Table of Contents
UNITED STATESSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549
Form 10-K
☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2025
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Commission File Number 0-8814
PURE CYCLE CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Colorado  84-0705083(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
34501 E Quincy Avenue, Bldg 1, Suite D, Watkins, CO 80137(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)
(303) 292 – 3456(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Common Stock 1/3 of $.01 par value PCYO The NASDAQ Stock Market(Title of each class) (Trading Symbol(s)) (Name of each exchange on which registered)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that theregistrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large acceleratedfiler,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer ☐ Accelerated filer ☐Non-accelerated filer ☒ Smaller reporting company ☒Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant toSection 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☐
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financialstatements.  ☐
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevantrecovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No ☒
State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of suchcommon equity, as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: $200,552,430
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: November 10, 2025 – 24,080,605
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The information required by Part III is incorporated by reference from the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and ExchangeCommission within 120 days of the close of the fiscal year ended August 31, 2025. Alternatively, we may include such information in an amendment to this annual report on Form 10-K.

Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Item PagePart I1 Business 41A. Risk Factors 231B. Unresolved Staff Comments 371C. Cybersecurity 372 Properties 383 Legal Proceedings 384 Mine Safety Disclosures 38Part II5 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 386 Selected Financial Data 397 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 407A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 488 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data F-19 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 499A. Controls and Procedures 499B. Other Information 50Part III10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 5011 Executive Compensation 5012 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 5013 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 5014 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 50Part IV15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 5116 Form 10-K Summary 51Signatures 54
Table of Contents
2
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Statements that are not historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K,are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, asamended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). The words “anticipate,”“seek,” “project,” “future,” “likely,” “believe,” “may,” “should,” “could,” “will,” “estimate,” “expect,” “plan,” “intend” and similar expressions, as theyrelate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to, among other things:
● future water supply needs in Colorado and how such needs will be met;● anticipated revenue from water sales;● anticipated increases in residential and commercial demand for water services and competition for these services;● estimated population increases in the Denver metropolitan area and the South Platte River basin;● demand for single-family rental homes;● plans for, and the efficiency of, development of our Sky Ranch property;● our competitive advantage;● the number of units planned for development at Sky Ranch;● the timing of the completion of construction and sale of finished lots at Sky Ranch;● the number of lots expected to be delivered in a fiscal period;● anticipated financial results, including anticipated increases in customers and revenue, from development of our Sky Ranch property;● estimated tap fees to be generated from the development of the various phases of Sky Ranch;● anticipated expansion and rental dates for our single-family rental homes;● anticipated revenue and cash flows from our single-family rental homes;● timing of and interpretation of royalty obligations to the State Board of Land Commissioners;● participation in regional water projects, including “WISE” (as defined herein) and the timing and availability of water from, and projected costs relatedto, WISE;● future water or wastewater tap fees;● our ability to collect fees and charges from customers and other users;● the estimated amount of reimbursable costs for Sky Ranch and the collectability of reimbursables;● anticipated timing and amount of, and sources of funding for, (i) capital expenditures to construct infrastructure and increase production capacities,(ii) compliance with water, environmental and other regulations, and (iii) operations, including delivery and treatment of water and wastewater;● capital required and costs to develop Sky Ranch;● anticipated development of other phases concurrently with the second phase of Sky Ranch;● our ability to secure a permit and finance the construction of a new interchange at I-70 for continued development of Sky Ranch;● plans to provide water for drilling and hydraulic fracturing of oil and gas wells;● changes in oil and gas drilling activity on our property, on the Lowry Ranch, or in the surrounding areas;● estimated costs of earthwork, erosion control, streets, drainage and landscaping at Sky Ranch;● the anticipated revenue from customers in the Rangeview District, Sky Ranch Districts, and Elbert & Highway 86 District;● plans for the use and development of our water assets and potential delays;● estimated number of connections we can serve with our existing water rights;● factors affecting demand for water;● our ability to meet customer demands in a sustainable and environmentally friendly way;● our ability to reduce the amount of up-front construction costs for water and wastewater systems;● costs and plans for treatment of water and wastewater;● expenditures for expenses and capital needs of the Rangeview District;● regional cooperation among area water providers in the development of new water supplies and water storage, transmission and distribution systems asthe most cost-effective way to expand and enhance service capacities;● sufficiency of tap fees to fund infrastructure costs of the Rangeview District;● plans to use raw water, effluent water or reclaimed water for agricultural and irrigation uses;● factors that may impact labor and material costs;
Table of Contents
3
● our ability to comply with permit requirements and environmental regulations and the cost of such compliance;● the impact of water quality, solid waste disposal and environmental regulations on our financial condition and results of operations;● our belief that several long-term land development and housing factors remain positive;● anticipated mortgage interest rates;● our belief that Sky Ranch is better positioned to navigate the changing market than competitors;● the impact of the homebuilding market and interest rates on our business and financial condition;● the recoverability of water and wastewater service costs from rates;● forfeitures of option grants, vesting of non-vested options and the fair value of option awards;● the sufficiency of our working capital and financing sources to fund our operations;● estimated costs of public improvements to be funded by Pure Cycle and constructed on behalf of the Sky Ranch Community Authority Board;● service life of constructed facilities;● accounting estimates and the impact of new accounting pronouncements;● our beliefs regarding the impact of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act; and● the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting.
Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. There areno assurances that any of our expectations will be realized, and actual results could differ materially from those in such statements. Factors that could causeactual results to differ from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements include, without limitation:
● political and economic instability, whether resulting from natural disasters, wars, terrorism, pandemics, tariffs, trade policies or other sources;● our ability to successfully expand our single-family home rental business and rent our single-family homes at rates sufficient to cover our costs;● the timing of new home construction and other development in the areas where we may sell our water, which in turn may be impacted by creditavailability, inflation and interest rates;● population growth;● changes in employment levels, job and personal income growth and household debt-to-income levels;● changes in consumer confidence generally and confidence of potential home buyers in particular;● declines in property values which impact tax revenue to the Sky Ranch Community Authority Board which would impact their ability to repay us;● changes in the supply of available new or existing homes and other housing alternatives, such as apartments and other residential rental property;● timing of oil and gas development in the areas where we sell our water;● the market price of homes, rental rates, and water, oil and gas prices;● changes in customer consumption patterns;● changes in applicable statutory and regulatory requirements;● changes in governmental policies and procedures, including with respect to land use, environmental, and tax matters;● changes in interest rates;● changes in tenant relief laws, including laws regulating evictions, rent control laws, and other regulations that limit our ability to increase rental rates;● changes in private and federal mortgage financing programs and lending practices;● uncertainties in the estimation of water available under decrees;● uncertainties in the estimation of the number of connections we can service with our existing water supplies;● uncertainties in the estimation of costs of delivery of water and treatment of wastewater;● uncertainties in the estimation of the service life of our systems;● uncertainties in the estimation of costs of construction projects;● uncertainties in the amount of reimbursable costs we may ultimately collect;● the strength and financial resources of our competitors;● our ability to find and retain skilled personnel;● climatic and weather conditions, including floods, droughts and freezing conditions;
Table of Contents
4
● turnover of elected and appointed officials and delays caused by political concerns and government procedures;● availability and cost of labor, material and equipment, including the impact of trade policies and tariffs;● engineering and geological problems;● environmental risks and regulations;● our ability to raise capital;● changes in corporate tax rates;● our ability to negotiate contracts with customers;● uncertainties in water court rulings;● security and cyberattacks, including unauthorized access to confidential information on our information technology systems; and● the factors described under “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
We undertake no obligation, and disclaim any obligation, to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether because of newinformation, future events or otherwise. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement.
PART I
Item 1 – Business
Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, any reference to “Pure Cycle,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” is to Pure CycleCorporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.
We are a diversified water and wastewater service provider, land developer, and home rental company. We provide wholesale water and wastewaterservices in the Denver, Colorado area, develop land we own into master planned communities, and develop single-family homes for rent. Each of ourbusinesses providing water and wastewater services, land development and single-family home rentals generates attractive recurring monthly income.
For more than 30 years, we have accumulated and continue to accumulate a portfolio of valuable water rights, land interests and single-family rental homesalong the Front Range of Colorado. We have added an extensive network of wholesale water production, storage, treatment and distribution systems, andwastewater collection and treatment systems that we operate and maintain to serve domestic, commercial, and industrial customers in the eastern Denvermetropolitan region. Our primary land asset, known as Sky Ranch, is in one of the most active development areas in the Denver metropolitan region alongthe rapidly developing I-70 corridor, where we are developing lots for residential, commercial, retail, and light industrial uses. Sky Ranch is zoned toinclude up to 3,200 single-family and multifamily homes, parks, open spaces, trails, recreational centers, schools, and over two million square feet of retail,commercial and light industrial space, all of which will be serviced by our water and wastewater services segment. Additionally, we have retained lots inour Sky Ranch development for our single-family rental business where we contract with national homebuilders to build us single-family homes for rent,typically under annual lease agreements. With 14 homes currently owned and rented, we continue to expand this new line of business, which may includemore than 200 rental homes at Sky Ranch over the next several years.
Through our land development segment, we develop master planned communities creating value and opportunity for homeowners, and businesses whoalso become water and wastewater customers, along the busy I-70 corridor of the Denver metropolitan area. Our land development segment was bornefrom our desire to capitalize on the increase in the value our water can provide to raw land in the Colorado Front Range.
Our land development activities provide a strategic complement to our water and wastewater resource and service business, and vice versa. One of themost significant components of any master planned community in Colorado is its ability to bring high quality domestic water, irrigation water, andwastewater services to the community. Having control over the water resources in conjunction with developing the land enables us to efficiently build andmaintain infrastructure for potable water and irrigation water distribution, wastewater and storm water collection, roads, parks, open spaces, and otherinvestments. It also enables us to efficiently align construction and delivery of these investments with phased take-down commitments from our homebuilder customers, minimizing expensive excess capacity or downtime with these significant investments. By being the landowner, land developer, andwater/wastewater provider, we believe we offer a more efficient development timeline, with more competitive lot pricing, which results in a moreaffordable and marketable for sale and for rent home product.
Our rental homes, water and land assets are designed, constructed, operated, and maintained by us. Our water, land development and home rental activitiesare each a distinct line of business which are operated separately but are cohesive business segments. We refer to
Table of Contents
5
these segments as our water and wastewater services segment, our land development segment, and our single-family rental segment, all of which aredescribed in greater detail below. To date, within our three business segments, we have sold or are in the process of developing 1,529 finished lots, we haveconstructed and operated and maintain water and wastewater systems with capacity to serve approximately 2,500 residential equivalent units, and we haveconstructed and are renting 14 homes.
Water and Wastewater Services Segment
We own or control the water supply and infrastructure required to (i) withdraw, treat, store and deliver water (i.e., water rights, wells, diversion structures,pipelines, reservoirs and treatment facilities required to extract and use the water); (ii) collect, treat, store and reuse wastewater (i.e., we design, build,operate and maintain water treatment and wastewater reclamation facilities); and (iii) treat and deliver reclaimed water for irrigation and industrial use (i.e.,we use and reuse our valuable water supplies through non-potable irrigation systems to irrigate parks and open spaces).
Our water supplies, which can be used in our exclusive service area (further described below) and other areas along the eastern I-70 corridor, enable us toadd significant value to our land development segment by bringing water to land that does not have water for development, enhancing the value of thatland, as well as our water resources, to a greater extent than either a traditional water utility or land developer can separately. Having a valuable portfolio ofwater in a water short region provides us with a competitive advantage over other land developers who may be required to buy expensive water, paysignificant fees to another water provider in lieu of buying water, and/or wait for a city to annex property and extend costly water and wastewaterinfrastructure to the property before development can begin. Having our own water supply gives us more control over the land entitlement anddevelopment process and the ability to capitalize on the value of our water rights. In addition, we have significant in-house expertise in engineering,operations, and land development which allows us to take a hands-on approach to the water and land development process.
We mainly provide wholesale water and wastewater services to local governmental entities that in turn provide residential and commercial water andwastewater services to customers in their communities. Our largest customer is the Rangeview Metropolitan District (Rangeview District). We have theexclusive right to provide water and wastewater services to the Rangeview District’s customers in its exclusive 24,000-acre Lowry Ranch Service Area inthe southeastern Denver metropolitan area pursuant to various agreements that are described in greater detail below. As of August 31, 2025, through theRangeview District, we provide service to more than 1,600 single-family equivalent (SFE) water connections and 1,153 SFE wastewater connections.These connections are located mainly in the southeastern metropolitan Denver area on the Lowry Ranch and at our Sky Ranch development and othernearby areas where we have acquired service rights. With the water rights we own and control, we believe we can serve an estimated 60,000 SFEs. An SFEis a customer, whether residential, commercial, or industrial, that imparts a demand on our water or wastewater systems based on the estimated demand ofa family of four persons living in a single-family house on a standard sized lot. For some instances herein, as context dictates, the term “acre-feet” (whichis approximately 326,000 gallons) is used to designate an annual decreed amount of water available during a typical year.
In addition to our domestic customers, we provide raw water for industrial oil and gas operations. Multiple operators lease more than 135,000 acres in andadjacent to our service area with more than 100 wells and miles of oil and gas collection lines. Sales of water to industrial customers in the oil and gasindustry are unpredictable and fluctuate dramatically but provide high margin revenue for our water assets.
Table of Contents
6
Illustrative map of our main Water Resources and Service Area
Land Development Segment
In 2010 we purchased approximately 930 acres of land along the I-70 corridor known as Sky Ranch. The illustration below provides our planned overalllayout of Sky Ranch. We acquired Sky Ranch with the intention of selling lots to home builders to add value to our core water and wastewater operationsby adding the ultimate purchasers of the homes as our water customers. Sky Ranch is being developed in phases over several years, which began inJune 2017, when we entered into agreements with three national home builders to sell the initial residential lots at Sky Ranch (referred to as Phase 1) andhas continued to expand as we sell lots, including to additional national homebuilders, in Phase 2. We divided our land development into phases. We arenow working on Phase 2 which is further divided into subphases that we refer to as Phases 2A, 2B, 2C, 2D and 2E to optimize the delivery of infrastructureand lots to our home builder customers on a real time basis without excess inventories of lots and homes.  
Table of Contents
7
Illustrative map of the Sky Ranch Master Planned Community
As of August 31, 2025, we have delivered 1,169 finished lots to homebuilders, retaining 71 lots for our single-family rental segment, are underconstruction on 204 lots (Phase 2D) scheduled for completion in fiscal 2026, and have an additional 148 lots (Phase 2E) scheduled for completion in fiscal2027 at Sky Ranch. As of August 31, 2025, homebuilders have built and sold 837 homes at Sky Ranch, with approximately 64 additional homes underconstruction. All Phase 1 lots in Sky Ranch are complete and all public improvements (roads, parks, open spaces, storm drain facilities, etc.) have beenaccepted by the various governmental entities that will control and maintain that infrastructure.
As part of our land development activities, we formed a new Charter School, Sky Ranch Academy, for the purpose of partnering with the Bennett SchoolDistrict 29J to build and operate a new K-12 Charter School located at Sky Ranch. Sky Ranch Academy has partnered with National Heritage Academy(NHA) to build and operate the charter, NHA brings more than 25 years of experience providing educational services at more than 100 schools in ninestates, educating more than 60,000 students including five other schools in Colorado. Sky Ranch Academy opened in August 2023 serving grades K-7. InAugust of 2024 Sky Ranch Academy added grade 8.  In August 2025, NHA broke ground and anticipates opening a high school which will serve grades 9-12 for the 2026-2027 school year.

Table of Contents
8
Single-Family Rental Segment
In recent years, the housing market and home prices in Colorado have grown significantly, mortgage rates have increased, and the average price of homesin Colorado has risen. As a result of these factors, we believe rental homes will continue to become increasingly attractive to provide affordable housingoptions to Colorado’s growing population. Additionally, we have seen a shift from people having to rent to people choosing to rent. We believe this shiftwill continue to shape the housing market for the foreseeable future. To capitalize on the growing single-family rental market, we launched our single-family rental division. We initially contracted with a local home builder to construct 14 single-family detached homes at Sky Ranch that we retained for usein our rental division. During the fall of 2025 we will bring online five rental townhomes constructed by one of our national homebuilder partners and weare currently under contract with several other national home builders to construct the next 40 single-family detached homes at Sky Ranch for delivery infiscal 2026.  These rental homes represent our investment in our third operating segment as we expect to add an additional 76 homes in Phase 2 with theability to add more than 200 homes as Sky Ranch builds out. Although the percentage rise in home prices has dropped off in the last year, we believehaving ongoing recurring rental income in a community which is experiencing growth in home values and in which we are actively involved adds value tothe community and provides tremendous opportunities to growing our balance sheet and diversifying our recurring revenues.
Illustrative map of our active and planned Single-family rental units in Phase 2 of the Sky Ranch Master Planned Community

Table of Contents
9
Our Water Assets
We use our valuable and growing water and land assets within our water and land development operations. Our water assets are summarized in the tablebelow and further discussed in this section (amounts in acre-feet):
Water Source     Groundwater    DesignatedGroundwater    Surface Water TotalRangeview Water Supply  Export (1)   10,000  —  1,650  11,650Non-Export (2)   13,685  —  1,650  15,335Fairgrounds   321  —  —  321Sky Ranch   828  —  —  828Lost Creek supply   520  670  378  1,568WISE (3)   —  —  900  900
Total   25,354  670  4,578  30,602
(1) Pending completion by the “Land Board” (defined below) of documentation related to the exercise of our right to substitute 1,650 acre-feet of ourgroundwater for a comparable amount of surface water.
(2) We have the exclusive right to use this water to provide water services to customers on and off the Lowry Ranch, as described further below.
(3) Amount of WISE water available for our use may vary by year and is described in greater detail below.
Rangeview Water Supply
Terminology typically used in the water industry that may help readers understand water rights are detailed below.
● Non-Tributary Groundwater – groundwater located outside the boundaries of any designated groundwater basins in existence on January 1, 1985,the withdrawal of which will not, within one hundred years of continuous withdrawal, deplete the flow of a natural stream at an annual rategreater than one-tenth of one percent of the annual rate of withdrawal.
● Not Non-Tributary Groundwater – statutorily defined as groundwater located within those portions of the Dawson, Denver, Arapahoe, andLaramie Fox-Hill aquifers outside of designated basins that does not meet the definition of “non-tributary.”
● Tributary Groundwater – all water located in an aquifer that is hydrologically connected to a natural stream such that depletion has an impact onthe surface stream.
● Designated Groundwater – renewable and sustainable groundwater from certain areas of Colorado designated by the Colorado Ground WaterCommission subject to management under the Colorado Ground Water Commission’s rules. 
● Tributary Surface Water – water on the surface of the ground flowing in a stream or river system.
Our Rangeview Water Supply consists of 30,602 acre-feet of tributary surface water, non-tributary groundwater, and not non-tributary groundwater, andapproximately 26,000 acre-feet of adjudicated reservoir sites. The Rangeview Water Supply is principally located in the southeast Denver metropolitanarea at the “Lowry Ranch,” which is land owned by the State Board of Land Commissioners (Land Board) and is described below.
We acquired our Rangeview Water Supply through the following agreements:
● The 1996 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement between the Land Board and the Rangeview District, which was superseded by the 2014Amended and Restated Lease Agreement, dated July 10, 2014 (Lease), among us, the Land Board, and the Rangeview District;
Table of Contents
10
● The 1996 Service Agreement between us and the Rangeview District, which was superseded by the Amended and Restated Service Agreement,dated July 11, 2014, between us and the Rangeview District (Lowry Service Agreement), which allows us to provide water service to theRangeview District’s customers located on the Lowry Ranch;
● The Agreement for Sale of non-tributary and not non-tributary groundwater between us and the Rangeview District (Export Agreement), pursuantto which we purchased a portion of the Rangeview Water Supply that we refer to as our “Export Water” because the Export Agreement allows usto export this water from the Lowry Ranch to supply water to nearby communities; and
● The 1997 Wastewater Service Agreement between us and Rangeview District (Lowry Wastewater Agreement), which allows us to providewastewater service to the Rangeview District’s customers on the Lowry Ranch.
● The Option Agreement, dated January 20, 2024, among us, Rangeview District, and the Land Board (ECCV Option), which allows us to add theEast Cherry Creek Valley (ECCV) system and 4,000 acre-feet or Arapahoe aquifer groundwater to the lease described above, subject to thepayments of additional rent, effective as of July 8, 2032, upon the expiration of the ECCV lease, described below under the heading “East CherryCreek Valley System”.
The Lease, the Lowry Service Agreement, the Export Agreement, the Lowry Wastewater Agreement, and the ECCV Option, are collectively referred to asthe “Rangeview Water Agreements.”
We provide wholesale water service and wastewater service to customers located both on and outside of the Lowry Ranch, including customers of theRangeview District and other governmental entities, and industrial and commercial customers. Pursuant to service agreements with Rangeview (includingthe Lowry Service Agreement, the Lowry Wastewater Agreement and the Non-Lowry Service Agreement described below), we design, construct, operateand maintain the Rangeview District’s water and wastewater systems that are used to provide water and wastewater services to the Rangeview District’scustomers located within the Rangeview District’s exclusive service area, and other approved areas. Subject to the terms and conditions of our agreementswith the Rangeview District, we are the exclusive water and wastewater provider to the Rangeview District’s customers. For the Rangeview District’scustomers located on the Lowry Ranch, we operate both the water and the wastewater systems during our contract period on behalf of the RangeviewDistrict, which owns the facilities for both systems. At the expiration of our contract term in 2081, ownership of the water system facilities located on theLowry Ranch used to deliver water to customers on the Lowry Ranch will revert to the Land Board, with the Rangeview District retaining ownership ofany wastewater facilities located on the Lowry Ranch. The water system and related facilities used to deliver water to customers off the Lowry Ranch(including Export Water) will remain with us and the Rangeview District.
In addition to our valuable water rights, the Rangeview Water Agreements grant us the right to use approximately 26,000 acre-feet of reservoir capacity intwo valuable surface reservoir sites to provide water service to customers both on and off the Lowry Ranch.
The Company, Rangeview District and the State Land Board filed a Water Court Application on December 31, 2020 seeking to: (1) adjudicate 1,635 acrefeet of water from the Box Elder Creek Alluvial aquifer (a new water right), (2) consolidate and enlarge certain reservoirs on the Lowry Ranch, (3) approvenew places of use for existing water rights, (4) approve new places of storage for certain water rights, and (5) approve a new alternate diversion point forcertain existing water rights.  On February 7, 2025, the Water Court denied our new water right application of 1,635 acre feet of Box Elder Creek Alluvialaquifer water as well as the consolidation and enlargement of certain reservoirs on the Lowry Ranch.  Neither of these rulings impacted our existing waterrights or existing reservoir storage sites.  The Court sought additional information from the Company and opposing parties regarding the three claimswhich remain outstanding before continuing the trial. The Company is working with opposing parties to reach a settlement agreement for all five claims inthe Water Court Application.
Fairgrounds Water
The fairgrounds water represents groundwater rights we acquired from Arapahoe County in conjunction with us entering into water service agreementswith the County for the Arapahoe County Fairgrounds. We use this water with our overall Rangeview Water Supply for supplying water servicesthroughout our service area.
Table of Contents
11
Sky Ranch Water Supply
As part of the acquisition of the Sky Ranch land in 2010, we also acquired the 828 acre-feet of water located beneath the property. The water is being usedas part of our overall water system, which includes providing services to the Sky Ranch Master Planned Community.
Lost Creek Water Supply
The “Lost Creek Water” is comprised of water rights we acquired in 2019, 2022 and 2024 in the Lost Creek Designated Ground Water Basin in WeldCounty Colorado. In August 2019, we purchased 300 acre-feet of designated groundwater and 220 acre-feet of groundwater and ditch water. In June 2022,we purchased 370 acre-feet of designated groundwater. In October 2024, we purchased 300 acre-feet of designated groundwater and 378 acre-feet ofgroundwater and ditch water. All the Lost Creek Water will be changed for use as municipal/industrial/agricultural water as needed. In addition, we havefiled an application with the Colorado Water Court, as described under Item 3 – Legal Proceedings, to use the Lost Creek Water to augment ourmunicipal/industrial water supplies at the Lowry Ranch. Our plans are to consolidate our Lost Creek Water with our Rangeview Water Supply to provideservice to the Rangeview District’s customers both on and off the Lowry Ranch.
The Lowry Ranch Property
The Lowry Ranch consists of nearly 26,000 acres, or 40 square miles, of primarily undeveloped land in unincorporated Arapahoe County. It is located 20miles southeast of downtown Denver and is one of the largest contiguous parcels under single ownership next to a major metropolitan area in the UnitedStates. Pursuant to our agreements with the Land Board, we, together with the Rangeview District, have the exclusive rights to provide water andwastewater services to 24,000 acres of the Lowry Ranch.
The Rangeview District
The Rangeview District is a quasi-municipal corporation and political subdivision of the State of Colorado formed in 1986 for the purpose of providingwater and wastewater services to the Lowry Ranch and other approved areas. The Rangeview District is governed by an elected board of directors. Eligiblevoters and persons eligible to serve as directors of the Rangeview District must own an interest in property within the boundaries of the RangeviewDistrict. We own certain rights and real property interests which encompass the current boundaries of the Rangeview District. The current directors of theRangeview District are Mark W. Harding (our President, Chief Executive Officer, and a director), Scott E. Lehman (our employee), Dirk Lashnits (ouremployee), Brent Brouillard (our employee), and one independent board member. Pursuant to Colorado law, directors may receive $100 for each boardmeeting they attend, up to a maximum of $1,600 per year. Messrs. Harding, Lehman, Lashnits, and Brouillard have all elected to forego these payments.
Land Board Royalties and Fees
Water Deliveries – Pursuant to the Rangeview Water Agreements, the Land Board is entitled to royalty payments based on a percentage of revenue earnedfrom water sales that use the Rangeview Water Supply. The calculation of royalties depends on the location of the customer and whether the customer is apublic or private entity. The Land Board does not receive a royalty from wastewater services. When we develop, operate, and deliver water from ourRangeview Water Supply, the Land Board receives royalties on the gross revenue at a rate of 12% from water delivered to all customers located on theLowry Ranch and to all private customers located off the Lowry Ranch and 10% from public entity customers located off the Lowry Ranch. In the eventthat (i) metered production of water used on the Lowry Ranch in any calendar year exceeds 13,000 acre-feet or (ii) 10,000 acres of land on the LowryRanch have been rezoned to non-agricultural use, finally platted and water tap agreements have been entered into with respect to all improvements to beconstructed on such acreage, the Land Board may elect, at its option, to receive (in lieu of its royalty of 12% from customers on the Lowry Ranch), 50% ofthe collective net profits (ours and the Rangeview District’s) derived from the sale or other disposition of water on the Lowry Ranch. To date, neither ofthese conditions has been met, and such conditions are not likely to be met any time soon. In addition to royalties on the sale of metered water deliveries,the Land Board will receive a royalty of two percent (2%) of the gross amount received from the sale of water taps to be served by the Rangeview WaterSupply, except for the sale of any taps to Sky Ranch. Escalated royalties will be owed if we sell our Export Water outright rather than delivering waterservice. We do not currently anticipate selling our Export Water Rights.
Table of Contents
12
Annual Production Fee – We are also required to pre-pay the Land Board a minimum annual water royalty of approximately $46,000 per year, which iscredited against earned royalties each year.
Annual Rent – We pay the Land Board annual rent under the Lease of $8,400, which amount is increased every five years based on the Consumer PriceIndex for Urban Consumers. The next increase will occur in 2026.
Option Fee – Pursuant to the terms of the ECCV Option, we paid the Land Board an initial fee of $50,000, and we pay an annual fee of $50,000 through2032, which grants us the option to add the ECCV system and 4,000 acre-feet or Arapahoe aquifer groundwater, to our Lease upon the expiration of theECCV Lease.
South Metropolitan Water Supply Authority (SMWSA) and Water Infrastructure Supply Efficiency Partnership (WISE)
SMWSA is a municipal water authority in Colorado organized to pursue the acquisition and development of water supplies on behalf of its members,which include the Rangeview District. SMWSA members include 14 Denver area water providers in Arapahoe and Douglas Counties. Pursuant to certainagreements between us and the Rangeview District, we agreed to provide funding to enable the Rangeview District to acquire rights to water projectsundertaken by SMWSA, including rights to water supplied pursuant to the cooperative water project known as WISE. WISE provides for the purchase andconstruction of infrastructure (such as pipelines, water storage facilities, water treatment facilities, and other appurtenant facilities) to deliver water to andamong the 10 members of the South Metro WISE Authority (SMWA), consisting of the Rangeview District and nine other SMWSA members, from theCity and County of Denver acting through its Board of Water Commissioners (Denver Water) and the City of Aurora acting by and through its utilityenterprise (Aurora Water). In exchange for funding the Rangeview District’s WISE obligations, we have the exclusive right to use and reuse the RangeviewDistrict’s 900 acre-feet of WISE water (approximately 9%) and infrastructure to provide water service to the Rangeview District’s customers and to receivethe revenue from providing those services. Our current WISE subscription entitles us to approximately three million gallons per day of transmissionpipeline capacity while staying within our annual subscription of 900 acre-feet between June 1st and May 31st.
The cost of the water to the members is based on the water rates charged by Aurora Water and can be adjusted each January 1. As of January 1, 2024,WISE water was $6.55 per thousand gallons and such rate remained in effect through calendar 2024. Effective January 1, 2025, WISE water increased to$7.23 per thousand gallons, which will be in effect for all of calendar 2025. In addition, we pay certain system operational and construction costs, which issubject to the percentage of Rangeview District’s share (approximately 9%). If a WISE member, including the Rangeview District, does not need its WISEwater each year or a member needs additional water, the members can trade and/or buy and sell water amongst themselves. For the year ended August 31,2025, we, through the Rangeview District, purchased a total of just under 156 acre-feet of WISE water for $0.4 million. For the year ended August 31,2024, we, through the Rangeview District, purchased a total of just over 134 acre-feet of WISE water for $0.4 million.
During the years ended August 31, 2025 and 2024, we provided $1.0 million and $0.6 million of financing to the Rangeview District to fund theRangeview District’s obligation to purchase WISE water rights and pay for operational and construction charges. Ongoing funding requirements aredependent on the WISE water subscription amount and the Rangeview District’s allocable share of the operational and overhead costs of SMWA andconstruction activities related to delivery of WISE water.
East Cherry Creek Valley System
Pursuant to a 1983 lease, ECCV Water and Sanitation District leased the right to develop infrastructure to pump up to 4,000 acre feet of groundwater fromthe Arapahoe aquifer below the Lowry Range (ECCV Lease). ECCV’s system is comprised of eight wells and more than ten miles of buried water pipelinelocated on the Lowry Ranch. In May 2012, we entered into an agreement to operate and maintain the ECCV facilities allowing us to utilize the system toprovide water to commercial and industrial customers, including hydraulic fracturing for oil and gas wells. The agreement allows us to use the ECCVsystem through April 30, 2032 in exchange for a flat monthly fee and a fee per 1,000 gallons of water produced from ECCV’s system, which is included inthe water usage fees charged to customers. Pursuant to the ECCV Option, we will be able to add the use of the ECCV system and 4,000 acre-feet ofArapahoe aquifer groundwater to our Lease, upon the expiration of the ECCV lease (July 8, 2032) through the expiration of our Lease in 2081.
Table of Contents
13
Sources of Water and Wastewater Service Revenue
Our water and wastewater resource development segment generates revenue from the following sources, described in greater detail below:
● Monthly metered water usage and wastewater treatment fees;● One-time water and wastewater tap (connection) fees;● Construction and special facility funding fees;● Consulting fees; and● Industrial – oil and gas operations fees.
Monthly Metered Water Usage and Wastewater Treatment Fees
Monthly metered water usage fees are assessed to customers based on actual deliveries each month. Water usage fees are based on a tiered pricing structurethat provides for higher prices as customers use greater amounts of water. The water usage fees for customers in the Lowry Ranch are noted in the tablesbelow:
Current Lowry Ranch tiered potable water usage pricing structure
Base charge per SFE per month     $  32.74Price ($ per thousand gallons used per month)0 gallons to 15,000 gallons $  4.6315,000 gallons to 30,000 gallons $  8.1030,000 gallons and above $  9.95
Current Lowry Ranch tiered non-potable water usage pricing structure
Base charge per SFE per month     $  32.74Price ($ per thousand gallons used per month)0 gallons to 15,000 gallons $  3.9415,000 gallons to 30,000 gallons $  6.8930,000 gallons and above $  8.46
The figures in the table above reflect the amounts charged to the Rangeview District’s end-use customers on the Lowry Ranch. Pursuant to the Lease, theamounts charged by the Rangeview District to its end-use customers on the Lowry Ranch cannot exceed the average of similar rates and charges of threesurrounding municipal water and wastewater service providers. In exchange for providing water service to the Rangeview District’s Lowry Ranchcustomers, we receive 98% of the usage charges received by the Rangeview District relating to water services after deducting the required royalty to theLand Board (described above at Rangeview Water Supply – Land Board Royalties and Fees).
The amounts charged by the Rangeview District to its end-use customers off the Lowry Ranch are determined pursuant to the Rangeview District’s serviceagreements with such customers and such rates may vary. In exchange for providing water service to the Rangeview District’s customers off the LowryRanch, we receive 98% of the usage charges received by the Rangeview District relating to water services after deducting any required royalty to the LandBoard. The royalty to the Land Board is required for water service provided utilizing our Rangeview Water Supply, which includes most of our currentcustomers off the Lowry Ranch except those at the Elbert & Highway 86 Commercial District (also known as “Wild Pointe” described below).
We sell bulk water at a rate of $14.76 per thousand gallons to commercial and industrial customers via bulk meters or the Company’s water fill stations.
We also collect other immaterial fees and charges from customers and other users to cover miscellaneous administrative and service expenses, such asapplication fees, review fees, reinspection fees, and permit fees.
Table of Contents
14
In exchange for providing wastewater services, we receive 90% of the Rangeview District’s monthly wastewater treatment fees, as well as the right to useor sell the reclaimed water.
Water and Wastewater Tap Fees
We generate significant revenue from fees charged to customers to connect to our water and wastewater systems. These fees are known as tap fees. The tapfee is a non-refundable fee that is typically payable at the time a building permit is granted for construction of a home or business and authorizes theproperty to connect to the water or wastewater system. Once granted, the right stays with the property. We have no obligation to physically connect theproperty to the lines; this is typically done by the homebuilder or commercial developer. Once connected to the water and/or wastewater systems, theproperty has live service, and the customer can receive metered water deliveries from our system and send wastewater into our system. Thus, the customerhas full control of the connection right as it can obtain all the benefits from this right. Our systems are “wholesale facilities,” namely those assets used todeliver water and wastewater to a service area or major regions or portions thereof. Wells, treatment plants, pump stations, tanks, reservoirs, transmissionpipelines, and major sewage lift stations are typical examples of wholesale facilities.
In exchange for providing water and wastewater service to the Rangeview District’s customers using the Rangeview Water Supply and wastewaterfacilities, we receive 100% of Rangeview District’s water and wastewater tap fees after payment of a 2% royalty to the Land Board for the sale of watertaps (other than taps to Sky Ranch which are exempt from royalties).
The Rangeview District’s 2025 water tap fees are $34,200 per SFE and its wastewater tap fees are $8,240. The Rangeview District assesses its tap andusage fees annually and adjusts the rates as necessary.
Construction and Special Facility Funding Fees
Construction and Special Facility Funding fees are fees we receive, typically in advance, from developers for us to build infrastructure that is normally theresponsibility of the developer because the facilities service only the developer’s property. These types of facilities may include retail facilities, whichdistribute water to and collect wastewater from an individual subdivision or a community, and special facilities, which are required to extend services to anindividual development and are not otherwise classified as a typical wholesale facility or retail facilities. Temporary infrastructure required prior toconstruction of permanent water and wastewater systems or transmission pipelines to transfer water from one location to another are examples of specialfacilities. Once we certify that the special facilities have been constructed in accordance with our design criteria, the developer dedicates the specialfacilities to the Rangeview District, and we operate and maintain the facilities on behalf of Rangeview.
Consulting Fees
Consulting fees are received, typically monthly, from municipalities and area water providers for whom we provide contract operation services.
Industrial – Oil and Gas Operations Fees
We provide water for oil and gas operators that are performing hydraulic fracturing, mainly in the Niobrara Formation on and around our service area andour Sky Ranch property. These fees are paid based on the metered gallons of water delivered. Oil and gas drilling in our area is affected by the price of oiland state, local and federal government regulations. The number of wells drilled varies from year to year. Each well utilizes between 10 and 20 milliongallons of water during the hydraulic fracturing process, which equates to selling water between approximately 100 and 200 homes for an entire year. Witha large percentage of the acreage surrounding the Lowry Ranch in Arapahoe, Adams, Elbert, and portions of Douglas Counties already leased by oilcompanies, we anticipate continuing to provide water for drilling and hydraulic fracturing in the future.
Service to Customers Not on the Lowry Ranch
In addition to customers on the Lowry Ranch, we have an agreement with the Rangeview District to be its exclusive water and wastewater service providerthroughout its service area. This includes the design, construction, operation and maintenance of water and wastewater systems to serve the RangeviewDistrict’s customers located outside the Lowry Ranch Service Area (for example Wild Pointe and Sky Ranch) (Non-Lowry Service Agreement). Inexchange for providing water and wastewater services to the Rangeview
Table of Contents
15
District’s customers that are not on the Lowry Ranch, we receive 100% of water and wastewater tap fees, 98% of the water usage fees, received by theRangeview District from these customers, after deduction of royalties due to the Land Board, if applicable (i.e., if we use a portion of the Rangeview WaterSupply, such as the Export Water, to provide service to such customers), and 90% of the monthly wastewater service and usage fees received by theRangeview District from customers.
Sky Ranch Water and Wastewater Service – Pursuant to the Non-Lowry Service Agreement, we are the exclusive provider of water and wastewater servicesto all current and future residents, businesses, and other water users at the Sky Ranch development.
Wild Pointe – Elbert & Highway 86 Commercial Metropolitan District – In 2017, we entered into an agreement with the Rangeview District, which hadentered into an agreement with Elbert & Highway 86 Commercial Metropolitan District (Elbert 86 District) to operate and maintain a water system forresidential and commercial customers at the Wild Pointe development in Elbert County. The water system includes two deep water wells, a pump station,treatment facility, storage facility, over eight miles of transmission lines, and over 450 acre-feet of water rights serving Wild Pointe. We provided $1.6million in funding to acquire the exclusive rights to operate and maintain all the water facilities in exchange for payment of the remaining residential andcommercial tap fees and annual water use fees. Service to Wild Pointe is governed by the Non-Lowry Service Agreement.
Our Land Development Assets – Sky Ranch
In 2010, we purchased approximately 930 acres of undeveloped land in unincorporated Arapahoe County, which we are actively developing as the masterplanned community known as Sky Ranch. With the property acquisition, we also acquired nearly 830 acre-feet of water beneath Sky Ranch andapproximately 640 acres of oil and gas mineral rights. Sky Ranch is located 16 miles east of downtown Denver, four miles north of the Lowry Ranch, andfour miles south of Denver International Airport.
Sky Ranch is zoned for residential, commercial, and retail uses, including up to 3,200 homes and more than two million square feet of commercial, retail,and light industrial development. See illustration above for the current layout of Sky Ranch. The development of Sky Ranch will occur in multiple filingsand phases which will take several years to complete. As of August 31, 2025, we have delivered to homebuilders 1,169 finished lots, retaining 71 lots forour single-family rental segment, are under construction on 204 lots scheduled for delivery in fiscal 2026, and have under contract an additional 148 lotsscheduled for delivery in fiscal 2027 at Sky Ranch. As of August 31, 2025, homebuilders have built and sold 837 homes at Sky Ranch, with approximately64 homes under construction. All Phase 1 lots in Sky Ranch are complete and all public improvements (roads, parks, open spaces, storm drain facilities,etc.) have been accepted by the various governmental entities that will control and maintain the infrastructure.
As the land developer, we are obligated to provide finished lots (i.e. lots ready for building permits to construct homes) to each of the home builders as partof our agreements with them. We build, or contract to build, the roads, curbs, wet and dry utilities, storm drains, parks, open spaces, and other relatedimprovements as part of a master planned community pursuant to our agreement with the Sky Ranch CAB. Each builder is required to purchase water andwastewater taps for each lot from the Rangeview District at the time a building permit is issued. The cost of the water and wastewater tap for a lot dependson the size of the lot, the size of the house, and the amount of irrigated landscaping. Pursuant to the Non-Lowry Service Agreement, we receive all thewater and wastewater tap fees from tap sales at Sky Ranch and 98% of the ongoing monthly water and 90% of ongoing monthly wastewater servicerevenue.
Public improvements, such as roads, parks, water and sanitary sewer mains, storm sewer, and drainage improvements, that are shared by all homeowners inthe development and are not specific to any private finished lot are ultimately owned by the governmental metropolitan district or other municipality that isresponsible for the maintenance of the improvements. Upon completion and acceptance of certain public improvements by the “Sky Ranch Districts” or theSky Ranch CAB (both of which are defined below), we are entitled to receive reimbursement for the verified public improvement costs. Pursuant to certainagreements with the Sky Ranch Districts and the Sky Ranch CAB, on their behalf we construct public infrastructure such as roads, curbs, storm water,drainage, sidewalks, parks, open space, trails etc., which costs are reimbursed to us by the Sky Ranch CAB through funds generated by the Sky RanchDistricts through taxes, fees, or the issuance of municipal bonds. See Note 2 and Note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements regardingtreatment and recognition of these public improvement costs.
Pursuant to our service agreements, we are required to construct all required wholesale water and wastewater improvements (i.e., a wastewater reclamationfacility, water supply, storage, treatment, and other wholesale facilities) for the provision of water and wastewater service to the property. As of August 31,2025, we have completed the required wholesale facilities and other infrastructure to provide water and wastewater for over 2,000 homes at Sky Ranch.The most significant wholesale facility built was the wastewater
Table of Contents
16
reclamation facility, which cost $10.2 million and has a designed capacity to provide wastewater for more than 2,000 single-family homes before requiringexpansion. This allows the treatment facility to process wastewater for several development phases at Sky Ranch before additional investment is needed toincrease its capacity.
We expect to have other phases developing concurrently with the second phase that could include commercial, retail, and light industrial sites. We expectfull development of the Sky Ranch Master Planned Community to take another eight to ten years depending on market conditions.
Pursuant to the Sky Ranch Water and Wastewater Service Agreement, dated June 19, 2017, between PCY Holdings, LLC (a wholly-owned subsidiary ofours that holds title to the Sky Ranch land), and the Rangeview District, PCY Holdings, LLC, agreed to construct certain facilities necessary to providewater and wastewater service to Sky Ranch. The Rangeview District, through us as its exclusive service provider, agreed to provide water and wastewaterservices to the Sky Ranch property. We have installed roughly 29 miles of water delivery and wastewater collection infrastructure at a cost of $10.5million, which is reimbursable by the Sky Ranch CAB as outlined in Note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
We have also leased the oil and gas minerals underlying the property to a major independent exploration and production company.
Sky Ranch Metropolitan Districts
The Sky Ranch Metropolitan District Nos. 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 are quasi-municipal corporations and political subdivisions of Colorado formed for thepurpose of providing services to the Sky Ranch property (Sky Ranch Districts). The Sky Ranch Districts are governed by an elected board of directors.Eligible voters and persons eligible to serve as directors of the Sky Ranch Districts must own an interest in property within the boundaries of the district.We own certain rights and real property interests which encompass the current boundaries of the districts and certain of our employees serve on the boardsof directors of the Sky Ranch Districts. The current directors of the districts are Mark W. Harding (our President, Chief Executive Officer, and a director),Marc Spezialy (our Vice President, Chief Financial Officer), Scott E. Lehman (our employee), Dirk Lashnits (our employee), and two independent boardmembers. Pursuant to Colorado law, directors may receive $100 for each board meeting they attend, up to a maximum of $1,600 per year. Messrs. Harding,Spezialy, Lehman, and Lashnits have all elected to forego these payments.
Sky Ranch Community Authority Board
Districts No. 1 and 5 of the Sky Ranch Districts, formed the Sky Ranch Community Authority Board (Sky Ranch CAB) to, among other things, design,construct, finance, operate and maintain certain public improvements for the benefit of the property within the boundaries and/or service area of the SkyRanch Districts. In order for the public improvements to be constructed and/or acquired, it is necessary for each Sky Ranch District and/or the Sky RanchCAB to be able to fund the improvements and pay its ongoing operations and maintenance expenses related to the provision of services that benefit theproperty. We entered into agreements, first with Sky Ranch Metropolitan District No. 1 in 2014 and later with the Sky Ranch CAB, that require us to fundexpenses related to the construction of an agreed upon list of public improvements for the Sky Ranch Master Planned Community.
We and the Sky Ranch CAB entered into a Facilities Funding and Acquisition Agreement (FFAA) for Phase 1 effective November 2017 and amended onSeptember 2024, obligating us to advance funding to the Sky Ranch CAB for specified public improvements. We and the Sky Ranch CAB entered into aPhase 2 Facilities Funding and Acquisition Agreement (FFAA2) for Phase 2 effective December 2020, obligating us to advance funding to the Sky RanchCAB for specified public improvements. All amounts owed under the FFAA and FFAA2 bear interest at a rate of 6% per annum. Any advances not paid orreimbursed by the Sky Ranch CAB by December 31, 2058, for Phase 1 and December 31, 2060, for Phase 2, shall be deemed forever discharged andsatisfied in full. Advances and verified costs expended by us for expenses related to the construction of the agreed-upon public improvements arereimbursable to us by the Sky Ranch CAB. No repayment is required of the Sky Ranch CAB for advances made or expenses incurred related to theconstruction of public improvements unless and until the Sky Ranch CAB and/or Sky Ranch Districts generate sufficient funds from property taxes, fees,or the issuance of bonds in an amount sufficient to reimburse us for all or a portion of advances or other public improvement expenses incurred. Unpaidadvances accrue interest at the rate of 6% annually.  The Sky Ranch CAB has agreed to exercise reasonable efforts to issue bonds to reimburse us subject tocertain limitations. In addition, the Sky Ranch CAB has agreed to utilize any available moneys not otherwise pledged to payment of debt or used foroperation and maintenance expenses to reimburse us. Since 2017, we have advanced the Sky Ranch CAB a total of $85.6 million for funding theconstruction of the public improvements. The Sky Ranch CAB has remitted the following amounts to us for repayment of public improvements and therelated interest:
Table of Contents
17
● In November 2019, the Sky Ranch CAB issued bonds and repaid $10.5 million;● In fiscal 2021, the Sky Ranch CAB repaid $0.4 million from unencumbered funds resulting from a budget surplus;● In fiscal 2022, the Sky Ranch CAB repaid $0.1 million from unencumbered funds resulting from a budget surplus;● In August 2022, the Sky Ranch CAB issued bonds and repaid $23.6 million;● In fiscal 2023, the Sky Ranch CAB repaid $0.9 million from unencumbered funds resulting from a budget surplus;● In fiscal 2024, the Sky Ranch CAB repaid $0.8 million from unencumbered funds resulting from a budget surplus;● In October 2024, the Sky Ranch CAB refinanced the 2019 bonds and repaid $10.1 million; and● In fiscal 2025, the Sky Ranch CAB repaid $5.1 million from unencumbered funds resulting from a budget surplus.
Due to continued growth and the continued belief the Sky Ranch CAB can repay amounts we spend on public improvements, Phase 2 reimbursable publicimprovements, along with the project management revenue, and interest income are being recorded as a note receivable from the Sky Ranch CAB asincurred. Note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements summarizes the changes to the note receivable. The Sky Ranch CAB has anobligation to repay us but the ability of the Sky Ranch CAB to repay us before the contractual termination dates is dependent upon the establishment of atax base or other fee-generating activities sufficient to recover reimbursable costs incurred. Costs incurred will be recognized as land under developmentcosts or notes receivable – related party, depending on whether collectability is deemed to be considered probable.
The current directors of the Sky Ranch CAB are Mark W. Harding (our President, Chief Executive Officer, and a director), Marc Spezialy (our VicePresident, Chief Financial Officer), Scott E. Lehman (our employee), Dirk Lashnits (our employee), and one independent board member. Pursuant toColorado law, directors may receive $100 for each board meeting they attend, up to a maximum of $1,600 per year. Messrs. Harding, Spezialy, Lehman,and Lashnits have all elected to forego these payments.
Other Assets
Oil and Gas Leases
In 2011, we entered into an Oil and Gas Lease (Sky Ranch O&G Lease) and Surface Use and Damage Agreement and received an up-front payment and a20% of gross proceeds royalty (less certain taxes) from the sale of oil and gas produced from the mineral estate we own at Sky Ranch. The Sky RanchO&G Lease is now held by production, and we have been receiving royalties from the oil and gas production from six wells drilled within our mineralinterest. During fiscal year ending August 31, 2024, seven new wells were drilled on Sky Ranch and placed into operations. During the years ended August31, 2025 and 2024, we received $6.7 million and $0.8 million in royalties attributable to these wells.
Arkansas River Land and Minerals
As of August 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company owned 544 acres and 698 acres of land in the Arkansas River valley which is classified as held for sale aswe intend to sell the remaining 544 acres in due course. We also own approximately 13,900 acres of mineral interests in the Arkansas River Valley, whichhas no carrying value on our books due to an impairment charge of $1.4 million we recorded in fiscal 2020. We currently have no plans to sell our mineralinterests.
Significant Customers    
We primarily provide water and wastewater services on the Rangeview District’s behalf to the Rangeview District’s customers. The Rangeview Districtaccounts for the majority of our water and wastewater service revenue. Refer to Note 9 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements foradditional information on our significant customers.
Projected Operations
This section should be read in conjunction with Item 1A – Risk Factors.
Along the Colorado Front Range, there are over 70 water providers with varying needs for replacement and/or new water supplies. We believe that we arewell positioned to assist certain of these providers in meeting their current and future water needs.
Table of Contents
18
We design, construct, operate and maintain our water and wastewater facilities using advanced water treatment and wastewater treatment technologies,which allow us to use our water supplies in an efficient and environmentally sustainable manner. We develop our water and wastewater systems in stages toefficiently meet customer demands in our service areas by managing capital investments required for construction of facilities. We use third-partycontractors to construct our facilities as needed. We employ licensed water and wastewater operators to run our water and wastewater systems. As oursystems expand, we expect to hire additional personnel to operate our systems, which include water production, treatment, testing, storage, distribution,metering, billing, and operations management.
Our water and wastewater systems conjunctively use surface and groundwater supplies and storage of raw water and highly treated reclaimed watersupplies to provide a balanced sustainable water supply for our customers. Integrating conservation practices and incentives, together with effective waterreuse, demonstrates our commitment to providing environmentally responsible and sustainable water and wastewater services. Water supplies and waterstorage reservoirs are competitively sought throughout the west and along the Front Range of Colorado. We believe that regional cooperation among areawater providers in developing new water supplies, water storage, and transmission and distribution systems provides the most cost-effective way ofexpanding and enhancing service capacities for area water providers. We continue to seek opportunities for developing water supplies and water storageopportunities with other area water providers.
As we continue expanding and developing our Rangeview Water Supply, we anticipate needing a significant number of high-capacity deep water wells.These wells would be drilled into one or more of the three principal aquifers located beneath the Lowry Ranch, and, as with our current wells, the waterwould be delivered to central water treatment facilities for treatment prior to delivery to customers. Continued development of our Lowry Ranch surfacewater supplies will require facilities to divert surface water to storage reservoirs to be located on the Lowry Ranch, additional treatment facilities to treatthe water prior to introduction into our distribution system(s), and additional surface water diversion facilities designed with capacities to divert the surfacewater when available (particularly during seasonal events such as spring run-off and summer storms) for storage in reservoirs to be constructed on theLowry Ranch. We estimate the full build-out of water and wastewater facilities (including diversion structures, transmission pipelines, reservoirs, and watertreatment facilities) to develop and deliver our portfolio of water would cost in excess of $900 million, and would accommodate water service to customerslocated on and outside the Lowry Ranch. We believe this build out would occur in phases over many decades, and we believe tap fees would be sufficientto fund the required infrastructure costs.
Our Denver-based supplies are a valuable, locally available resource located near the point of use. This enables us to incrementally develop infrastructureto produce, treat and deliver water to customers based on their growing demands.
During fiscal 2025 and 2024, combined, we invested nearly $8.2 million in infrastructure, including wells, pipelines, appurtenances for the WISE and SkyRanch water and wastewater systems to provide water and wastewater services to our growing number of customers at Sky Ranch and elsewhere. Weexpect to continue to invest in water rights and facilities as our customer demands grow.
We continue developing our Sky Ranch property, including finishing lots for home builders, building additional water and wastewater infrastructure forresidential and commercial development at the property, and having homes constructed for our single-family home rental business. During the years endedAugust 31, 2025 and 2024, for Phase 2 we invested $21.7 million and $18.8 million in our Sky Ranch land which included $7.0 million and $5.7 million ofexpendable costs related to the delivery of finished lots and $15 million and $13.1 million of costs for public improvements which we expect to be repaidby the Sky Ranch CAB. Additionally, we spent approximately $0.1 million and $0.4 million on construction costs related to our single-family rentalbusiness. Phase 1 was our first project as a land developer and was done ahead of our original schedule and on budget. Phase 2A, which broke ground inFebruary 2021, incurred a total of $22.0 million of construction costs to deliver the lots (of which we estimate $18.2 million is for public improvements tobe repaid by the Sky Ranch CAB).  Phase 2B, which broke ground in March 2023, incurred a total of $18.5 million of construction costs to deliver the lots(of which we estimate $14.5 million is for public improvements to be repaid by the Sky Ranch CAB). Phase 2C, which broke ground in January 2024,incurred a total of $17.0 million of construction costs to deliver the lots (of which we estimate $15.9 million is for public improvements to be repaid by theSky Ranch CAB). During the years ended August 31, 2025 and 2024, we sold 179 and 69 water and wastewater taps at Sky Ranch to homebuilders,respectively, which generated $7.1 million and $2.6 million of tap fees. The Company sold an additional three and four water taps during the years endedAugust 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, which generated $0.2 million and $0.8 million. As of August 31, 2025, we have sold 956 water and wastewatertaps at Sky Ranch in Phases 1, 2A, 2B, and 2C. Based on current prices and engineering estimates, we believe Phase 2 of Sky Ranch will produceadditional tap fee revenue of $19.1 million in water and wastewater tap fee revenue and cash over the next three years.
Table of Contents
19
We currently have 14 rental home leases and our next five rentals, townhomes in Phase 2B, are in the finishing stages of construction and will be rented bythe end of calendar 2025.  We plan to build 76 additional rental homes over the next several years in Phases 2B-D. We anticipate building these homesconcurrently with construction of homes in Phase 2. The 14 homes constructed to date have an average construction cost of approximately $350,000 andhave a market value of more than $500,000 each.
We plan to develop additional water assets within the Denver area and are exploring opportunities to utilize our water assets in areas adjacent to ourexisting water supplies. Additionally, we continue to source additional land acquisitions that could be paired with our water to provide additional growth toeach of our business segments.
Growth in Colorado
Colorado continues to grow. According to the latest census report from 2021, Colorado added over 744,000 residents from 2010 to 2021, a growth of14.8%, bringing the Colorado population to nearly 5.8 million, which is projected to grow to more than 8.7 million by 2050. A Statewide Water SupplyInitiative report by the Colorado Water Conservation Board estimates that the South Platte River basin, which includes the Denver metropolitan region(and our Sky Ranch community), could require an additional 400,000 acre-feet of water by the year 2030 due to continued growth. What makes thisdifficult for land developers and builders is that Colorado law requires developers to demonstrate they have sufficient water supplies for their proposedprojects before zoning applications will be considered. This means cities, municipalities, developers and builders must demonstrate water availability priorto development. This indicates that water will continue to be critical to growth prospects for the region and the state, and that competition for availablesources of water will continue to intensify.
In recent years we have witnessed several changing consumer patterns, including residents leaving downtown urban areas to buy homes in the suburbs andwork remotely. This put our Sky Ranch community in the enviable position of being able to respond to this demand due to its great location, affordablehome prices, available inventory, and easy access to work centers and major transportation corridors. We believe our ability to pair our water to our landand our in-house expertise for operating our systems allowed us to provide home builders with an affordable and sustainable master planned communitythat allowed our builders to quickly satisfy the increased demand from home buyers. We believe our affordable community will continue to grow throughcyclical housing markets such as we experienced in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2025.
Growth in the Denver area has trended east with significant activity occurring along the I-70 corridor, an area which enjoys excellent transportationinfrastructure with I-70, rail access, and Denver International Airport (DIA). The region has significant employment centers, including DIA, the Universityof Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, an Amazon fulfillment center, the Rocky Mountain Regional VA Medical Center, Buckley Space Force Base, andmore, creating demand for residential, retail, and commercial development opportunities.
This tremendous growth, coupled with relatively low new and resale home inventories, along with a shift in lifestyle choices from home ownership torenting, has pushed the single-family rental market into double-digit growth. Although this market has existed for decades, the focus has shifted fromindividuals owning the units to commercial institutions buying large blocks of houses for rentals. The single-family rental space is now among the fastestgrowing segments in the U.S. housing market. Demand for rental units has been steadily increasing due to current demographic trends related to Gen-Yand baby boomers; however, migration patterns related to remote work have accelerated that demand. According to the 2021 census, single-family rentalsgrew by 31% from 2007 to 2016, compared to 14% for multifamily rentals over the same period. As the demand for more single-family rental propertiesgrows, an increasing number of larger investors are expanding their investment strategy to include the product. Recently, the single-family rental marketwas estimated at $3.4 trillion, compared to $3.5 trillion for the multifamily market, and institutional investors make up less than 2% of the marketcompared to 55% for the multifamily market. As more young families, families with children, and retirees look to rent single-family homes with yards andrecreational amenities on a long-term basis, more investors are looking to the single-family rental markets to expand their portfolios and grow their capital.
In addition to actively seeking to expand our land holdings for development purposes, we also market our water supplies and services to developers andhome builders that are active along the Colorado Front Range as well as other area water providers in need of additional supplies.
Colorado’s future water needs will be met through conservation, reuse, and the development of new supplies. The Rangeview District’s rules andregulations for water and wastewater service call for adherence to strict conservation measures, including low-flow water
Table of Contents
20
fixtures, high efficiency appliances, and advanced irrigation control devices. Additionally, our systems are designed and constructed using a dual-pipewater distribution system to segregate the delivery of high-quality potable drinking water to customers through one system and a second system to supplyraw or reclaimed water for irrigation demands in parks and open spaces. About one-half of the water used by a typical Denver-area residential watercustomer is used for outdoor landscape and lawn irrigation. We believe that raw or reclaimed water supplies provide the lowest cost, most environmentallysustainable water for outdoor irrigation. We expect our systems to include an extensive water reclamation systems in which essentially all effluent waterfrom wastewater treatment plants will be reused to meet non-potable outdoor irrigation water demands. Our dual-distribution systems demonstrate ourcommitment to environmentally responsible water management policies in our water-short region.
Labor and Raw Materials
We competitively bid contracts for infrastructure improvements (grading, utilities, roads, water, and wastewater infrastructure) at Sky Ranch. Many of ourcontractors enter fixed-price contracts where the contractor is at risk for cost overruns prior to completion of improvements. Under these fixed-pricecontracts, the contract prices are established in part based on fixed, firm subcontractor quotes on contracts and on cost and scheduling estimates. Thesequotes or estimates may be based on several assumptions, including assumptions about prices and availability of labor, equipment and materials, and otherissues. Increased costs or shortages of skilled labor, concrete, steel, pipe, and other materials could cause increases in development costs and delays. Theseshortages and delays may result in delays in the delivery of the lots under development or the completion of water or wastewater facilities, increase costsfor us or other contractors on our projects, reduce gross margins from sales, or subject us to penalties or defaults under our agreements. While we contractwith third parties for our labor and materials at a fixed price, which we believe allows us the ability to mitigate the risks associated with shortages of andincreases in the cost of labor and building materials, other unforeseen factors may arise which could increase our costs.
Water and Wastewater Services
We negotiate individual service agreements with our governmental customers and with their developers and/or home builders to design, construct andoperate water and wastewater systems and to provide services to end use customers of governmental entities and to commercial and industrial customers.These service agreements seek to address all aspects of the development of the water and wastewater systems, including:
(i) the purchase of water and wastewater taps in exchange for our obligation to construct certain wholesale facilities;(ii) the establishment of payment terms, timing, capacity, and location of special facilities (if any); and(iii)specific terms related to our provision of ongoing water and wastewater services to our local governmental customers as well as the governmentalentities’ end-use customers.
Although we have exclusive long-term water and wastewater service contracts for 24,000 acres of the Lowry Ranch, Wild Pointe, and Sky Ranch,providing water and wastewater service is subject to competition elsewhere. Alternate sources of water are available, principally from other private partiessuch as farmers or others owning water rights that have historically been used for agriculture, and from municipalities seeking to annex new developmentareas in order to increase their tax base. Our principal competition in areas close to the Lowry Ranch is the city of Aurora. Principal factors affectingcompetition for water service include the availability of water for the particular purpose, the cost of delivering the water to the desired location (includingthe cost of required taps), and the reliability of the water supply during drought periods, and the political climate for additional annexations. We estimatethat the water assets we own and have the exclusive right to use have a supply capacity of approximately 60,000 SFE units, and we believe that theyprovide us with a significant competitive advantage along the Front Range. Our legal rights to the Rangeview Water Supply have been confirmed formunicipal use, and our water supply is close to Denver area water users. We believe that our pricing structure is competitive and that our water portfolio iswell balanced among surface water rights, groundwater rights, storage capacity and reclaimed water supplies.
Land Development
Developing raw land is a highly competitive business, requires substantial upfront capital and typically requires many years to complete. There are manydevelopers, as well as properties and development projects, in the same geographic area in which Sky Ranch is located. Competition among developers andprojects is determined by the location of the real estate, the market appeal of the development plan, the cost and value of the end product, the developer’sability to build, market and deliver projects on a timely and cost effective basis, and the availability of water to serve the project. Residential developerssell to home builders, who in turn compete based on location, price/value, market segmentation, product design, and reputation. Commercial, retail, andindustrial developers sell to and/or compete
Table of Contents
21
with other developers, owners, and operators of real estate for a limited number of potential buyers. We believe we have exceeded the market’sexpectations with the delivery of our lots at Sky Ranch and have demonstrated the ability and expertise to continue to deliver lots in a large-scale masterplanned community.
Environmental, Health and Safety Regulation
Provision of water and wastewater services is subject to regulation under the federal Safe Drinking Water Act, the Clean Water Act, related state laws, andfederal and state regulations issued under these laws. These laws and regulations establish criteria and standards for drinking water and for wastewaterdischarges. In addition, we are subject to federal and state laws and other regulations relating to solid waste disposal and certain other aspects of ouroperations.
Environmental compliance issues may arise in the normal course of operations or because of regulatory changes. We attempt to align capital budgeting andexpenditures to address these issues in a timely manner.
Safe Drinking Water Act
The Safe Drinking Water Act establishes criteria and procedures for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to develop national quality standardsfor drinking water. Regulations issued pursuant to the Safe Drinking Water Act and its amendments set standards on the amount of certain microbial andchemical contaminants and radionuclides allowable in drinking water. The State of Colorado has assumed primary responsibility for enforcing thestandards established by the Safe Drinking Water Act and has adopted the Colorado Primary Drinking Water Standards (Code of Colorado Regulations 5CCR 1003-1). Current requirements for drinking water are not expected to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations as wehave made and are making investments to meet existing water quality standards. In the future, we might be required to change our method of treatingdrinking water and make additional capital investments if additional regulations become effective.
The federal Groundwater Rule became effective December 1, 2009. This rule requires additional testing of water from well sources and under certaincircumstances requires demonstration and maintenance of effective disinfection. In 2009, Colorado adopted Article 13 to the Colorado Primary DrinkingWater Standards to establish monitoring and compliance criteria for the Groundwater Rule.
Clean Water Act
The Clean Water Act regulates wastewater discharges from drinking water and wastewater treatment facilities and storm water discharges into lakes, rivers,streams, and wetlands. The State of Colorado has assumed primary responsibility for enforcing the standards established by the federal Clean Water Act forwastewater discharges from domestic water and wastewater treatment facilities and has adopted the Colorado Water Quality Control Act and relatedregulations, which also regulate discharges to groundwater. It is our policy to obtain and maintain all required permits and approvals for discharges fromour water and wastewater facilities and to comply with all conditions of those permits and other regulatory requirements. A program is in place to monitorfacilities for compliance with permitting, monitoring, and reporting for wastewater discharges. From time to time, discharge violations might occur whichmight result in fines and penalties, but we have no reason to believe that any such fines or penalties are pending or will be assessed.
Solid Waste Disposal
The handling and disposal of residuals and solid waste generated from water and wastewater treatment facilities is governed by federal and state laws andregulations. We have a program in place to monitor our facilities for compliance with regulatory requirements, and we do not anticipate that costsassociated with our handling and disposal of waste material from our water and wastewater operations will have a material impact on our business orfinancial condition.
Employees and Human Capital
As of August 31, 2025, we employed 44 full-time employees, and all are located in the USA. None of our employees are represented by a union or coveredby a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good.Approximately 41 percent are employed in our water and wastewater segment, approximately 34 percent are employed in our land development segmentand approximately 25 percent are employed for support and other functions.  We are committed to creating a strong team environment where employeesalways treat customers and each other with respect, and where each
Table of Contents
22
of us practices the basic principles of integrity, flexibility, honesty, trust, and stewardship: principles we believe go hand-in-hand with achieving success.
Compensation and Benefits Program
Our compensation program is designed to attract and reward talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our business objectives, assistin the achievement of our strategic goals and create long-term value for our shareholders. We provide employees with compensation packages that includebase salary, incentive bonuses, and long-term equity awards tied to the value of our stock price and other key performance indicators. We believe that acompensation program with both short-term and long-term awards provides fair and competitive compensation and aligns employee and shareholderinterests, including by incentivizing business and individual performance (pay for performance), motivating based on long-term Company performance andintegrating compensation with our business plans. In addition to cash and equity compensation, we also offer employees benefits such as fully or partiallypaid health insurance (medical, dental and vision), paid time off, paid sick leave, paid parental leave, paid bereavement time, and a 401(k) plan with aCompany match. 
Diversity and Inclusion
We believe that an equitable and inclusive environment with diverse teams produces more creative solutions, results in better, more innovative services andis crucial to our efforts to attract and retain key talent. We continue to focus on building a pipeline for talent to create more opportunities for workplacediversity and to support greater representation within Pure Cycle. We develop and encourage an inclusive culture through Company events, participation inour recruitment efforts, and input into our hiring strategies. Community Involvement
We aim to give back to the communities where we live and work and believe that this commitment helps in our efforts to attract and retain employees. Weoffer employees the opportunity to give back through volunteering or Company donations to approved causes. For more information on our diversity and inclusion and community involvement initiatives, please see our Sustainability Page and our Environmental,Social, and Governance (ESG) report on our website at www.purecyclewater.com.
Other Information
Pure Cycle was incorporated in Delaware in 1976 and reincorporated in Colorado in 2008.
Available Information and Website Address
Our website address is www.purecyclewater.com. We make available free of charge through our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, QuarterlyReports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to these reports as soon as reasonably practicable after filing with the Securitiesand Exchange Commission (SEC).
These reports and all other material we file with the SEC may be obtained directly from the SEC’s website,www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html, under CIK code 276720. The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference into thisreport.
Table of Contents
23
Item 1A – Risk Factors
The following section describes the material risks and uncertainties that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our business, financialcondition, results of operations, and the market price of our common stock. The risks discussed below include forward-looking statements.  Actual resultsmay differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. These risks should be read in conjunction with the other information setforth in this report, including the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
1.Risks Related to the Impacts the Economy and External Forces May Have on Our Operations
Our operations are concentrated in the Front Range area of Colorado; we are subject to general economic conditions in Colorado. Our assets andoperations are located solely in the Front Range area of Colorado. Our performance could be adversely affected by economic conditions in, and otherfactors relating to, Colorado, including supply and demand for housing and zoning and other regulatory conditions. To the extent that the general economicconditions in the Front Range area of Colorado deteriorate, the value of our assets, our results of operations and our financial condition could be materiallyadversely affected.
We are dependent on the housing market and development in our targeted service areas for future revenue. The homebuilding industry is cyclical anda deterioration in industry conditions or downward changes in general economic or other business conditions could adversely affect our business,results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Providing wholesale water service using our Colorado Front Range water supplies is one of ourkey sources of future revenue. The timing and amount of this revenue will depend in part on housing developments being built near our water assets. Thedevelopment of the Lowry Ranch, Sky Ranch and other properties is subject to many factors that are outside our control. If wholesale water sales are notforthcoming or development in our targeted service areas is delayed or curtailed, we may need to use our capital resources, incur additional short or long-term debt obligations, or seek to sell additional equity. We may not be successful in obtaining additional capital. Although there have been positive marketgains in the Colorado housing market in recent years, inflation and rising interest rates have caused slowdowns in the homebuilding industry. Theseeconomic concerns could have a significant negative impact on our business and financial condition and our plans for future development of additionalphases of Sky Ranch.
Although the Colorado economy has become increasingly diverse, the oil and gas industry remains an important segment of the Colorado economy. Newstatutes, regulations or other initiatives that would limit oil and gas exploration or increase the cost of exploration, as well as declines in the price of oil andgas, among other things, could lead to a downturn in the Colorado economy, including increased unemployment, which would likely have a negativeimpact on the housing market and our business and financial condition.
In addition, the residential homebuilding industry is cyclical and is highly sensitive to changes in general economic conditions such as levels ofemployment, consumer confidence and income, availability of mortgage financing for acquisitions, interest rate levels and inflation, cost and availability ofraw materials, among other factors. The residential housing market is impacted by federal and state personal income tax rates and provisions, andgovernment actions, policies, programs and regulations directed at or affecting the housing market, including the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the Dodd-FrankWall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, tax benefits associated with purchasing and owning a home, and the standards, fees and size limitsapplicable to the purchase or insuring of mortgage loans by government-sponsored enterprises and government agencies. In addition, changes inimmigration policy and enforcement and tariffs imposed on products used in the construction industry can increase construction cost and thereby reducedemand for new housing. Macroeconomic factors also affect demand. For example, from 2020 to 2022 housing starts as well as home prices in Coloradoincreased, but more recently, rising interest rates have reduced demand for new home starts. The current demand for new homes is subject to continueduncertainty due to many factors, and we could experience declines in the market value and demand for our lots and rental homes, any of which could havea material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
Tariffs, trade restrictions, and related supply chain disruptions could increase our costs, delay our projects, or reduce demand for our products andservices, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our development, construction, and wateroperations rely on materials and equipment that may be subject to U.S. and foreign tariffs, duties, quotas, sanctions, and similar trade barriers. Existing ornew measures—such as antidumping and countervailing duties, customs reclassifications, “Buy America”/local-content mandates, and retaliatory actions—can raise procurement costs, lengthen lead times, limit availability, or require alternative suppliers or redesigns, which may delay projects, compressmargins, or require additional capital. Tariffs and trade restrictions on our oil and gas customers and homebuilding partners may also indirectly reducedemand for our industrial water sales and for residential lots and related water and wastewater services. Additionally, frequent changes in trade policy
Table of Contents
24
create pricing uncertainty and may limit our ability to pass through cost increases, especially under fixed-price or capped contracts. Suppliers may imposesurcharges or assert force majeure tied to tariff shifts or shipping constraints, further increasing costs or causing schedule slippage. Prolonged or expandedtariffs, trade disputes, or sanctions regimes could materially raise construction and operating costs, delay or defer projects, reduce demand from keycustomer segments, and adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition.
Significant competition from other development projects could adversely affect our results. Land development is a highly competitive business. Thereare numerous land developers, as well as properties and development projects, in the same geographic area in which Sky Ranch is located. Many of ourland development competitors may have advantages over us, such as more favorable locations, which may provide more desirable schools and easieraccess to roads and shopping, or amenities that we may not offer, as well as greater financial resources. If other development projects are found to be moreattractive to home buyers, home builders or other developers or operators of real estate based on location, price, or other factors, then we may be pressuredto reduce our prices or delay further development, either of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows andfinancial condition. The single-family home rental market is also highly competitive. There are numerous companies and individuals that own rental homesin the Sky Ranch area which may have more experience than we do renting single-family homes, better locations, and better pricing. If we are unable torent the homes at rates that cover our costs or are unable to manage the properties and expenses incurred to manage the properties, the impact to ourbusiness, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be materially negative.
Our operations could be adversely impacted by increases in material, labor, supplier, logistics and other operating costs, or supply chain delays andshortages, which could cause lower margins or lost sales and adversely impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows,and component price volatility and availability, as well as supplier concentration. The market prices for certain materials and components we purchase,primarily steel and PVC piping, have been volatile. In addition, some supplies are subject to long lead times. Disruptions to the commercial transportationnetwork, including limited container and trucking capacity and port congestion, have increased supplier delivery times for materials to our facilities. Ourmargins and overall financial performance may be adversely affected by increases in our operating costs, such as material, labor, supplier costs, logisticsand energy costs, all of which may be subject to inflationary pressures resulting from increased tariffs, changes in supply and demand and other factors.Since the onset of COVID-19, we have seen operating costs trending upward, labor shortages, logistics disruptions, commodity cost increases andshortages, and overall increased demand in the land development and water business industries. In addition, some of our customers have experienced rawmaterial shortages. Any such shortages can in turn impact and delay our ability to service our customers. While we seek to mitigate any cost increases,labor impacts and supply chain delays and shortages, these efforts may not be successful, and we may experience adverse impacts due to such factors. Wecannot predict the extent of these current trends or other future increases in operating costs. To the extent such costs continue to increase, we may beprevented, in whole or in part, from passing such cost increases through to our existing and prospective customers, or our customers may seek othercompetitive sources due to supply chain delays, which could have a material adverse impact on our margins, business, financial position, results ofoperations and cash flows.
Our water business is subject to seasonal fluctuations and weather conditions that could affect demand for our water service and our revenue and thatcould become more extreme with climate change. We depend on an adequate water supply to meet the present and future demands of our customers andtheir end-use customers and to continue our expansion efforts. Conditions beyond our control may interfere with our water supply sources. Drought andoveruse may limit the availability of water, and such droughts may become more frequent and prolonged with climate change. These factors mightadversely affect our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers, and our revenue and earnings may be adversely affected by any supplyissues. Additionally, cool, and wet weather, as well as drought restrictions and our customers’ conservation efforts, may reduce consumption demands,adversely affecting our revenue and earnings. Furthermore, freezing weather may contribute to water transmission interruptions caused by pipe breakage. Ifwe experience an interruption in our water supply, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Demand forour water during the warmer months is generally greater than during cooler months due primarily to additional requirements for water in connection withcooling systems, irrigation systems and other outside water use. Throughout the year, and particularly during typically warmer months, demand will varywith temperature and rainfall levels. If temperatures during the typically warmer months are cooler than expected or there is more rainfall than expected,the demand for our water may decrease and adversely affect our revenue.
The physical impacts of natural disasters and severe weather conditions could reduce consumer demand for housing, result in service disruptions,delay the closing of the sale of residential lots at Sky Ranch and increase our costs, any of which could harm our sales and results of operations. Weconduct our operations in the Colorado Front Range, which is subject to natural disasters, including droughts, tornadoes, wildland fires, and severeweather. The occurrence of natural disasters or severe weather conditions in Colorado or
Table of Contents
25
elsewhere could result in interruptions in our water and wastewater operations, delay our construction activities, increase costs, and lead to shortages oflabor and materials. Moreover, such extreme weather conditions and natural disasters are likely to increase in frequency and intensity as a result ofprojected unabated climate change. If our insurance or the insurance of our subcontractors does not fully cover business interruptions or losses resultingfrom these events, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
2. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations
We may not generate sufficient cash flows from operations or other capital resources to pursue our business objectives. While we have generated netincome in the past several years, prior to that we had a history of losses. Our cash flows from operations generally have not been sufficient to fund ouroperations, and we have been required to raise debt and equity capital and sell assets to remain in operation. Since 2004, we have raised over $76.0 millionthrough (i) the issuance of more than $25.0 million of common stock (including the issuance of stock pursuant to the exercise of options, net of expenses),(ii) the issuance of $5.2 million of convertible debt, which was converted to common stock on January 11, 2011, and (iii) the sale of our Arkansas Riverwater and land for $45.8 million in cash. Our continuing development of Sky Ranch requires significant cash expenditures. We have advanced the SkyRanch CAB $85.6 million for construction of public improvements in Phases 1 and 2 at Sky Ranch and expect to advance approximately another $23.5million for the completion of Phase 2 public improvements. The Sky Ranch CAB is not required to repay us for advances made or expenses incurred forimprovements at Sky Ranch unless and until the Sky Ranch CAB and/or Sky Ranch Districts generate sufficient funds from either tax revenue, fees or byissuing bonds in an amount sufficient to reimburse us for all or a portion of advances made or expenses incurred. We have funded and expect to continue tofund such expenditures with cash on hand and cash flows from operations. As of August 31, 2025, we had $22 million of cash on hand. If our cash on handand future cash flows from operations are not sufficient to fund our operations and the significant capital expenditure requirements to continue to developSky Ranch, we may be forced to seek additional debt or equity capital. Economic conditions and disruptions have previously caused substantial volatilityin capital markets, including credit markets and the banking industry, increasing the cost, and significantly reducing the availability of financing, whichmay reoccur in the future. There can be no assurance that financing will be available on acceptable terms or at all.
We may not be able to manage the increasing demands of our expanded operations. We have historically depended on a limited number of employees toadminister our operations, interface with governmental entities, market our services, and plan and implement the construction and development of ourassets. The execution of contracts for lot sales and the continued development of Sky Ranch, including our single-family home rental business, and theexpansion and maintenance of our water and wastewater systems, have increased the size and complexity of our business. The success of our currentbusiness and future business development and our ability to capitalize on growth opportunities depends on our ability to attract and retain additionalexperienced and qualified persons to operate and manage our business. We may not be able to maximize the value of our assets if we are unable to attractand retain qualified personnel and to manage the demands of our growing workforce. State regulations set the training, experience and qualificationstandards required for our employees to operate specific water and wastewater facilities. Failure to find state-certified and qualified employees to supportthe operation of our facilities could put us at risk for, among other things, regulatory penalties (including fines and suspension of operations), operationalerrors at the facilities, improper billing, and collection processes, claims for personal injury and property damage, and loss of contracts and revenue. Wemay be unsuccessful in managing our operations and growth.
The rates that the Rangeview District is allowed to charge customers on the Lowry Ranch for water services are limited by the Lease with the LandBoard and our contract with the Rangeview District and may not be sufficient to cover our costs of construction and operation. The prices charged bythe Rangeview District for water service on the Lowry Ranch are subject to pricing regulations set forth in the Lease with the Land Board. Both the tapfees and usage rates and charges are capped at the average of the rates of three nearby water providers. Annually, the Rangeview District surveys the tapfees and rates of the three nearby providers, and the Rangeview District may adjust tap fees and rates and charges for water service on the Lowry Ranchbased on the average of those charged by this group. We receive 100% of tap fees and 98% of water usage fees charged by the Rangeview District to itscustomers after the deduction of royalties owed to the Land Board. Our costs associated with the construction of water systems and the production,treatment and delivery of water are subject to market conditions and other factors, which may increase at a significantly higher rate than that of the fees wereceive from the Rangeview District. Factors beyond our control and which cannot be predicted, such as government regulations, tariffs and other charges,changs in insurance and labor markets, drought, water contamination and severe weather conditions may result in additional labor and material costs thatmay not be recoverable under the current rate structure. Both increased customer demand and increased water conservation may also impact the overallcost of our operations. If the costs for construction and operation of our wholesale water services, including the cost of extracting our groundwater, exceedour revenue, we would be providing water service to the Rangeview District for use at the Lowry Ranch at a loss. The Rangeview District may petition theLand Board for rate increases; however, there can be no assurance that the Land Board would approve a rate increase request. Further, even if a rateincrease were
Table of Contents
26
approved, it might not be granted in a timely manner or in an amount sufficient to cover the expenses for which the rate increase was sought.
A significant portion of our water supplies come from non-renewable aquifers and inadequate water and wastewater supplies could have a materialadverse effect on us. A significant portion of our water supplies comes from non-renewable Denver Basin aquifers. The State of Colorado regulatesdevelopment and withdrawal of water from the Denver Basin aquifers to a rate of 1 percent of the aggregate amount of water determined to be in storageeach year, which means our supply should last approximately 100 years even if no efforts were made to conserve or recharge the supply. Nonetheless, wemay need to seek additional water supplies to prove our supply can last for 300 years as our non-renewable supplies are depleted. While the acquisition ofWISE and Lost Creek water mitigates some of the risk of owning non-renewable supplies, if we are unable to obtain sufficient replacement supplies, itwould have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. Additionally, the cost of developing and withdrawing water from theaquifers is expected to increase over time, and we may not be able to recover the increased costs through our rates and charges.
In many areas of Colorado, water supplies are limited, and in some cases, current usage rates exceed sustainable levels for certain water resources. We donot currently anticipate any short-term concerns with physical, legal, or continuous availability issues in our service areas. Insufficient availability of wateror wastewater treatment capacity could materially and adversely affect our ability to provide for expected customer growth necessary to increase revenue.We continuously look for new sources of water to augment our reserves in our service areas, but our ability to obtain such rights may depend on factorsbeyond our control. We may not be able to obtain sufficient water or water supplies to increase customer growth as needed to increase or maintain ourrevenues. Also, increased costs to develop water from aquifers could have a significant negative impact on our business, results of operations, cash flowsand financial condition.
To utilize our water resources as intended, we may need to apply for a change of use with the water court from time to time. This may take several yearsto complete, and there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain a favorable ruling, which may adversely impact our business and financialcondition.  Water resources that have been historically used for purposes other than municipal and industrial uses or that have been used in other locations,such as our Lost Creek Water, require a favorable change of use ruling by the water court in order for us to use the water as planned. A change of use rulingby the water court could take several years and be a costly and contentious effort since it is anticipated that many parties will oppose the change of use andthe transfer of the water. There are several conditions which must be satisfied prior to our receiving a change of use decree. One condition that we mustsatisfy is a showing of anti-speculation in which we, as the applicant, must demonstrate that we have contractual obligations to provide water service tocustomers prior to the water court ruling on the transfer of a water right. The water court is also expected to limit the transfer to the “consumptive use”portion of the water right and to address changing the historic use of the water from agricultural uses to other uses such as municipal and industrial use. Weexpect to face opposition to any consumptive use calculations of the historic agricultural uses of this water. The water court may impose conditions on ourtransfer of the water rights such as requiring us to mitigate the loss of the farming tax base, imposing re-vegetation requirements to convert soils fromirrigated to non-irrigated, imposing water quality measures, and imposing limitations on the timing and location of transfers to mitigate the effect of thetransfer on other affected users. Any such conditions, including a change of use ruling that precludes us from using the water resource as intended, wouldlikely increase the cost of transferring the water rights or require us to develop alternative plans or water resources, which could result in substantial delaysor expense which may adversely impact our business and financial condition.
A failure of the water wells or distribution networks we own or control could result in losses and damages that may affect our business and financialcondition. We distribute water through a network of pipelines and store water in storage tanks and ponds. A failure of these pipelines, tanks or ponds couldresult in injuries and damage to property for which we may be responsible, in whole or in part. The failure of these pipelines, tanks, or ponds may alsoresult in the need to shut down some facilities or parts of our water distribution network to conduct repairs. Such failures or shutdowns may limit ourability to supply water to our customers and to meet the water delivery requirements prescribed by our contracts, which could adversely affect ourbusiness, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Any business interruption or other losses might not be covered by insurance policies orbe recoverable through rates and charges, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance in the future at acceptable rates.
Development on the Lowry Ranch is not within our control and is subject to obstacles. Development on the Lowry Ranch is controlled by the LandBoard, which is governed by a five-person citizen board of commissioners, each appointed for a four-year term by the Colorado governor and approved bythe Colorado Senate. The Land Board’s focus with respect to issues such as development and conservation on the Lowry Ranch tends to change asmembership on the Land Board changes. In addition, there are often significant delays in the adoption and implementation of plans with respect to propertyadministered by the Land Board because the process involves many constituencies with diverse interests. In the event water sales are not forthcoming ordevelopment of the Lowry Ranch is delayed
Table of Contents
27
or abandoned, we may need to use our capital resources, incur additional short or long-term debt obligations, or seek to sell additional equity. We may nothave sufficient capital resources or be successful in obtaining additional operating capital.
Because of the prior use of the Lowry Ranch as a military facility, environmental clean-up may be required prior to development, including the removal ofunexploded ordnance. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has been conducting unexploded ordnance removal activities at the Lowry Ranch for more than30 years. Continued activities are dependent on federal appropriations, and the Army Corps of Engineers has no assurance from year to year of suchappropriations for its activities at the Lowry Ranch.
Dependence on third-party utilities for power and gas could delay our projects, increase costs, and adversely affect our results of operations andfinancial condition. Our development timelines and delivery of finished lots to national homebuilders depend on timely availability of electric and naturalgas service from third-party utilities, including Xcel Energy and other providers. If these utilities are unable or unwilling to extend service when needed—due to permitting or siting delays, labor or equipment shortages, capacity constraints, storm or wildfire response priorities, regulatory proceedings, supplychain disruptions, interconnection backlogs, or changes in their construction schedules or investment plans—we may be forced to delay or resequencephases at Sky Ranch and other projects. Such delays can increase carrying and construction costs; postpone lot closings, water and wastewater servicerevenues, and rental home lease-up; and strain builder relationships. In addition, utility design changes, cost allocations, or line extension rules can increaseoff-site or on-site infrastructure costs beyond our estimates, and we may be unable to recover those increases through pricing. Prolonged or repeated utilityservice delays or cost escalations could materially and adversely affect our development activities, cash flows, results of operations, and financialcondition.
We have limited experience with the development of real property. While we have extensive experience designing and constructing water and wastewaterfacilities and maintaining and operating these facilities, despite having completed Phase 1 and 2A, as well as a substantial amount of Phases 2B through 2Eat Sky Ranch, we have less experience developing real property. We may underestimate the capital expenditures required to complete the development ofSky Ranch, including the costs of certain infrastructure improvements and construction costs related to our single-family home rental business. We havelimited experience managing property development and construction activities, including the permitting and other approvals required, which may result indelays in completing Sky Ranch. Furthermore, construction and funding of a new interchange on I-70 may delay the issuance of permits beyond Phase 2.
The funds we are advancing to the Sky Ranch CAB for construction of public improvements might not be repaid, which would negatively impact ourincome, gross margin on selling lots, and cash flows. Since the start of development at Sky Ranch, we have advanced the Sky Ranch CAB $85.6 millionfor construction of public improvements and expect to fund an additional estimated $23.5 million to complete the buildout of public improvements inPhase 2. At August 31, 2025, of the amounts advanced to the Sky Ranch CAB, $43.8 million has not been repaid, including interest and projectmanagement fees. We expect that these amounts will be repaid by the Sky Ranch CAB but cannot guarantee that repayment will occur. No payment isrequired by the Sky Ranch CAB with respect to construction of public improvements unless and until the Sky Ranch CAB and/or the Sky Ranch Districtshave generated funds from property taxes, fee, or the issuance of municipal bonds in an amount sufficient to reimburse the Company for all or a portion ofadvances provided or expenses incurred for reimbursables. The ability and obligation of the Sky Ranch CAB to reimburse us is dependent on sufficienthome sales and commercial development occurring at Sky Ranch to create a tax base that would enable the Sky Ranch CAB to issue bonds to pay for theimprovements. If development at Sky Ranch is delayed or curtailed for any reason, including regulatory restrictions, a downturn in the economy or defaultby one or more of the builders at Sky Ranch, the Sky Ranch CAB may not have sufficient revenues to issue bonds.
Supply shortages and risks related to the demand for skilled labor and building materials could increase costs and delay closings. The propertydevelopment and home construction industries are highly competitive for skilled labor and materials. Labor shortages throughout the Unites Statesincluding the Colorado Front Range have become more acute in recent years as the supply chain adjusts to uneven industry growth. Increased costs orshortages of skilled labor and/or concrete, steel, pipe, lumber, and other materials could cause increases in property development and home constructioncosts and delays, including in our single-family home rental business. We are unable to pass on increases in property development costs to home builderswith whom we have already entered purchase and sale contracts for residential lots, at fixed prices, which were signed well in advance of development.Sustained increases in development and construction costs may, over time, erode our margins. Our ability to build new rental homes, even though weoutsource the construction, may be adversely affected by circumstances beyond our control, including: work stoppages, labor disputes, and shortages ofqualified trades people, such as carpenters, roofers, masons, electricians, and plumbers; changes in laws and regulations relating to union organizingactivity, immigration, tariffs or other matters; lack of availability of adequate utility or infrastructure and services; our need to rely on local subcontractorswho may not be adequately capitalized or insured or may not, despite our quality control efforts,
Table of Contents
28
engage in proper construction practices or comply with applicable regulations; inadequacies in components purchased from building supply companies;and shortages or delays in availability, or fluctuations in prices of building materials. Any of these circumstances could give rise to delays in the start orcompletion of, or could increase the cost of, constructing new rental homes.
We may purchase additional land parcels for development or other purposes, thereby exposing us to certain financial risks. We may purchase additionalland parcels for development, construction, or other purposes. As noted above, land development and construction require significant cash expendituresbefore positive cash flows can be generated from the sale of lots, rental of homes, and water and wastewater tap fees. If there is considerable lag timebetween when we acquire the land and when we begin selling finished lots or renting homes, we may generate significant operating losses. In addition, ifsales of homes on the finished lots are delayed or renters cannot be found in a timely manner, our revenue from water and wastewater resourcedevelopment services will be delayed. If our cash on hand and future cash flows from operations are not sufficient to fund our operations and thesignificant capital expenditures required to develop any acquired land, construct housing and build water and wastewater systems, we may be forced toseek to obtain additional debt or equity capital. There can be no assurance that financing will be available on acceptable terms or at all.
Delays in property development may extend the time it takes us to recover our property development costs and delay our revenue from water andwastewater resource development services. We incur many costs, such as the costs of preparing land, finishing and entitling lots, installing roads, sewers,water systems and other utilities, taxes and other costs related to ownership of the land and/or developing lots on behalf of builders who purchase the land,before we close on the sale of finished lots to home builders. If the rate at which we develop residential lots slows, we may incur additional costs, and itmay take longer for us to recover our costs. In addition, if sales of homes on the finished lots are delayed, or we are unable to find renters in a timelymanner, our revenue from water and wastewater resource development services will be delayed. A significant downturn in the housing market could causeour builders to delay building homes on their lots until market conditions improve, and could result in us not renting our single-family rentals for rates thatprovide a sufficient return. Builders with contracts that do not require them to purchase a lot until we deliver a finished, ready-to-build lot could walk awayfrom the contract prior to closing without consequence other than the forfeiture of their upfront deposits for the lot, utilities and other improvements. If abuilder elected to walk away without cause, we would be entitled to keep these deposits as liquidated damages, but the deposits would not be sufficient tocover the expenses we expect to incur to finish the lots for delivery. We would not be able to recover our costs until we were able to sell the finished lots toanother builder. If the original builder did not go through with the closing due to a poor housing market, we would likely have difficulty finding anotherbuyer for the same reason. For our single-family rental homes, we incur the costs to construct the home, for which we currently have funding in place, butthere are no assurances that funding will remain in place for future growth. The costs of construction of the single-family rentals are anticipated to be paidfor over time by the rental income, but we may not be able to rent the homes for amounts sufficient to cover these costs.
Fluctuations in real property values may require us to write-down the book value of our land interests. The land development industry is subject tosignificant variability and fluctuations in real property values. As a result, we may be required to write down the value of our Sky Ranch, single-familyhome rentals, or other land interests in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and some of those write-downs could be material. Any material write-downs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Weassess our land interests when indicators of impairment exist. Indicators of impairment include a decrease in demand for housing due to soft marketconditions; competitive pricing pressures that reduce the average sales price of finished lots; sales absorption rates below management expectations; adecrease in the value of homes or the underlying land due to general market conditions, actual or perceived risks due to proximity to oil and gas drillingoperations, or other reasons; and a decrease in projected cash flows for a project.
Our land development segment may be subject to risks related to oil and gas operations in the vicinity of our Sky Ranch development, which could havean adverse impact on the marketability and/or value of our Sky Ranch property. We have leased the minerals underlying Sky Ranch to a majorexploration and production company, which may limit the location of development on the land. Oil and gas extraction is an inherently dangerous activitythat can potentially lead to air and water contamination, fire, explosion, subsidence, and other hazards. While the State of Colorado, local governments, andprivate operators have regulations and procedures in place intended to mitigate these risks, there can be no assurances that these safeguards will beeffective in all cases with respect to any oil and gas activity around Sky Ranch. The existence of oil and gas wells and drilling activity in or near ourproperty and public concern regarding the negative health impacts from emissions near drilling and hydraulic fracturing sites may adversely impact themarketability and/or value of the lots at Sky Ranch and decrease demand for homes in proximity to oil and gas operations, negatively impacting our landdevelopment segment, which could also negatively impact our business and financial condition.
Table of Contents
29
Our single-family home development activities expose us to additional operational and real estate risks, which may adversely affect our financialcondition and operating results. In 2021, we launched a new division that involves the construction of single-family homes to be used for rental purposes.We had no previous track record of building or maintaining homes for rent. Rental home construction can involve substantial up-front costs before a homeis available for rent and generates income. In addition to the up-front costs, building rental homes involves potentially significant new risks to our business,such as delays or cost increases due to changes in or failure to meet regulatory requirements, including permitting and zoning regulations, failure of leaserentals on newly-constructed properties to achieve anticipated investment returns, inclement weather, adverse site selection, unforeseen site conditions,construction materials and labor and other risks described below. We may be unable to achieve our objective of building new rental homes that generateacceptable returns and, as a result, our growth and results of operations may be adversely impacted.
We will depend on our tenants for all of our rental home revenue. Poor tenant selection and defaults and nonrenewal by our tenants may adverselyaffect our reputation and financial performance. We are dependent on rental income from tenants for all of our rental home revenue. As a result, thesuccess of this division depends in large part upon our ability to attract and retain qualified tenants for our properties. Our reputation and financialperformance would be adversely affected if a significant number of our tenants fail to meet their lease obligations or fail to renew their leases. Forexample, tenants may default on rent payments, make unreasonable and repeated demands for service or improvements, make unsupported or unjustifiedcomplaints to regulatory or political authorities, use our properties for illegal purposes, damage or make unauthorized structural changes to our propertiesthat are not covered by security deposits, refuse to leave the property upon termination of the lease, engage in domestic violence or similar disturbances,disturb nearby residents with noise, trash, odors or eyesores, fail to comply with local regulations, sublet to less desirable individuals in violation of ourlease or permit unauthorized persons to live with them. Damage to our properties may delay re-leasing after eviction, necessitate expensive repairs orimpair the rental income or value of the property resulting in a lower than expected rate of return. Increases in unemployment levels and other adversechanges in the economic conditions in our market could result in substantial tenant defaults.
Our planned lease terms could require us to re-lease our properties frequently, which we may be unable to do on attractive terms, on a timely basis orat all. We anticipate substantially all of our leases having a duration of one year. As these leases will permit tenants to leave at the end of the lease termwithout penalty, we anticipate our rental revenue may be affected by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. Annualleases may result in high turnover, which involves costs such as restoring the properties, marketing costs and lower occupancy levels. Our tenant turnoverrate and related cost estimates may be less accurate than if we had more operating data upon which to base such estimates. Moreover, there are noassurances that our leases will be renewed on equal or better terms or at all. If our tenants do not renew their leases or the rental rates for our propertiesdecrease, our operating results could be adversely affected.
Tenant relief laws, including laws restricting evictions and other regulations could limit our ability to evict bad tenants, and this may negatively impactour rental income and profitability. Landlords of numerous properties may be involved in evicting tenants who are not paying their rent or are otherwisein material violation of the terms of their lease from time to time. Eviction activities impose legal and managerial expenses that would raise our costs. Theeviction process is typically subject to legal barriers, mandatory “cure” policies and other sources of expense and delay, each of which may delay ourability to gain possession and stabilize the property.
It would be difficult for us to quickly generate cash from sales of our properties. Real estate investments, particularly large portfolios of properties, are
relatively illiquid. If we had a sudden need for significant cash, it would be difficult for us to fund such need quickly through a sale of our rental properties.
Products supplied to us and work done by subcontractors can expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business. We rely on subcontractors toperform the property development, including the construction of our single-family rental homes, and in many cases, to select and obtain building materials.Subcontractors may use improper construction processes or defective materials. Defective products can result in the need to perform extensive repairs. Thecost of complying with our warranty obligations may be significant if we are unable to recover the cost of repairs from subcontractors, materials suppliersand insurers.
3. Risks Related to Legal, Regulatory, and Environmental, Health and Safety Matters
Government regulations and legal challenges may delay the closing of the sale of our residential lots, increase our expenses or limit other activities,which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. The approval of numerous governmental authorities must be obtained in connectionwith both our water and wastewater projects and our land development activities, and these governmental
Table of Contents
30
authorities often have broad discretion in exercising their approval authority. We incur substantial costs related to compliance with legal and regulatoryrequirements. Any increase in legal and regulatory requirements may cause us to incur substantial additional costs. Various local, state and federal statutes,ordinances, rules and regulations concerning health and safety, site and building design, environmental, zoning, and similar matters apply to and/or affectthe construction and operation of our water and wastewater systems and our land development activities. For example, as detailed further below, theCECMC adopted regulations that took effect in 2021 which implement SB 19-181 by imposing minimum distances between new oil and gas drillingoperations and residences, schools, and childcare centers. SB 19-181 also empowers local governments to enact regulations that are stricter than staterequirements pertaining to the surface impacts of oil and gas operations. Thus, local zoning or other regulations may seek to create stricter setbacks fromoil and gas drilling operations or impose other restrictions on the use of land. Several local governments in Colorado have adopted their own oil and gasregulatory requirements and setbacks. For example, Arapahoe County adopted oil and gas regulations in November 2021 and amended those regulations in2023 to include, among other things, a one-mile setback from existing and planned reservoirs, subject to certain exceptions that may allow a 2,000-footsetback. That 2,000-foot minimum setback was once again amended in November 2023, requiring the setback from an occupied structure to be at 3,000feet, allowing for a setback of not less than 1,000 feet through variance procedures, and increasing the setback to 3,000 feet for well pad sites that arehydrologically separated from existing and planned reservoirs, permitting a setback of 2,000 feet if approved through a Use by Special Review process. InDecember 2024, Arapahoe County adopted additional oil and gas regulations that require, among other things, increased setbacks, financial assurance forwells, certain air quality monitoring at facilities, and a requirement that drilling and permanent production equipment be operated with electric equipmentand power where available. Similarly, in 2021, Adams County adopted a rule requiring oil and gas facilities to be set back 2,000 feet from residences,schools, and certain waterbodies. As these state and local setback regulations are implemented, and to the extent that additional regulations are enacted, thevalue of the land that we already own or the availability of land that we are looking to acquire may decline, either of which may adversely impact thefinancial position, results of operations and cash flows of our business. In addition, our ability to obtain or renew permits or approvals and the continuedeffectiveness of permits already granted or approvals already obtained depends on factors beyond our control, such as changes in federal, state, and localpolicies, rules and regulations and their interpretations and application. Furthermore, we are subject to various fees and charges of government authoritiesdesigned to defray the cost of providing certain governmental services and improvements. For example, local and state governments have broad discretionregarding the imposition of development fees for projects under their jurisdictions, as well as requiring concessions or that the property developer and/orhome builder construct certain improvements to public places such as parks and streets or fund schools. New building code energy laws and regulationsmay also adversely impact our costs of construction. For example, the Colorado Energy Office published in September 2025 its Model Low Energy andCarbon Code, required by HB 22-1362. The Model Low Energy and Carbon Code becomes Colorado’s new minimum energy code on July 1, 2026. Anynew municipality or county that updates any of its building codes after that date must adopt the model code, or a code that will achieve greater energyefficiency and pollution reductions. Further, HB 23-1161 establishes water and energy efficiency standards for a range of appliances, which could impactappliance costs and, relatedly, costs for finishing new buildings. HB 23-1233 requires the adoption of regulations to wire multifamily buildings to be solar-ready and electric vehicle-ready, which could negatively impact our costs.
Municipalities or state water agencies may restrict or place moratoriums on the availability of utilities, such as water and sewer taps, which could have anadverse effect on our business by causing delays or increasing our costs.
We must provide water that meets all federal and state regulatory water quality standards and operate our water and wastewater facilities in accordancewith these standards. Changes in regulations governing the supply of drinking water and treatment of wastewater may have a material adverse impact onour business. For example, on October 18, 2021, the Biden Administration announced a multi-agency, three-year strategy to begin addressing per-andpolyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), known as “forever chemicals.” As a part of ongoing efforts to implement that initiative, the EPA: (i) finalized a rule inDecember 2021 pertaining to monitoring of PFAS in drinking water; (ii) issued a final rule in April 2024 to establish regulatory levels for PFOA, PFOS,PFNA, PFHxS, PFBS, and GenX chemicals in drinking water; (iii) issued a final rule in May 2024 to designate two of the most widely used PFAS – PFOAand PFOS – as hazardous substances under CERCLA, or Superfund; (iv) announced a proposed rule in February 2024 to add nine specific PFASsubstances, their salts, and their structural isomers to its list of hazardous constituents under RCRA; (v) issued numerous notices concerning the addition ofcertain PFAS substances to the Toxics Release Inventory; and (vi) expects to develop additional rules restricting PFAS discharges from industrial sources.On May 14, 2025, however, EPA announced the agency will keep the current National Primary Drinking Water Regulations (NPDWR) for PFOA andPFOS. As part of this action, EPA also announced its intent to extend the PFOA and PFOS Maximum Contaminant Level compliance deadlines andestablish a federal exemption framework. Additionally, EPA announced its intent to rescind the regulations and reconsider the regulatory determinations forPFHxS, PFNA, HFPO-DA (commonly known as GenX), and the Hazard Index mixture of these three PFAS plus PFBS to ensure the determinations andany resulting drinking water
Table of Contents
31
regulation follow the Safe Drinking Water Act process. Any new regulatory initiatives addressing PFAS in drinking water could impact the water side ofour business.
With respect to service of customers on the Lowry Ranch, the Rangeview District’s rates might not be sufficient to cover the cost of compliance withadditional or more stringent requirements, or we may be required to reserve more water than necessary for use on the Lowry Ranch to ensure the properlevel of service to Lowry Ranch customers. If the cost of compliance were to increase, we anticipate that the rates of the nearby water providers that theRangeview District uses to establish its rates and charges would increase to reflect these cost increases, thereby allowing the Rangeview District to increaseits rates and charges. However, these water providers may not raise their rates in an amount that would be sufficient to enable the Rangeview District (andus) to cover any increased compliance costs.
Changes in other environmental laws may also affect, for example, how we manage storm water runoff, wastewater discharges and dust; how we developor operate on properties on or affecting resources such as wetlands, endangered species, cultural resources, or areas subject to preservation laws; and howwe address contamination. With respect to wetlands, the U.S. Supreme Court’s 2023 decision in Sackett v. Environmental Protection Agency narrowedfederal jurisdiction over wetlands under the Clean Water Act and related permitting requirements, which could simplify our permitting requirements forbuilding near some wetlands. Since the Sackett decision, various challenges have continued in federal courts in an effort to further clarify the scope offederal jurisdiction. Indeed, Colorado passed HB 24-1379, requiring the Water Quality Control Commission (WQCC) to establish requirements,prohibitions, and standards for the regulation of discharged dredge and fill materials into state waters, including wetlands, and administering a state dredgeand fill discharge authorization program, expected to be established by 2026. The WQCC is currently scheduled for a hearing in December 2025 to adoptthese new regulations per HB 24-1379. It is expected that further clarifications and changes may arise through implementing federal regulations, additionallitigation over application of the Court’s decision, and/or state laws and regulations.
Government agencies may initiate audits, reviews, or investigations of our business practices to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations,which can cause us to incur costs or create other disruptions in our business that can be significant. Further, we may experience delays and increasedexpenses because of legal challenges to our proposed development activities, whether brought by governmental authorities or private parties. In addition,tariffs imposed by the United States on imported steel could increase our property development costs. It is possible that new standards could be imposedthat will require additional capital expenditures or raise our operating costs. With respect to service of customers on the Lowry Ranch, the RangeviewDistrict’s rates might not be sufficient to cover the cost of compliance with new requirements. Although we would expect the rates of the nearby waterproviders that the Rangeview District uses to establish its rates and charges to increase to cover increased compliance costs, such rates may not cover allour costs and our costs of complying with new standards or laws could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Ournoncompliance with environmental laws could result in fines and penalties, obligations to remediate, permit revocations and other sanctions.
Laws and regulations related to climate change, greenhouse gases, and energy may adversely affect us by directly and indirectly increasing the cost ofor restricting our planned future growth activities. A variety of state legislation, regulations, and policies have been enacted in recent years relating toenergy, climate change, greenhouse gas emissions reporting and controls, land use, and energy efficient building codes,  in addition to the numerous above-discussed state and federal laws and regulations adopted in the past year regulating the siting of, emissions from, and chemicals used in oil and gasproduction. For example and as mentioned above, HB 22-1362 requires energy efficient and low carbon building codes to be adopted by the state and localgovernments by 2025 and 2026, respectively. Additionally, HB 23-1233 requires multifamily buildings to be solar-ready and electric vehicle-ready. Ourfuture housing development costs and the cost of operating and maintaining our multifamily housing developments could be negatively impacted by HB22-1362, and HB 23-1233, in conjunction with HB 23-1161 (appliance efficiency standards) and earlier enacted efficiency standards for appliances,plumbing fixtures, and buildings (e.g., HB 19-1231, HB 19-1260).
Colorado has also enacted ambitious GHG reduction targets, initially with HB 19-1261 and recently made yet more stringent with SB 23-016, which aimsto reduce the state’s overall greenhouse gas emissions 100% below 2005 levels by 2050 and includes a series of interim targets. These legislated targetscould lead to additional regulation impacting the housing development, water, and oil and gas industries in the future, which could increase our costs.There are also ongoing efforts to implement these greenhouse gas targets, other bills (e.g., HB 19-096, requiring GHG emissions reporting by certainentities pursuant to AQCC regulations; SB 23-1210, requiring the Colorado Energy Office to create a “carbon management roadmap”), and the ColoradoGovernor’s Colorado Greenhouse Gas Pollution Reduction Roadmap (first released in 2021, and updated in 2024) identifying strategies to reducegreenhouse gas emissions from a variety of sources, including buildings, transportation, and oil and gas mining and production. For example, pursuant to19-096, the AQCC adopted and updated its Air Regulation Number 22 and Regulation Number 7 requiring monitoring, reporting, and reduction of
Table of Contents
32
GHGs and ozone precursors from certain categories of emitters, such as industrial wastewater treatment facilities and oil and gas operators.
As climate change concerns continue to grow, enactment of additional climate and energy legislation and regulations at the state, local, and federal levelsmay continue, and compliance with legislation and regulations of this nature is expected to become more costly.
On top of the direct impacts of climate and energy-related policies, there may also be indirect impacts. Energy-related initiatives affect a wide variety ofcompanies throughout the United States and the world and, because our operations are dependent on significant amounts of raw materials, such as pipe,steel, and concrete, they could have an indirect adverse impact on our operations and profitability to the extent the manufacturers and suppliers of thematerials used in the development of our properties are burdened with expensive tariffs, cap and trade and similar taxes and regulations.
Our construction of water and wastewater projects and improvements at Sky Ranch may expose us to certain completion, performance, and financialrisks. We rely on independent contractors to construct our water and wastewater facilities and Sky Ranch lot improvements. These construction activitiesinvolve risks, including shortages of materials and labor, work stoppages, labor relations disputes, injuries to third parties, damages to property, weatherinterference, engineering, environmental, permitting, or geological problems and unanticipated cost increases. These issues could give rise to delays, costoverruns or performance deficiencies, or otherwise adversely affect the construction or operation of our water and wastewater delivery systems and theconstruction and delivery of residential lots. In addition, we may experience quality problems in the construction of our systems and facilities, includingequipment failures. We may not meet the required deadlines under our sale and construction contracts. We may face claims from customers or othersregarding product quality and installation of equipment placed in service by contractors.
The sales contracts at Sky Ranch and contracts for the water and wastewater facilities that we design and construct are fixed-price contracts, in which webear all or a significant portion of the risk for cost overruns. Under these fixed-price contracts, contract prices are established in part based on fixed, firmsubcontractor quotes on contracts and on cost and scheduling estimates. These quotes or estimates may be based on several assumptions, includingassumptions about prices and availability of labor, equipment and materials, and other issues. If these subcontractor quotations or cost estimates proveinaccurate, or if circumstances change, cost overruns may occur, and our financial results would be negatively impacted. In many cases, the incurrence ofthese additional costs would not be within our control.
Pursuant to various contracts related to the development of Sky Ranch, we guarantee that the project, when completed, will achieve certain performancestandards, meet certain quality specifications, and satisfy certain requirements for governmental approvals. If we fail to complete the project as scheduled,meet guaranteed performance standards or quality specifications, or obtain the required governmental approvals, we may be held responsible for costimpacts and/or penalties to the customer resulting from any delay or for the costs to alter the project to achieve the performance standards and the qualityspecifications and to obtain the required government approvals. To the extent that these events occur and are not due to circumstances for which thecustomer accepts responsibility or cannot be mitigated by performance bonds or the provisions of our agreements with contractors, the total costs of theproject would exceed our original estimates and our financial results would be negatively impacted.
We, or our subcontractors, are required to secure performance and completion bonds for certain contracts and projects. The market for surety companieshas become increasingly risk averse. We and our subcontractors secure performance and completion bonds for our contracts from these surety companies.To the extent we or our subcontractors are unable to obtain bonds, we may breach existing agreements and/or not be awarded new contracts. We may notbe able to secure performance and completion bonds when required.
Our water sales for the past several years have been highly concentrated among companies providing hydraulic fracturing services to the oil and gasindustry, and such sales can fluctuate significantly, including as a result of increasing regulatory burdens on oil and gas development activities. Ourwater sales have been historically concentrated directly and indirectly with a limited number of companies providing hydraulic fracturing services to the oiland gas industry in our service area. Generally, investment in oil and gas development is dependent on the price of, and demand for, oil and gas. We haveno long-term contractual commitments that will ensure these sales continue in the future. The oil and gas industry has periodically gone through periodswhen activity has significantly declined due to low oil and gas prices, reduced world-wide demand and other impacts to the world-wide economy such asthe COVID-19 pandemic, which have had a negative impact on the amount of water we sell to these operators.  In addition, the activity level of our oil andgas customers may also vary based on their drilling results, changes in drilling and fracking technology and other factors.  
Table of Contents
33
Further, the oil and gas industry is heavily regulated, particularly in Colorado, and existing, new or amended federal, state and local regulations mayadversely affect the amount of oil and gas activity that occurs and therefore, the amount of water we sell to oil and gas companies.  Rules that may beenforced, implemented or amended address emissions from, and chemicals and water used in, oil and gas production; fees on oil and gas wells; airpollution and related permitting and reporting requirements; limits on water usage; limits on the usage of certain chemicals in the hydraulic fracturingprocess; setbacks of wells from homes and other sites; environmental review processes; greenhouse gas emissions; and other matters.  Regulation of the oiland gas industry has generally become more intensive over time.  For example, SB 19-181 authorizes local governments to approve the siting of oil andgas locations and regulate the surface impacts of oil and natural gas development through local requirements that may be more stringent than staterequirements. SB 19-181 also changed the mission of the Colorado Energy and Carbon Management Commission (or, at the time, the Colorado Oil andGas Conservation Commission) from fostering responsible and balanced development of natural resources and oil and gas, to regulating the developmentand production of natural resources and oil and gas in order to “protect” and “minimize” “adverse impacts to public health, safety, and welfare, includingprotection of the environment and wildlife resources.  Rules implemented under SB 19-181 or other legislation may also adversely affect the developmentof our mineral rights and our land development activities.  In particular, Colorado and Adams County rules requiring a minimum setback between oil andgas wells and homes or schools may reduce our and our oil and gas customers’ ability to generate revenue from drilling activity as well as our residentialand commercial development activities at Sky Ranch.
We may be subject to significant potential liabilities because of warranty and liability claims made against us. Design, construction, or system failuresrelated to our water and wastewater delivery systems could result in injury to third parties or damage to property. In addition, as a property developer, weare subject in the ordinary course of our business to warranty claims. We are also subject to claims for losses or injuries that occur during our propertydevelopment activities. We plan to record warranty and other reserves for the residential lots we sell based on historical trends in our market and ourjudgment of the qualitative risks associated with the type of lots we sell. We have, and many of our subcontractors have, general liability, property,workers’ compensation, and other business insurance. These insurance policies are intended to protect us against a portion of our risk of loss from claims,subject to certain self-insured retentions, deductibles, and coverage limits. However, it is possible that this insurance will not be adequate to address allwarranty and liability claims to which we are subject. Additionally, the coverage offered and the availability of general liability insurance for constructiondefects are currently limited and policies that can be obtained are costly and often include exclusions based upon past losses insurers suffered as a result ofuse of defective materials used by other property developers. As a result, our subcontractors may be unable to obtain insurance, and we may have to waiveour customary insurance requirements, which increases our and our insurers’ exposure to claims and increases the possibility that our insurance will not beadequate to protect us for all the costs we incur. Any losses that exceed claims against our contractors, the performance bonds and our insurance limits atsuch facilities could result in claims against us. In addition, if there is a customer dispute regarding performance of our services, the customer may decideto delay or withhold payment to us. No warranty and liability claims have been made against us as of the date of this report.
A major health and safety incident relating to our business could be costly in terms of potential liabilities and reputational damage. Water facility andconstruction sites are inherently dangerous and pose certain inherent health and safety risks to construction workers and other persons on the site. Anyfailure in health and safety performance may result in penalties for non-compliance with relevant regulatory requirements, and a failure that results in amajor or significant health and safety incident is likely to be costly in terms of potential liabilities incurred as a result. Such a failure could generatesignificant negative publicity and have a corresponding impact on our reputation, our relationships with relevant regulatory agencies or governmentalauthorities, and our ability to attract customers and employees, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition andoperating results.
Conflicts of interest may arise relating to the operation of the Rangeview District, the Sky Ranch Districts and the Sky Ranch CAB. Our ChiefExecutive Officer and three of our employees, one of whom is our Chief Financial Officer, constitute the majority of the directors of each of theRangeview District, the Sky Ranch Districts and the Sky Ranch CAB. These officers and employees, along with Pure Cycle and one unrelated individual,own certain property interests in the 40 acres that constitute the Rangeview District and the acreage that constitutes the Sky Ranch Districts. We have madeloans to the Rangeview District to fund its operations. As of August 31, 2024, total principal and interest owed to us by the Rangeview District was $1.2million. Pursuant to our water and wastewater service agreements with the Rangeview District, of the net amounts retained by the Rangeview District, theRangeview District retains two percent of the revenue from the sale of water to its end-use customers and 10% of the revenue from the provision ofwastewater services to its end-use customers. Proceeds from the fee collections will initially be used to repay the Rangeview District’s obligations to us,but after these loans are repaid, the Rangeview District is not required to use the funds to benefit Pure Cycle.
Table of Contents
34
Similarly, we have made loans to and incurred expenses reimbursable by the Sky Ranch Districts and the Sky Ranch CAB. As of August 31, 2025, the SkyRanch CAB owes us $43.8 million related to construction of public improvements on the Sky Ranch property, including project management fees andinterest on these amounts. The Sky Ranch CAB is not required to repay us for advances made or expenses incurred for improvements at Sky Ranch unlessand until the Sky Ranch CAB and/or Sky Ranch Districts generate sufficient cash flows from either property taxes, fees or from the issuance of bonds in anamount sufficient to reimburse us for all or a portion of advances made or expenses incurred. We have received benefits from our activities undertaken inconjunction with the Rangeview and Sky Ranch Districts and the Sky Ranch CAB, but conflicts may arise between our interests and those of theRangeview and Sky Ranch Districts and the Sky Ranch CAB and our officers and employees who are acting in dual capacities in negotiating contracts towhich we and a district and/or the Sky Ranch CAB are parties. We expect that the Rangeview and Sky Ranch Districts will expand when more propertiesare developed and become part of the respective districts, and our officers and employees acting as directors of these districts will have fiduciaryobligations to those other constituents. Conflicts may not be resolved in our best interest. In addition, other landowners coming into a district will beeligible to vote and to serve as directors of these districts. Our officers and employees may not remain as directors of these districts, and the actions ofsubsequently elected boards could have an adverse impact on our operations.
Growth limitations or moratoriums imposed by governmental authorities could adversely affect our land development activities or the landdevelopment activities of our customers, which could adversely impact both the land development and water and wastewater segments of our business.In 2023, the State of Colorado enacted HB 23-1255, which generally prohibits local governments from enacting or enforcing local housing growth-restrictions laws that would limit housing supply, development applications, or building permits. However, under certain circumstances, local governmentsmay implement a temporary moratorium of up to two years. While this law alleviates concerns that a local government in our planned development areasmight permanently restrict new growth, a temporary moratorium could still have the effect of delaying, limiting or halting development within Sky Ranchor other areas where we may provide water and wastewater services or develop land. Because all of the property in Sky Ranch has been platted, we do notexpect future growth moratoriums to restrict Sky Ranch as currently planned; however, if temporary growth moratoriums or restrictions are imposed in theareas in which we provide services or develop land, it could negatively impact our ability to develop our land as planned or our customers’ ability to growtheir communities as anticipated, which would also reduce the number of water and wastewater service customers we expect, which would have a negativeimpact on our business and financial condition.
We could be hurt by efforts to impose liabilities or obligations on us regarding labor law violations by other persons whose employees performcontracted services. The infrastructure and improvements on our water and wastewater systems and on the finished lots we sell or that we must providepursuant to service agreements and lot development agreements are constructed by employees of subcontractors and other contract parties. We do not havethe ability to control what these contract parties pay their employees or the work rules they impose on their employees. However, there have been effortsby government agencies, including the National Labor Relations Board and the Colorado Department of Labor and Employment to hold contract partieslike us responsible for violations of wage and hour laws and other work-related laws by firms whose employees are performing contracted-for services.Governmental rulings that make us responsible for labor practices by our subcontractors could create substantial exposures for us in situations that are notwithin our control.
Contamination to our water supply may result in disruption in our services and litigation, which could adversely affect our business, operating resultsand financial condition. Our water supplies are subject to the risk of potential contamination, including contamination from naturally occurringcompounds, pollution from man-made sources and intentional sabotage. Our land at Sky Ranch and a portion of the Lowry Ranch have been leased for oiland gas exploration and development. Such exploration and development could expose us to additional contamination risks from related leaks or spills. Inaddition, we handle certain hazardous materials at our water treatment facilities, primarily sodium hypochlorite. Any failure of our operation of thefacilities or any contamination of our supplies, including sewage spills, noncompliance with water quality standards, hazardous materials leaks and spills,and similar events, could expose us to environmental liabilities, claims and litigation costs. If any of these events occur, we may have to interrupt the use ofthat water supply until we are able to substitute the supply from another source or treat the contaminated supply. We cannot guarantee that we willsuccessfully manage these issues, and failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
We may incur significant costs in order to treat the contaminated source through expansion of our current treatment facilities or development of newtreatment methods. If we are unable to substitute water supply from an uncontaminated water source, or to adequately treat the contaminated water sourcein a cost-effective manner, there may be an adverse effect on our revenues, operating results and financial condition. The costs we incur to decontaminate awater source or an underground water system could be significant and could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition andmay not be recoverable in rates.
Table of Contents
35
We could also be held liable for consequences arising out of human exposure to hazardous substances in our water supplies or other environmentaldamage. For example, private plaintiffs could assert personal injury or other toxic tort claims arising from the presence of hazardous substances in ourdrinking water supplies. Although we have not been a party to any environmental or pollution-related lawsuits, such lawsuits have increased in frequencyin recent years. If we are subject to an environmental or pollution-related lawsuit, we might incur significant legal costs, and it is uncertain whether wewould be able to recover the legal costs from ratepayers or other third parties. Our insurance policies may not cover or provide sufficient coverage for thelosses associated with or the costs of these claims.
We may be adversely affected by any future decision by the Colorado Public Utilities Commission to regulate us as a public utility. The Colorado PublicUtilities Commission (CPUC) regulates investor-owned water companies operating for the purpose of supplying water to the public. The CPUC regulatesmany aspects of public utilities’ operations, including establishing water rates and fees, initiating inspections, enforcement and compliance activities andassisting consumers with complaints. We do not believe that we are a public utility under Colorado law. We currently provide services by contract mainlyto the Rangeview District, which supplies the public. Quasi-municipal metropolitan districts, such as the Rangeview District and the Sky Ranch Districts,are exempt by statute from regulation by the CPUC. However, the CPUC could attempt to regulate us as a public utility. If this were to occur, we mightincur significant expense challenging the CPUC’s assertion of jurisdiction, and we may be unsuccessful. In the future, existing regulations may be revisedor reinterpreted, and new laws and regulations may be adopted or become applicable to us or our facilities. If we become regulated as a public utility, ourability to generate profits could be limited, and we might incur significant costs associated with regulatory compliance.
The Rangeview District’s and our rights under the Lease have been challenged by third parties. In the past the Rangeview District’s and our rights underthe Lease have been challenged by third parties, including the Land Board. In 2014, in connection with settling a lawsuit filed by us and the RangeviewDistrict against the Land Board, the Land Board, the Rangeview District and Pure Cycle amended and restated the Lease to clarify and update a number ofprovisions. However, there are issues still subject to disagreement and negotiation, including our rights with respect to revenue from our Export Water after2081, and it is likely that during the remaining term (through 2081) of the Lease, the parties will disagree over interpretations of provisions in the Leaseagain. The Rangeview District’s or our rights under the Lease could be challenged in the future, which could require potentially expensive litigation toenforce our rights.
Our Lowry Ranch surface water rights are “conditional decrees” and require findings of reasonable diligence. Our surface water interests and reservoirsites at the Lowry Ranch are conditionally decreed and are subject to a finding of reasonable diligence from the Colorado water court every six years. Toarrive at a finding of reasonable diligence, the water court must determine that we continue to diligently pursue the development of said water rights. If thewater court is unable to make such a finding, we could lose the water right under review. During each of fiscal 2012 and 2018, the Lowry Ranchconditional decrees were granted review by the water court, which determined that we and the Rangeview District met the diligence criteria. The watercourt entered a finding of reasonable diligence on the Lowry Ranch surface water decrees in January 2025. Pursuant to our settlement discussions onamending these water rights, together with our application for a new water right we have also reached agreement with opposing parties regarding our 2025diligence review.  If concluded our next diligence review will be in 2032. We believe we will be successful in maintaining our decrees as we continue todevelop these rights. If the water court does not make a determination of reasonable diligence, the value of our interests in the Rangeview Water Supplywould be materially adversely impacted.
Our operations are affected by local politics and governmental procedures that are beyond our control. We operate in a highly political environment. Wemarket our water rights to municipalities and other governmental entities run by elected or politically appointed officials. Our principal competitors aremunicipalities and other water districts. Various constituencies, including our competitors, developers, environmental groups, conservation groups, andagricultural interests, have competing agendas with respect to the development of water rights in Colorado, which means that decisions affecting ourbusiness are based on many factors other than economic and business considerations. Additional risks associated with dealing with governmental entitiesinclude turnover of elected and appointed officials, changes in policies from election to election, and a lack of institutional history in these entitiesconcerning their prior courses of dealing with the Company. We spend significant time and resources educating elected officials, local authorities andothers regarding our water rights and the benefits of contracting with us. Political concerns and governmental procedures and policies may hinder or delayour ability to enter into service agreements or develop our water rights or infrastructure to deliver our water. While we have worked to reduce the politicalrisks in our business through our participation as the service provider for the Rangeview District in regional cooperative resource programs, such as theSMWSA and the WISE partnership with Denver Water and Aurora Water, and education and communication efforts and community involvement, ourefforts may be unsuccessful.
Table of Contents
36
The number of connections we can serve are affected by local governmental policies that are beyond our control. We market our water rights throughservice agreements with developers, municipalities and other governmental entities. We believe that our water rights can serve approximately 60,000single-family connections based on standards applied to water providers in Arapahoe, Douglas, and Adams Counties. These standards are policy driven,based on assumed life and reliability of water supplies and may become more restrictive at the discretion of the governmental entity. If these standardsbecome more restrictive, our water supplies may not serve the number of connections that we currently estimate we can serve.
The number of homes we can construct are affected by local governmental policies relating to the construction of infrastructure.  We are required to construct certain roads and drainage and other infrastructure to serve the communities in which we build.  We have certain access restrictions relating to the number of homes we can construct at Sky Ranch totaling 1,400 SFEs of which through Phases 1 and 2 A-E, we have permitted 1,319 SFEs.  The Company, together with Arapahoe County and the Colorado Department of Transportation, have been working on the design, permitting, financing of a new interchange which will accommodate traffic from the full buildout of Sky Ranch and the surrounding areas and the ratable participation of the financing of the cost of the interchange.  We may have to advance funds to other parties to finance construction of the interchange and solicit reimbursement in the future.  We cannot guarantee that we will be able to secure a permit to construct the interchange or finance the construction of the interchange, which may limit the number of homes we can construct at Sky Ranch and future efforts to obtain reimbursement for funds we advance may be unsuccessful.   
4. General Risks
We are dependent on the services of a key employee. Our success largely depends on the continuing services of our President and Chief Executive Officer,Mark W. Harding. We believe Mr. Harding possesses valuable knowledge, experience and leadership abilities that would be difficult in the short term toreplace. Mr. Harding also serves on the boards of the Rangeview District, the Sky Ranch Districts, and the Sky Ranch CAB. The loss of Mr. Harding as akey employee and as a director of these boards would cause a significant interruption of our operations.
Our stock price has been volatile in the past and may decline in the future. Our common stock has experienced significant price and volume fluctuationsin the past and may experience significant fluctuations in the future depending upon several factors, some of which are beyond our control. Factors thatcould affect our stock price and trading volume include, among others, the perceived prospects of our business; differences between anticipated and actualoperating results; changes in analysts’ recommendations or projections; the commencement and/or results of litigation and other legal proceedings; andfuture sales of our common stock by us or by significant shareholders, officers and directors. In addition, stock markets in general have experienced priceand volume volatility from time to time, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to our performance.
Unauthorized access to confidential information and data on our information technology systems and security and data breaches could materiallyadversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. We rely on computer and information technology systems to conduct ourbusiness and communicate with our suppliers and other third parties. Our systems require continued and unimpeded access to secure network connections.We have physical, technical and procedural safeguards in place that are designed to protect information and protect against security and data breaches aswell as fraudulent transactions and other activities. Despite these safeguards and our other security processes and protections, we cannot provide assurancethat all of our systems and processes are free from vulnerability to security breaches. Cyberattacks are evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated.Cyberattacks may take various forms, including through hacking, ransomware attacks, malware, viruses and phishing scams.
A significant data security breach, including misappropriation of confidential information, could cause us to incur significant costs, which may includepotential costs of investigations, legal, forensic and consulting fees, costs and diversion of management attention required for investigation, remediationand litigation, substantial repair or replacement costs. We could also experience data losses that would impair our ability to manage our businessoperations, including accounting and project costs, manage our water and wastewater systems or process transactions and have a negative impact on ourreputation and loss of confidence of our customers, suppliers and others, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financialcondition, operating results and reputation.
Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and affectour ability to meet our reporting requirements. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over ourfinancial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internalcontrol over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a
Table of Contents
37
material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As disclosed in Item 9A,during fiscal 2021, we concluded that a material weakness existed in our internal controls resulting from ineffective procedures related to the preparationand review of spreadsheets, which compromised the integrity of the spreadsheets used to support and record transactions related to tracking the publicimprovement reimbursable amounts and related interest income. To address this material weakness, management devoted significant effort and resources tothe remediation and continues its efforts to improve its internal control over financial reporting by implementing additional steps in the review process ofvarious complex schedules that support accounting entries on a monthly and quarterly basis or moving these manual tracking and reconciliation processesto a more automated software system.
Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud.Internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error,the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Therefore, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to thepreparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we cannot provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports and effectivelyprevent fraud, our operating results could be misreported. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of internal control over financialreporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree ofcompliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls, including any failure to implement requirednew or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business and operating results could be harmed, we could fail tomeet our reporting obligations, and there could be a material adverse effect on our share price.
Conflicts, terrorist attacks, public health crises, including the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, such as the COVID-19 coronavirus, orgeneral instability could adversely affect our business. We are vulnerable to the effects of conflicts, terrorist attacks and public health crises. As was thecase with COVID-19, such effects have precipitated economic instability and turmoil in financial markets. The uncertainty and economic disruptionresulting from hostilities, acts of terrorism or public health crises may impact our operations or those of our suppliers or customers. Accordingly, anyconflict, terrorist attack or public health crisis that impacts us or any of our suppliers or customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business,results of operations and financial condition.
Item 1B – Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity We have established processes for assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risks, which are built into our information technology function andare designed to safeguard our information assets and operations from internal and external cyber threats, including protecting employee information fromunauthorized access to or attacks on our networks and systems. These processes include physical, procedural and technical safeguards, response plans,regular tests on our systems, incident simulations and routine reviews of our policies and procedures to identify risks and enhance our practices. We alsoemploy processes to identify material risks from cybersecurity threats associated with our use of third-party service providers.
We have engaged external parties, including risk management consultants and computer security firms, to enhance our cybersecurity oversight. In an effortto deter and detect cyber threats, we periodically provide training programs to our employees on issues related to privacy and data protection, cybersecurityrisks, and the importance of reporting all incidents immediately. Topics include identifying phishing, password protection, securing confidential data, andmobile security. In addition, we use technology-based tools to mitigate cybersecurity risks and to bolster our employee-based cybersecurity programs. Wealso perform annual vulnerability assessments, conducted by independent, third-party cybersecurity firms.
Additionally, as part of our overall risk mitigation strategy, the Company obtains certain insurance policies. However, such insurance may not be sufficientin type or amount to cover us fully against claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related breaches.
The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors provides direct cybersecurity risk oversight. Our management provides timely disclosure and relatedupdates to the Audit Committee regarding potential cybersecurity threats, incidents and general risks.
Table of Contents
38
Our management periodically evaluates information provided by its consultants on evolving cybersecurity risks and, based on its assessment of theprocesses the Company has put in place, does not believe there are currently any known risks from cybersecurity threats that are reasonably likely tomaterially affect us or our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Further, we have not had a material cybersecurity incidents infiscal 2025 or 2026 through the date of filing of this Form 10-K.
Item 2 – Properties
Water Related Assets
In addition to the water rights and adjudicated reservoir sites that are described in Item 1 – Our Water and Land Assets, we own or have exclusive rights touse through the Rangeview District a 1.0 million-gallon and two 500,000-gallon treated water storage tanks, three storage reservoirs that can store 1.7million barrels of water (71.4 million gallons) seven deep water wells, three alluvial wells, three pump stations, 51 miles of water transmission anddistribution lines, and more than 12 miles of wastewater collection pipelines, water treatment and wastewater treatment facilities in Arapahoe County andElbert County, Colorado. In conjunction with Wild Pointe and the Elbert 86 District, we have exclusive rights to use, operate and maintain two water tankswith a combined capacity of 438,000 gallons, two deep water wells, a pump station, and over 11 miles of transmission lines serving customers at WildPointe in Elbert County. These assets are used to provide service to our customers.
Additionally, we have seven ground water wells located in Weld County referred to as our Lost Creek Water. Subject to water court approval, our plans areto consolidate our Lost Creek Water with our Rangeview Water Supply to provide service to the Rangeview District’s customers both on and off LowryRanch.
Land and Mineral Interests
We own approximately 470 acres of land remaining at our Sky Ranch Master Planned Community as well as approximately 634 net mineral acres at SkyRanch. We own 40 acres of land that comprise the current boundaries of the Rangeview District (together with all the mineral rights). We own 544 acres ofland in the Arkansas River Valley, and we hold 13,900 acres of mineral interests in the Arkansas River Valley in Southeast Colorado in Otero, Bent andProwers Counties. We also own 693 acres in Weld County together with certain water shares in the Henrylyn Irrigation District and groundwater rights inthe Lost Creek Designated Basin.
Item 3 – Legal Proceedings
The Company, Rangeview District and the State Land Board filed a Water Court Application on December 31, 2020 seeking to: (1) adjudicate 1,635 acrefeet of water from the Box Elder Creek Alluvial aquifer (a new water right), (2) consolidate and enlarge certain reservoirs on the Lowry Ranch, (3) approvenew places of use for existing water rights, (4) approve new places of storage for certain water rights, and (5) approve a new alternate diversion point forcertain existing water rights.  On February 7, 2025, the Water Court denied our new water right application of 1,635 acre feet of Box Elder Creek Alluvialaquifer water as well as the consolidation and enlargement of certain reservoirs on the Lowry Ranch.  Neither of these rulings impacted our existing waterrights or existing reservoir storage sites.  The Court sought additional information from the Company and opposing parties regarding the three claimswhich remain outstanding before continuing the trial. The Company is working with opposing parties to reach a settlement agreement for all five claims inthe Water Court Application.
Item 4 – Mine Safety Disclosures
Not Applicable
PART II
Item 5 – Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information
Our common stock is traded on The NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol “PCYO.”
Table of Contents
39
Holders
On November 10, 2025, there were 840 holders of record of our common stock.
Dividends
We have never paid any dividends on our common stock and expect for the foreseeable future to retain all of our capital and earnings from operations, ifany, for use in expanding and developing our water and land development businesses. Any future decision as to the payment of dividends will be at thediscretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our earnings, financial position, capital requirements, plans for expansion and such other factorsas our board of directors deems relevant. The terms of our Series B Preferred Stock prohibit payment of dividends on common stock unless all dividendsaccrued on the Series B Preferred Stock have been paid and require dividends to be paid on the Series B Preferred Stock if proceeds from the sale ofExport Water exceed $36,026,232. No dividends have been accrued to date as this threshold has not been met. For further discussion, see Note 8 to theaccompanying consolidated financial statements.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
On November 2, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program. The program is open-ended and authorizes repurchases of up to anaggregate of 200,000 shares of common stock in the open market.  As of August 31, 2025, 95,426 shares had been repurchased under the repurchaseprogram. The following table presents the number and average price of shares purchased in each month of fiscal 2025:
Period     Total Number ofShares Purchased    Average Price Paid perShare     
Total Number of SharesPurchase as Part of PubliclyAnnounced Plans or Programs    
Maximum Number of Sharesthat May Yet Be PurchasedUnder the Plans or ProgramsOctober 2024  10,000  10.73  10,000  130,074December 2024  6,000  12.62  6,000  124,074January 2025  10,000  11.99  10,000  114,074April 2025  2,000  10.19  2,000  112,074July 2025  6,437  9.93  6,437  105,637August 2025  1,063  9.77  1,063  104,574
Total  35,500$  10.87  35,500  104,574
Item 6 – Selected Financial Data
Not Applicable
Table of Contents
40
Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Overview
The discussion and analysis below includes certain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, as described in“Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, that could cause our actual growth, results of operations, performance, financialposition and business prospects and opportunities for this fiscal year and the periods that follow to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by,those forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read inconjunction with our disclosure under the heading “FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS” on page 1.
The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and our financialcondition and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8 ofthis Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Executive Summary
We saw a decrease in our land development segment revenue during fiscal 2025 due to the timing of lot deliveries with our national homebuilders. We alsosaw a decrease in our water sales, primarily from a decrease in selling water to oil and gas operators. Our water and wastewater tap fees revenue increasedin fiscal 2025 due to the timing of our national homebuilder’s production schedules in Phase 2B and 2C.  Our single-family rental business experienced amodest increase in revenue due to increasing monthly rent for the majority of our rental homes in fiscal 2025. Although the housing market is slowing, wecontinue to see demand for affordable housing in our local market and have focused our land development activity in fiscal 2025 on ensuring that we aredelivering the type of products that our national homebuilder partners desire in our Sky Ranch Master Planned Community. Phases 1 and 2A are complete,Phase 2B is approximately 97% complete, Phase 2C is approximately 82% complete and Phase 2D is approximately 43% complete. We continue to workon projects to expand our water assets to be competitive to sell water to oil and gas operators and have the infrastructure in place for future landdevelopment opportunities.  In fiscal 2025 we began construction of four new alluvial wells on the Lowry Ranch. Our notable financial highlights fromfiscal 2025 include the following:
● Total revenue was $26.1 million, down from $28.7 million in 2024 (a 9% decrease), primarily driven by a decrease in lot deliveries at Sky Ranchwith a portion of lots in Phase 2D pushing into fiscal 2026, a decrease in water sales to oil and gas operators for use in their drilling operationsand an increase in tap sales;
◾ Revenue from commercial water sales, which includes selling water to oil and gas operators, was $1.6 million in 2025 compared to $6.1million in 2024;
◾ Revenue from water and wastewater tap sales was $7.3 million in 2025 compared to $3.4 million in 2024 (a 115% increase);
◾ Recorded lot sales for 2025 were $13.7 million compared to $16.0 million in 2024, which is due to the development work in Phases 2B, 2Cand 2D;
● Pre-tax income was $17.4 million in 2025, which is up from $15.6 million in 2024 (a 12% increase);
● Earnings per share increased 13% to $0.54 per share compared to $0.48 per share in 2024;
● In 2025 we posted $0.54 of earnings per fully diluted common share, which is up from $0.48 in 2024 (a 13% increase), which was driven by ouroil and gas royalty income;
● Total assets continue to increase to $162.2 million at August 31, 2025 from $147.4 million at August 31, 2024; and
● Total equity increased to $142.7 million at August 31, 2025 from $129.7 million at August 31, 2024.
Table of Contents
41
Recent Developments
The housing market stabilized in 2024 as the Federal Reserve shifted from an aggressive monetary policy in 2023 to a more balanced approach thatcontinued into the first half of 2025 with relatively consistent interest rates. In the second half of 2025, interest rates began to decrease as the FederalReserve signaled a shift in its monetary policy from primarily fighting inflation to supporting the labor market and economic activity, which it beganimplementing through interest rate cuts.  However, the housing market continues to face headwinds as consumer demand was influenced by ongoingaffordability challenges and uncertainty resulting from federal trade policies and employment and economic uncertainties. Additionally, the housing markethas faced volatility due to other macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, including weakened consumer confidence.
Although higher mortgage interest rates and volatile macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions may persist for some time, homebuilders' strategic use ofinterest rate buydowns as incentives has played a crucial role in driving sales during higher interest rates. Despite higher interest rate and recent marketuncertainty stemming from actual and anticipated U.S. governmental policy changes, we maintain a positive long-term outlook on land development andthe housing market based on fundamental factors remaining positive. These include favorable demographics, the lot and housing supply-demand imbalanceresulting from a decade-plus of underproduction of new homes in relation to population growth, and low resale home inventory. While we remainconfident in the long-term growth prospects for the industry given these factors, the current demand for new homes is subject to continued uncertainty dueto many factors. The combination of higher mortgage interest rates since early 2022, several years of rising housing prices, elevated inflation, and variousother macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns has been moderating housing demand. Although interest rates may decline, we expect moderate to lowerdemand to continue throughout 2026. Given current conditions, we continue to monitor market dynamics and surrounding community performance andadjust the timing of additional construction expenditures at Sky Ranch as warranted. We believe our segment pricing (entry level) lots and the lowinventory of entry level housing in the Denver market will help Sky Ranch navigate a changing market better than other surrounding and significantlyhigher priced communities.
Our future performance and the strategies we implement (and adjust or refine as necessary or appropriate) will depend significantly on prevailingeconomics, the homebuilding industry, capital, credit and financial market conditions and a stable and constructive political and regulatory environment(particularly regarding housing and mortgage loan financing policies and trade policies impacting the cost of construction and building materials). Thecontinuing impact of the Federal Reserve’s policies for the federal funds interest rate and other measures to moderate persistent U.S. inflation and theuncertainty regarding future Federal Reserve monetary policy are expected to be ongoing headwinds for the housing market in 2026 and beyond.Prolonged supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, increased costs as a result of tariffs or other factors and other production-related challenges couldextend or delay our construction cycle times and intensify construction-related cost pressures beyond our experience in 2025. In addition, consumerdemand for our homes and our ability to grow and scale revenue and returns in fiscal 2026 could be materially and negatively affected by the above-described monetary policy impacts or other factors that curtail mortgage loan availability, employment or income growth or consumer confidence in theU.S. or in the Colorado markets. The potential extent and effect of these factors on our business is highly uncertain, unpredictable and outside our control,and our past performance, including in fiscal 2024 and 2025, should not be considered indicative of future results.
Table of Contents
42
Results of Operations
The results of our operations for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
Year Ended
(In thousands, except for water deliveries and taps sold)    August 31, 2025    August 31, 2024    $ Change    % ChangeWater and WastewaterWater and wastewater activities $  2,997 $  7,283 $  (4,286)  (59)%Water and wastewater tap fees  7,337  3,384  3,953  117%Total water and wastewater  10,334  10,667  (333)  (3)%Land development revenueLot sales  13,691  15,998  (2,307)  (14)%Project management fees  781  707  74  10%Special facility projects and other  785  894Single-family rental  496  481  15  3%Total revenue  26,087  28,747  (2,660)  (9)%
Water and wastewater resource cost of revenue  4,781  4,426  355  8%Land development cost of revenue  5,100  4,374  726  17%Single-family rental cost of revenue  176  188  (12)  (6)%Total cost of revenue  10,057  8,988  1,069  12%
General and administrative expense and depreciation  8,360  7,517  843  11%Operating income  7,670  12,242  (4,572)  (37)%Other income, net  9,800  3,390  6,410  189%Income tax expense  (4,360)  (4,019)  341  8%Net income $  13,110 $  11,613 $  1,497  13%
Basic EPS $  0.54 $  0.48 $  0.06  13%
Diluted EPS $  0.54 $  0.48 $  0.06  13%
Water delivered (acre-feet)  639  1,818  (1,179)  (65)%Water taps sold  182  73  109  149%Wastewater taps sold  179  69  110  159%
Fiscal 2025 vs. Fiscal 2024
Revenue – Total revenue decreased in 2025 as compared to 2024, primarily due to a decline in land development activity. When we transfer title to lots tohomebuilders under contracts where we remain obligated to deliver finished lots, the sales of such lots are recognized using the percentage of completionmethod. The decrease in water sales was driven by a decline in oil and gas drilling activities within our service area in 2025. This was offset by an increasein water and wastewater tap fee revenue. Tap fee revenue timing depends on the timing of builders filing for building permits, which has increased with thedevelopment of Phase 2B and 2C in 2025. Project management revenue at Sky Ranch increased to $0.8 million in 2025 from $0.7 million in 2024. As SkyRanch continues to grow, we expect lot sales to generate significant revenue in the future, and increasing water and wastewater usage and taps purchased aswe continue to add customers to our water resource development segment.
Cost of revenue – Total costs of revenue increased in 2025 as compared to 2024, primarily due to an increase in our water and wastewater system overheadas we continue to expand our system capacity, an increase in the estimated cost for Phase 2B and increased property tax due to our accelerateddevelopment schedule.  
General and administrative expense – General and administrative expense increased in 2025 as compared to 2024, primarily due to increases in payroll andrelated expenses as our service area continues to grow with the activity at Sky Ranch.
Other income, net – Other income, net increased in 2025 as compared to 2024, primarily due to royalty revenues from our oil and gas mineral interest atSky Ranch. Additionally, in fiscal 2025 we recognized $3.3 million of interest income, compared to $2.8 million in
Table of Contents
43
fiscal 2024, primarily due to the note receivable from the Sky Ranch CAB, which is described in greater detail in Notes 5 and 14 to the accompanyingconsolidated financial statements.
Income tax expense – Income tax expense increased in 2025 as compared to 2024, due to higher pre-tax income primarily from the increase in our oil andgas royalty income, in fiscal 2025. Our effective tax rate remained relatively consistent year over year.
Water delivered – Water deliveries decreased in 2025 as compared to 2024, primarily due to decreased sales to oil and gas operators. Oil and gas operationsare highly variable and dependent on oil prices, demand for gas, and timing of other leases in our service areas. As Sky Ranch continues to develop, weanticipate continued growth in our residential water and wastewater service revenue.
Water and wastewater tap sales – Water and wastewater tap sales increased in 2025 as compared to 2024 primarily due to the timing of residential tapssold and a price increase for water and wastewater taps in 2025. Tap sales are driven by the issuance of building permits and the timing of these sales arenot contractually established with the home builders. During fiscal 2025, we sold 125 taps in Phase 2B and 54 taps in Phase 2C, with an additional six tapsallocated to our single-family rental segment. We expect to substantially complete the next 134 lots in Phase 2C in fiscal 2025 and expect to realizeadditional tap sales in fiscal 2026 relating to the delivery of the Phase 2D lots.
Lots delivered – The number of lots delivered (which occurs when title to a lot passes to the homebuilder) decreased in 2025 compared to 2024 due todelays in closing in Phase 2D. We recognized certain milestones from our Lot Delivery Agreements from home builders in 2025 which accounted for $0.1million in lot sales revenue for Phase 2A, $0.9 million in lot sales revenue for Phase 2B, $10.9 million in lot sales revenue for Phase 2C and $1.8 million inlot sales revenue for Phase 2D. We expect to be substantially complete with the delivery of all 180 lots in Phase 2D during fiscal 2026. Despite lots beingtransferred to the homebuilders, we still have minor construction activities to complete Phases 2B and 2C and to turn over the completed infrastructure tothe applicable governmental agency for maintenance.
Water and Wastewater Services Results of Operations
Year Ended
(In thousands, except for water deliveries)    August 31, 2025    August 31, 2024    $ Change    % ChangeMetered water usage from:  Municipal water usage $  808 $  788 $  20  3%Commercial water usage  1,638  6,095  (4,457)  (73)%Wastewater treatment fees  391  343  48  14%Water and wastewater tap fees  7,337  3,384  3,953  117%Other revenue  160  57  103  181%Total segment revenue  10,334  10,667  (333)  (3)%
Water service cost  2,113  2,204  (91)  (4)%Wastewater service cost  878  691  187  27%Depreciation  1,707  1,504  203  13%Other  83  27  56  207%Total expenses  4,781  4,426  355  8%Segment operating income $  5,553 $  6,241 $  (688)  (11)%
Water deliveries (acre-feet)On Site  2  3  (1)  (33)%Commercial sales - export water and other  4  4  —  —%Sky Ranch  347  306  41  13%Wild Pointe  92  97  (5)  (5)%O&G operations  194  1,408  (1,214)  (86)%Total water deliveries  639  1,818  (1,179)  (65)%
Municipal water usage – Municipal water usage increased in 2025 compared to 2024, primarily due to new Sky Ranch customers in our water andwastewater resource development segment. We anticipate that these revenues will continue to increase as more customers are added to our system as SkyRanch continues to develop.
Table of Contents
44
Commercial water usage – The main component of commercial water usage is from sales to oil and gas operators for use in their drilling process.Commercial water sales decreased during fiscal 2025, primarily due to decreased demand by our oil and gas customers. Because oil and gas is cyclical innature as demand and oil prices fluctuate, it is not possible to predict whether the volume of water supplied to oil and gas operators will increase ordecrease in the future.
Wastewater treatment fees – Wastewater treatment fees increased in 2025 compared to 2024, primarily due to new Sky Ranch customers in our water andwastewater resource development segment. We anticipate that revenues will continue to increase as more customers are added to our system as Sky Ranchcontinues to develop.
Water and wastewater tap fees –Water and wastewater tap sales increased in 2025 compared to 2024, primarily due to the timing of residential taps soldand a price increase of water and wastewater taps in 2025. Water and wastewater taps are sold to home builders at the time a building permit is issued. Thetiming of tap sales is dependent on when the home builder constructs homes, and sales are not contractually driven; therefore, timing of tap sales fluctuateswith demand for new construction. During 2025, the average price of a Sky Ranch water and wastewater tap was approximately $40,000 compared toapproximately $38,000 per tap in 2024.
Other revenue – Other revenue increased in 2025 as compared to 2024, primarily due to increased revenue from inspections of infrastructure at Sky Ranch.
Water service cost – Water service costs decreased in 2025 as compared to 2024, primarily due to the decrease in oil and gas sales.
Wastewater service cost – Wastewater service costs increased in 2025 as compared to 2024, primarily due to the addition of staff to meet the needs of ourgrowing customer base.
Other costs of revenue – Other costs of revenue increased in 2025 as compared to 2024, primarily due to costs associated with the infrastructureinspections at Sky Ranch.
Water delivered – Water deliveries decreased in 2025 as compared to 2024, primarily due to decreased oil and gas operations, offset by additional demandgenerated by new Sky Ranch customers.
Land Development Results of Operations
Year Ended
(In thousands)     August 31, 2025    August 31, 2024    $ Change    % ChangeLot sales $  13,691$  15,998$  (2,307)  (14)%Project management fees  781  707  74  10Special facility projects and other  785  894  (109)  (12)Total revenue  15,257  17,599  (2,342)  (13)%
Land development construction and project management cost 5,100  4,374  726  17%
Segment operating income $ 10,157$ 13,225$  (3,068)  (23)%
Lot sales – Lot sales decreased in 2025 as compared to 2024, primarily due to a decrease in lot deliveries at Sky Ranch and delays in our developmentactivities in Phase 2D at our Sky Ranch Master Planned Community. Phase 2A is complete while Phase 2B is substantially complete at 97%.  We deliveredfinished lots in Phase 2C, and Phase 2C is approximately 82% complete. Phase 2D is approximately 43% complete.
Project management revenue – Project management revenue increased in 2025 as compared to 2024, which was primarily due to increased developmentactivities in Phase 2C and Phase 2D. We earn a 5% project management fee on construction costs for managing the completion of public improvements atSky Ranch.
Special facility projects and other – Special facility projects decreased in 2025 as compared to 2024, which was primarily due to a decrease in self-performdevelopment activities at Sky Ranch.
Table of Contents
45
Land development construction and project management cost – Land development construction costs increased in 2025 as compared to 2024, primarilydue to accelerated development activities in Phases 2C and 2D. As Phase 2C winds down, more of our costs are anticipated to be public improvementscosts, whereas the beginning of Phase 2D is anticipated to result in us incurring more lot costs.  This is due to the timing of the development of the costsincurred in the beginning of the development phase compared to those costs incurred towards the end.
Lots delivered – The number of lots delivered decreased in 2025 compared to 2024 due delays in the development of Phase 2D. Despite the lots beingtransferred to the homebuilders, we still have minor construction activities to complete Phase 2B to turn over the completed infrastructure to the applicablegovernmental agency that will maintain the infrastructure. We did receive certain milestone payments for Phase 2C and 2D lots. Because we record lotsales as construction progresses, the timing of revenue and lot deliveries are not necessarily correlated.
Single-Family Rental Results of Operations
Year Ended
(In thousands)     August 31, 2025    August 31, 2024    $ Change    % ChangeSingle-family rentals revenue $  496 $  481 $  15  3%
Single-family rentals cost  176  188  (12)  (6)%
Segment operating income $ 320 $ 293 $  27  9%
Single-family rentals revenue – Fiscal 2025 and 2024 revenue represented rental income for our first 14 completed homes. Each home is rented under aone-year non-cancelable lease agreement which typically includes annual rental rate increases. We expect to rent 5 townhomes in the first quarter of fiscal2026 and we are currently under contract with several national home builders to construct the next 40 single-family detached homes in Phases 2B and 2Cat Sky Ranch for delivery in fiscal 2026.
Single-family rentals cost – The costs reflected as cost of sales for the rental units include a pro-rata share of the annual property taxes and insurancerelated specifically to the rental units as well as immaterial fees related to the operations and maintenance assessments from the Sky Ranch CAB that areassessed to every home in Sky Ranch. Our tenants are responsible for all other utilities including water and wastewater services that are paid to us throughthe Rangeview District. 
General and Administrative Expenses
The table below details significant items and changes included in our General and Administrative Expenses (G&A Expenses) as well as the impact thatshare-based compensation has on our G&A Expenses for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2025 and 2024.
Summary of G&A Expenses
    Year Ended(in thousands)     August 31, 2025    August 31, 2024    $ Change    % ChangeSignificant G&A Expense items:         Salary and salary-related expenses $ 3,923 $ 3,563 $ 360 10%Share-based compensation 323 436 (113) (26)%Professional fees 1,388 1,090 298 27%Public entity-related expenses, including director fees 406 450 (44) (10)%Corporate insurance 371 329 42 13%All other combined 1,359 1,053 306 29%
G&A Expenses as reported $ 7,770 $ 6,921 $ 849 12%
Salary and Salary-Related Expenses – Salary and salary-related expenses net increased in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 due to the addition of sixemployees to the overall headcount and the related salaries, benefits, and taxes associated with the increased workforce employed by the Company. Although the increase in base salaries was offset by the reduction in bonuses, other related costs like benefits and payroll taxes accounted for the increase.Share-based compensation decreased in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 primarily due to the vesting of outstanding options and no options beingissued in the current year.
Table of Contents
46
Professional Fees – Professional fees consist mainly of IT, telecom, legal, consulting and accounting fees.  Legal fees increased year over year due to thewater court case discussed further in Note 4 to the financial statements.
Public Entity-Related Expenses, including director fees – Costs associated with being a corporation and costs associated with being a publicly traded entityconsist primarily of XBRL and EDGAR conversion fees, stock exchange fees, and press releases. These costs fluctuate from year to year and were higherin 2024 compared to 2025, primarily due to the cost of filing the Company’s S-8 in 2024. Compensation including stock grants paid to our board wasconsistent in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024.
Corporate insurance – Corporate insurance costs increased as our operations continue to expand, which is due to adding additional construction and rentalhome policies, covering added infrastructure in the Sky Ranch master planned community, and overall insurance rate increases.
All other – All other expenses include typical operating expenses related to the maintenance of our office and equipment, business development, travel, andproperty taxes. Other expenses increased during 2025 compared to 2024. The changes were primarily the result of increased equipment maintenance,various software subscription expenses and a donation to the Sky Ranch Academy.
Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Position
We believe we are well-positioned to navigate the ever-evolving market conditions given our strong financial position. At August 31, 2025, our workingcapital, defined as current assets less current liabilities, was $20.0 million, which includes $22.0 million in cash and cash equivalents. We believe that as ofAugust 31, 2025, and as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have sufficient working capital to fund our operations for the next12 months. We have completed Phase 1 and Phase 2A at Sky Ranch. Phase 2B is approximately 97% complete, Phase 2C is approximately 82% complete,and Phase 2D is approximately 43% complete.  We anticipate starting work on Phase 2E during fiscal 2026. We have sold 194 lots in Phase 2B at SkyRanch (retaining an additional 17 lots for ourselves) and have approximately 3% of construction-related activities remaining for Phase 2B to be finished.We expect to spend $0.5 million in the next twelve months on remaining Phase 2B construction activities (of which we estimate $0.3 million will bereimbursable by the Sky Ranch CAB). We have sold 180 of the 188 for sale lots in Phase 2C at Sky Ranch (retaining an additional 40 lots for ourselves)and have approximately 18% of construction-related activities remaining for Phase 2C to be finished. We expect to sell the remaining eight lots in the firstquarter of fiscal 2026. We expect to be complete with Phase 2C during fiscal 2026 and expect to spend $3.0 million in the next twelve months onremaining Phase 2C construction activities (of which we estimate $2.4 million will be reimbursable by the Sky Ranch CAB). We expect to be substantiallycomplete with Phase 2D during fiscal 2026 and expect to spend $7.8 million in the next twelve months on Phase 2D construction-related activities (ofwhich we estimate $7.0 million will be reimbursable by the Sky Ranch CAB). We anticipate starting work on Phase 2E during fiscal 2026 and expect tospend $3.2 million in the next twelve months on Phase 2E construction-related activities (of which we estimate $2.4 million will be reimbursable by theSky Ranch CAB). We anticipate receiving approximately $19.8 million in milestone and finished lot payments and approximately $7 million of water andwastewater tap fees from the homebuilders over the same period. We also anticipate receiving reimbursement from Sky Ranch CAB of approximately $4million from excess funds from higher fees and property taxes collected by the Sky Ranch CAB. We believe we can fund such capital expenditures fromcash and cash equivalents on hand, phased payments from our lot sales agreements, and payments from the Sky Ranch CAB for reimbursement of publicimprovements. We expect to complete approximately 45 additional single-family rental homes in the next twelve months. The Company expects to fundthe construction of our new rental homes with a debt facility agreement.
Notes payable – Notes payable includes limited recourse secured notes with third parties that totaled $6.8 million at August 31, 2025. These notes havematurities ranging up to seven years, are secured by the applicable asset to which they relate, and generally have no recourse to other assets. The statedinterest rates on these notes range up to 7.51%.
Table of Contents
47
Summary Cash Flows
Year Ended  (In thousands)     August 31, 2025    August 31, 2024    $ Change    % Change Cash (used) provided by:             Operating activities $  13,164 $  2,312 $  10,852  469%Investing activities  (9,652)  (4,829)  (4,823)  (100)%Financing activities  (491)  (612)  121  20%
Net Change in cash $  3,021 $  (3,129)$  6,150  197%
Changes in Operating Activities – Operating activities include amounts we receive from the sale of wholesale water and wastewater services, costsincurred in the delivery of those services, the sale of lots, the costs incurred in completing and delivering finished lots, rental income from single-familyhomes and the cost incurred in constructing and maintaining our single-family rental homes, oil and gas royalty income and G&A Expenses. Cash providedby operations in fiscal 2025 increased due to the timing of cash receipts of trade receivables, payments of payables and accrued liabilities, and collection ofoil and gas royalty income, which was offset by net increases to the note receivable from the Sky Ranch CAB for continued construction costs related topublic improvements.  The Sky Ranch CAB made payments to us totaling $15.2 million in fiscal 2025 from the refinancing of the bonds issued in 2019and excess funds from higher fees and property taxes collected by the Sky Ranch CAB. The Sky Ranch CAB made payments to us totaling $0.7 million infiscal 2024 from excess funds from higher fees and property taxes collected by the Sky Ranch CAB.
Changes in Investing Activities – Investing activities in fiscal 2025 consisted primarily of the investment in our water system of $8.6 million andinvestments in future development phases of Sky Ranch for $0.9 million. Investing activities in fiscal 2024 consisted primarily of the investment in ourland and water system of $1.9 million and investments in future development phases of Sky Ranch of $2.2 million. We capitalize costs associated withobtaining, defending, enhancing, and developing our water rights. We capitalize costs incurred to construct infrastructure required to deliver water andwastewater services to our customers, and we capitalize costs to develop our land assets that are not sold to home builders.
Changes in Financing Activities – Financing activities in 2025 and 2024 consisted of payments on existing debt facilities as well as cash used torepurchase the Company’s common stock.
Critical Accounting Estimates Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our discussionand analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on these consolidated financial statements. The preparation of our consolidatedfinancial statements requires the application of these accounting principles in addition to certain estimates and judgments based on current availableinformation, engineering estimates, historical results, and other assumptions believed to be reasonable. These estimates, assumptions and judgments areaffected by our application of accounting policies, which are discussed in Note 2 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Estimates areused for, but not limited to, determining the recoverability of notes receivable, measure of progress related to our land development activities, and accruedliabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Accounting estimates are considered critical if both of the following conditions are met: (1) the nature of the estimates or assumptions is material becauseof the levels of subjectivity and judgment needed to account for matters that are highly uncertain and susceptible to change and (2) the effect of theestimates and assumptions is material to the financial statements. The following provides a summary of the two critical estimates we identified.
Collectability of the Notes Receivable from the Sky Ranch CAB – The notes receivable from the Sky Ranch CAB are comprised of amounts we incurredand provided to the Sky Ranch CAB for costs related to the construction of public improvements which are reimbursable to us, along with related projectmanagement fees and accrued interest associated with those costs. Collectability of the notes is based on the Sky Ranch CAB generating sufficient cashflows to repay us prior to certain contractual dates, which is deemed probable based on a mill levy increase resulting from the remainder of Sky Ranchbeing in a different taxing district than Phase 1, higher than projected assessed values of completed homes, and additional houses from the start of the nextdevelopment phase at Sky Ranch. The notes are evaluated for a credit loss at each reporting period based on the factors indicated, and an impairmentwould be recognized whenever it was determined that a credit loss had occurred.  Management applies judgment to assess whether a credit loss hasoccurred,
Table of Contents
48
and factors that are considered include, but are not limited to: significant decreases in the market price of houses which generate tax payments to the SkyRanch CAB; significant adverse changes in the business climate or legal factors including significant decreases in housing sales or assessments; significantincrease in costs and accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the construction of the associated publicimprovements; and current period cash flow or operating losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of losses.  Recoverability of these notes ismeasured by comparing the carrying value to the future cash flows expected to be generated by the Sky Ranch CAB which can be used to repay us.  If thecarrying value of the notes exceeds the fair value of the estimated cash flows, an impairment loss would be recorded by writing down the carrying value ofthe related asset to its estimated fair value, which is determined using discounted future cash flows.
Revenue recognition on lot sales under the percentage-of-completion method – We recognize lot revenue over time as construction progresses for most ofour lot development contracts. This involves an estimation of the total project costs which are incurred over several months or even years. This requiresmanagement to estimate labor and material costs which could change materially over the life of that construction project and have a material impact on thetiming of revenue recognition. Under the percentage of completion method, revenue and related costs from lots sold pursuant to lot development contractsrequiring milestone payments as construction occurs are recognized over the course of the construction period based on the completion progress of thatproject phase (i.e. Phase 2C). In relation to each phase or subphase, revenue is determined by calculating the ratio of incurred construction costs, includingconstruction costs related to public improvements subject to reimbursement, to total estimated costs and applying that ratio to the contracted sales amounts.Current period amounts are calculated based on the difference between the life-to-date project totals and the previously recognized amounts. Cost of salesis the cost incurred related to construction of lots. Any changes in significant judgments and/or estimates used in determining construction anddevelopment revenue could significantly change the timing or amount of construction and development revenue recognized. Changes in estimated costs orlosses, if any, are recognized in the period in which they are determined.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
None
Recently Adopted and Issued Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for recently adopted and issued accounting pronouncements.
Item 7A – Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Not applicable.
Table of Contents
F-1
Item 8 – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
PageReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Forvis Mazars, LLP, Denver, CO, PCAOB ID 686) F-2Consolidated Balance Sheets F-5Consolidated Statements of Income F-6Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity F-7Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-8Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9
Table of Contents
F-2
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit CommitteePure Cycle CorporationWatkins, Colorado
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Pure Cycle Corporation (the “Company”) as of August 31, 2025 and 2024, the relatedconsolidated statements of income, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended August 31, 2025, and the relatednotes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in allmaterial respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each ofthe years in the two-year period ended August 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’sfinancial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to beindependent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of theSecurities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtainreasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is notrequired to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required toobtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of theCompany’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, andperforming procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures inthe financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well asevaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated orrequired to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2)involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinionon the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the criticalaudit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
Table of Contents
F-3
To the Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit CommitteePure Cycle CorporationRevenue Recognition of Lot Sales
As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company accounts for lot sales revenue over time as construction progresses, withprogress measured based upon costs incurred to date compared to total expected costs for each particular construction phase. Any revenue in excess ofamounts entitled to be billed is reflected on the balance sheet as a contract asset, and amounts received in excess of revenue recognized are recorded asdeferred revenue. For the year ended August 31, 2025, the Company recognized approximately $14 million of lot sale revenue, over time, using thepercentage of completion method.
Auditing lot sales revenue recognized under the percentage of complete method required a high degree of auditor judgment due to the use of significantassumptions developed by the management team, most notably the estimated budgeted cost for any particular phase to be developed and the estimatedremaining cost to complete the phase being developed.
Our audit procedures related to the revenue recognition of lot sales included the following procedures:
● Obtained an understanding and evaluated the design effectiveness of the Company’s processes over the development of estimatedbudgeted and remaining cost to complete the phase being developed.
● Evaluated the reasonableness of management’s estimated budgeted and remaining cost to complete the phase being developed byperforming the following:
o Inspected contracts with customerso Tested a sample of actual costs incurred by phaseo Physically observed the development siteso Interviewed the management team to gain an understanding of the budgeting process and project statuso Performed a lookback analysis by comparing actual costs incurred to budgeted costs on historical, completed phases for similarprojectso Agreed the number of lots to be sold by builder to respective contracts
Collectability of Related-party Note Receivable – Reimbursable Public Improvements
As described in Note 2 and Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Sky Ranch Community Authority Board (the Sky Ranch CAB) isresponsible for building certain public improvements at Sky Ranch, for which the Company provided the funding to the Sky Ranch CAB and which isreimbursable to the Company. The Company has determined the reimbursement of public improvement costs, for which the Company has anenforceable right to payment, are probable of collection. The note receivable from the Sky Ranch CAB reports the balances owed by the Sky RanchCAB to the Company for public improvements paid for by the Company, project management fees, and interest accrued on the unpaid balances relatedto the ongoing development of the Sky Ranch master planned community. As of August 31, 2025, the Company’s related-party note receivable –reimbursable public improvements was approximately $44 million.
Management’s estimate of collectability and whether the Sky Ranch CAB will have sufficient sources of liquidity to support the payment of the notereceivable balance involves a long-term projection of the development of the Sky Ranch master planned community, and the future revenues that will beavailable for repayment of the note. Auditing this estimate requires complex auditor judgment because of the subjective and long-term nature of theestimation, and the specialized knowledge needed to address the matter.
Our audit procedures related to the collectability of the related party note receivable included the following procedures:
● Obtained an understanding and evaluated the design effectiveness of the Company’s processes over the valuation analysis of the notesreceivable.
Table of Contents
F-4
To the Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit CommitteePure Cycle Corporation
● Obtained and reviewed a legal analysis of the enforceability of the Company’s right to payment from the Sky Ranch CAB for thereimbursable costs.
● Obtained and reviewed the valuation analysis of note receivable report of management’s outside vendor and challenged management’sreview of the appropriateness of the valuation; including but not limited to, testing all critical inputs, reasonableness of assumptionsapplied, and valuation models utilized by the outside vendor.
● Utilized internal valuation specialists to assist with testing the reasonableness of the valuation analysis of notes receivable.
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2022.
/s/ Forvis Mazars, LLPDenver, ColoradoNovember 12, 2025
Table of Contents
F-5
PURE CYCLE CORPORATIONCONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In thousands, except shares) August 31, 2025    August 31, 2024
ASSETS:Current Assets:Cash and cash equivalents $ 21,931 $ 22,113Accounts receivable, net  1,330  1,472Related party notes receivable, including accrued interest, current portion — 10,100Prepaid expenses and other assets 1,004 530Land under development 7,388 3,647Total current assets 31,653 37,862Restricted cash 6,448 3,245Investment in water and wastewater systems, net  67,523  62,290Land and mineral rights held for development 4,168 4,695Single-family rental units 5,240 5,330Related party notes receivable, including accrued interest, less current portion 45,002  32,085Other assets 2,245  1,847
Total assets $ 162,279$ 147,354
LIABILITIES & SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY:Current Liabilities:Accounts payable $ 3,518 $ 1,948Accrued and other liabilities 4,335 5,164Deferred revenue 3,355  2,173Debt, current portion 411 64Total current liabilities 11,619 9,349Debt, less current portion 6,380  6,821Deferred tax liability, net  1,541  1,395Lease obligations, less current portion 1 87
Total liabilities  19,541  17,652
Series B preferred shares: par value $0.001 per share, 25 million authorized;432,513 issued and outstanding (liquidation preference of $432,513)  —  —Common shares: par value 1/3 of $.01 per share, 40.0 million authorized;24,066,805 and 24,063,894 outstanding, respectively  80  80Additional paid-in capital  175,448 175,125Accumulated deficit  (32,790)  (45,503)
Total shareholders’ equity  142,738 129,702$ 162,279$ 147,354
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Table of Contents
F-6
PURE CYCLE CORPORATIONCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
Year Ended
(In thousands, except share information)     August 31, 2025    August 31, 2024REVENUES:       Water and WastewaterWater and wastewater activities $ 2,997 $ 7,283Water and wastewater tap fees  7,337  3,384
Total water and wastewater 10,334 10,667Land DevelopmentLot sales  13,691 15,998Project management fees 781 707Special facility projects and other  785  894
Total land development 15,257 17,599
Single-family rentals 496 481
Total revenues  26,087 28,747
COST OF REVENUES:Water and wastewater  4,781  4,426Lot development  5,100  4,374Single-family rental  176  188Total cost of revenues  10,057 8,988
General and administrative expenses  7,770  6,921Depreciation  590  596Operating income  7,670  12,242
Other income (expense):Interest income 3,272 2,837Interest expense (426) (439)Oil and gas royalty income, net 6,654 795Other, net 300 197Income from operations before income taxes  17,470 15,632Income tax expense  (4,360)  (4,019)
Net income $ 13,110 $ 11,613
Earnings per common share - basic and diluted
Basic $ 0.54 $ 0.48
Diluted $ 0.54 $ 0.48
Weighted average common shares outstanding:
Basic  24,076,317 24,083,001
Diluted  24,167,529 24,140,946
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Table of Contents
F-7
PURE CYCLE CORPORATIONCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Year Ended August 31, 2025Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Accumulated(in thousands, except shares)     Shares     Amount     Shares     Amount     Paid-in Capital     Deficit TotalBalance at August 31, 2024  432,513 $ — 24,063,894 $ 80 $ 175,125 $ (45,503) $ 129,702Restricted stock grants — — 9,200 — 21 — 21Stock options exercised — — 13,815 — — — —Stock granted for services — — 15,396 — 180 — 180Share-based compensation — — — — 122 — 122Repurchases of common stock  — — (35,500) — — (397) (397)Net income  — — — — — 13,110 13,110Balance at August 31, 2025  432,513 $ — 24,066,805 $ 80 $ 175,448 $ (32,790) $ 142,738
Year Ended August 31, 2024Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Accumulated(in thousands, except shares)     Shares     Amount     Shares     Amount     Paid-in Capital     Deficit TotalBalance at August 31, 2023  432,513 $ — 24,078,720 $ 80 $ 174,689 $ (56,535) $ 118,234Stock options exercised — — 17,456 — — — —Restricted stock grants — — 8,000 — 44 — 44Stock granted for services — — 19,644 — 195 — 195Share-based compensation  — — — — 197 — 197Repurchases of common stock  — — (59,926) — — (581) (581)Net income — — — — — 11,613 11,613Balance at August 31, 2024  432,513 $ — 24,063,894 $ 80 $ 175,125 $ (45,503) $ 129,702
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Table of Contents
F-8
PURE CYCLE CORPORATIONCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended(In thousands)     August 31, 2025    August 31, 2024Cash flows from operating activities:       Net income $ 13,110 $ 11,613Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used by operating activities:Trade accounts receivable  142  (380)Depreciation and depletion 2,297 2,100Share-based compensation expense  323  436Net activity on notes receivable - related party, other 54 230Net activity on note receivable - related party, reimbursable public improvements (4,248)  (15,230)Deferred income taxes  146  43Other assets and liabilities  (170) 275Prepaid expenses  (474)  (184)Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  934  973Taxes payable / receivable (132) 1,993Deferred revenue  1,182 443Net cash provided by operating activities  13,164 2,312Cash flows from investing activities:Net purchase of property and equipment  (861)  (458)Future land development activity (852) (2,156)Single-family rentals activity 494 (291)Water and wastewater infrastructure activity  (8,612)  (1,924)Sale of land held for sale 179 —Net cash used in investing activities  (9,652)  (4,829)Cash flows from financing activities:Payments on notes payable (94) (31)Repurchases of common stock  (397)  (581)Net cash used in financing activities  (491)  (612)Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  3,021  (3,129)Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash – beginning of period  25,358 28,487
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash – end of period $ 28,379$ 25,358
Cash and cash equivalents $ 21,931$ 22,113Restricted cash 6,448 3,245
Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $ 28,379$ 25,358
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION
Cash paid for income taxes $ 4,351 $ 2,056
Cash paid for interest $ 413 $ 417
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:Change in reimbursable public improvements included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities$ 209 $ 1,232
Change in investments in water and water systems included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities$ 1,141 $ 131
Issuance of stock for compensation $ 201 $ 211
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Table of Contents
F-9
PURE CYCLE CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSAugust 31, 2025 and 2024
NOTE 1 – ORGANIZATION
Pure Cycle Corporation (Company or Pure Cycle) was incorporated in Delaware in 1976 and reincorporated in Colorado in 2008. Pure Cycle currentlyoperates in three reportable business segments: (i) wholesale water and wastewater services, (ii) land development and (iii) its single-family rental businesswhich constructs and leases single-family homes in the Sky Ranch neighborhood.
Since its inception, Pure Cycle has accumulated valuable water and land interests and has developed an extensive network of wholesale water production,storage, treatment and distribution systems and wastewater collection and treatment systems which serve domestic, commercial and industrial customers inthe Denver metropolitan region. Pure Cycle’s land assets are located along the bustling and high-profile I-70 corridor in the Denver metropolitan region.Through its land development segment, Pure Cycle is developing Sky Ranch, a 930-acre master planned community located four miles south of DenverInternational Airport. Sky Ranch is planned to include a mix of 3,200 single-family and multifamily residential units, including more than 200 single-family residential homes owned by the Company for rent, and over two million square feet of commercial, retail, and industrial space.
NOTE 2 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of Pure Cycle Corporation and its two wholly-owned and controlledsubsidiaries, PCY Holdings, LLC and PCYO Home Rentals, LLC. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) requiresmanagement to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilitiesat the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates are used to account forcertain items such as revenue recognition, reimbursable costs and expenses, costs of revenue for lot sales, share-based compensation, deferred tax assetvaluation, and the useful lives and recoverability of long-lived assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
The Company has determined the reimbursable public improvements, project management fees and interest income related to the Sky Ranch communitybeing developed by Pure Cycle is probable of collectability. As a result of an established and growing tax base resulting from the success of the initialdevelopment, increases in housing values in Colorado, added mill levies, and additional unencumbered fees received by the Sky Ranch CAB, Pure Cyclebelieves repayment of the public improvements, payment of the project management fees, and interest income are deemed probable. Based on this, PureCycle recognizes these items in the consolidated financial statements as they occur. The timing and amount of potential payments have been estimatedbased on growth trends utilizing current assessed values and historic growth rates which have been projected to current and contracted lot sales through thecontractual obligation period.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company had no cash equivalentsas of August 31, 2025 or 2024. At various times during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company’s main operating account exceededfederally insured limits. To date, the Company has never suffered a loss due to such excess balance.
Table of Contents
F-10
Land Under Development
The land under development account primarily includes land and land improvements stated at cost which Pure Cycle is developing and plans to sell. Costincurred on certain public improvements in the Company’s development are included in the Notes Receivable for Sky Ranch CAB explained below. PureCycle began developing the Sky Ranch property in 2017. Pure Cycle capitalizes certain legal, engineering, design, permitting, land acquisition, andconstruction costs related to the development at Sky Ranch that meet the Company’s capitalization criteria for improvements to a lot. These costs arecapitalized as incurred. The Company uses the specific identification method for purposes of accumulating land development costs and allocates costs toeach lot to determine the cost basis for each lot sold. The land under development accounts primarily contains costs directly attributable to lots to be sold,which will not be reimbursed, but will be expensed as land cost of sales as lots are being completed and sold on a lot-by-lot basis.  Additionally, land underdevelopment may contain accruals related to retention on development contracts which may be eligible for reimbursement once paid.
The Company measures land under development costs as a current asset at the lower of the carrying value or net realizable value. In determining netrealizable value, the Company primarily relies upon the most recent comparable sales prices. If recent sales prices are not available, the Company willconsider several factors, including, but not limited to, current market conditions, nearby recent sales transactions, and market analysis studies. If the netrealizable value is lower than the current carrying value, the land is written down to its net realizable value and disclosed if material.
Notes Receivable – Sky Ranch CAB
As noted above and described in greater detail in Note 5, the Sky Ranch CAB is responsible for building certain public improvements at Sky Ranch. Through various funding agreements, the Company is obligated to provide funding to the Sky Ranch CAB for public improvements, which isreimbursable to the Company. The Company has determined the reimbursement of public improvement costs, for which the Company has an enforceableright to payment, are probable of collection. Therefore, the Company recognizes the reimbursable public improvements costs incurred to date at Sky Ranchin the Notes receivable – related party, reimbursable public improvements and project management fees account on the accompanying consolidated balancesheet. The Company performs a quantitative impairment assessment by estimating the fair value of the Notes receivable – related party usingthe discounted cash flow method.
Concentration of Credit Risk and Fair Value
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and investments.From time to time, the Company places its cash in money market instruments, certificates of deposit and U.S. government treasury obligations. To date, theCompany has not experienced significant losses on any of these investments.
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instrument for which it is practicable to estimate thatvalue. The Company uses a fair value hierarchy that has three levels of inputs, both observable and unobservable, with use of the lowest possible level ofsignificant input to determine where within the fair value hierarchy the measurement falls. The estimated fair value measurements in Note 2 are based onLevel 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
Cash and cash equivalents – The Company’s cash and cash equivalents are reported using the values as reported by the financial institution where thefunds are held. These securities primarily include balances in the Company’s operating and savings accounts. The carrying amount of cash and cashequivalents approximate fair value.
Trade accounts receivable – Trade accounts receivable are reported net of allowances for uncollectible accounts and the carrying values approximate fairvalue due to the short-term nature of the receivables.
Restricted cash – The Company has entered into 12 separate cash-secured performance standby letter of credit agreements with its primary banks toprovide assurance the Company will perform on various construction agreements. As of August 31, 2025, the 12 letters of credit totaled $6.4 million,which are fully secured by cash held in restricted accounts at the banks, which approximates its fair value is cash is held in savings accounts.
Table of Contents
F-11
Notes receivable – related parties – The carrying amounts of the notes receivable – related parties with the Rangeview Metropolitan District (RangeviewDistrict) and the Sky Ranch CAB approximate their fair value because the interest rates on the notes currently approximate market rates.
Accounts payable – The carrying amounts of accounts payable approximate fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.
Debt – The carrying amounts of the Company’s debt approximate fair value because the rates are floating rates based on the prime lending rate, whichapproximates market rates.
Trade Accounts Receivable
The Company records accounts receivable net of expected credit losses. The Company has recorded expected credit losses for uncollectible accountsreceivables from continuing operations totaling less than $0.1 million and $0.1 million for the periods ended August 31, 2025 and 2024. The expectedcredit losses for uncollectible accounts were determined based on lifetime expected credit losses using an aging schedule for each pool of tradeaccounts receivable. Pools are determined based on risk characteristics by the type of customer.
Recoverability of Long-Lived Assets
The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment if the Company determines events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carryingamount of an asset may not be recoverable. Estimates of future cash flows and timing of events for evaluating long-lived assets for impairment are basedupon management’s assumptions and market conditions. If any of its long-lived assets are deemed to be impaired, the amount of impairment to berecognized is the excess of the carrying amount of the assets over its fair value. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount orfair value less costs to sell. During the years ended August 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recognized less than $0.1 million and $0.
Capitalized Costs of Water and Wastewater Systems and Depreciation and Depletion Charges
Costs to construct water and wastewater systems that meet the Company’s capitalization criteria are capitalized as incurred, including interest, ifapplicable, and depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of up to 30 years. The Company capitalizes design and constructioncosts related to construction activities, and it capitalizes certain legal, engineering and permitting costs relating to the adjudication and improvement of itswater assets.
The Company depletes its water assets that are being utilized based on units produced (i.e., acre-feet sold) divided by the total volume of water adjudicatedpursuant to the water decrees.
Revenue Recognition
The Company disaggregates revenue by major product line as reported on the consolidated statements of income.
The Company currently generates revenues through its three business segments. Revenues are derived through its wholesale water and wastewater businessand through the sale of developed land primarily for residential lots, both of which businesses are described below.
Water and Wastewater Resource Development Segment Revenue
Pure Cycle generates revenue through its wholesale water and wastewater business predominantly from the items described below. Because these items areseparately delivered and distinct, Pure Cycle accounts for each of the items separately.
Monthly water usage and wastewater treatment fees – Pure Cycle provides water and wastewater services to customers, for which the customers arecharged monthly usage fees. Water usage fees are assessed to customers based on actual metered usage each month plus a base monthly service feeassessed per single-family equivalent (SFE) unit served. One SFE is a customer, whether residential, commercial or industrial, that imparts a demand onthe Company’s water or wastewater systems similar to the demand of a family of four persons living in a single-family house on a standard-sized lot. Waterusage pricing is based on a tiered pricing structure. Pure