Submission Header Summary
Element Value
Submission Type 40-F
Filer Information
  CIK 0001829726
  CCC ********
Emerging Growth Companyfalse
Issuer Stock Exchanges
  Stock ExchangeNYSE
Period Date 12-31-2025
Notifications
  Email Address bridgesupport@toppanmerrill.com
  Email Address cdicker@tripleflagpm.com
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Proofs App #: 10
Page: 1/1
Document Sequence
CountOutput File NameSource File Name Document TypeDescriptionPDF Action
1 tfpm-20251231x40f.htmtfpm_Current Folio_40F_TaxonomyIFRS202540-F 40-F
2 tfpm-20251231xex99d1.htmtfpm_Ex99_1 EX-99.1 EX-99.1
3 tfpm-20251231xex99d2.htmtfpm_Ex99_2_Taxonomy IFRS2025EX-99.2 EX-99.2
4 tfpm-20251231xex99d3.htmtfpm_Ex99_3 EX-99.3 EX-99.3
5 tfpm-20251231xex99d4.htmtfpm_Ex99_4 EX-99.4 EX-99.4
6 tfpm-20251231xex99d5.htmtfpm_Ex99_5 EX-99.5 EX-99.5
7 tfpm-20251231xex99d6.htmtfpm_Ex99_6 EX-99.6 EX-99.6
8 tfpm-20251231xex99d7.htmtfpm_Ex99_7 EX-99.7 EX-99.7
9 tfpm-20251231xex99d8.htmtfpm_Ex99_8 EX-99.8 EX-99.8
10 tfpm-20251231xex99d9.htmtfpm_Ex99_9 EX-99.9 EX-99.9
11 tfpm-20251231xex99d2001.jpg GRAPHIC GRAPHIC
12 tfpm-20251231xex99d2002.jpg GRAPHIC GRAPHIC
13 tfpm-20251231xex99d2003.jpg GRAPHIC GRAPHIC
14 tfpm-20251231xex99d1001.jpg GRAPHIC GRAPHIC
15 tfpm-20251231xex99d1002.jpg GRAPHIC GRAPHIC
16 tfpm-20251231xex99d1003.jpg GRAPHIC GRAPHIC
17 tfpm-20251231xex99d1004.jpg GRAPHIC GRAPHIC
18 tfpm-20251231xex99d3001.jpg GRAPHIC GRAPHIC
19 tfpm-20251231xex99d3002.jpg GRAPHIC GRAPHIC
20 tfpm-20251231.xsd EX-101.SCHEX-101.SCH
21 tfpm-20251231_cal.xml EX-101.CALEX-101.CAL
22 tfpm-20251231_def.xml EX-101.DEFEX-101.DEF
23 tfpm-20251231_lab.xml EX-101.LABEX-101.LAB
24 tfpm-20251231_pre.xml EX-101.PREEX-101.PRE
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Proofs App #: 10
Page: 1/1
UNITED STATESSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549
FORM 40-F
☐ Registration statement pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
or
☒ Annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
December 31, 2025       001-41484For the fiscal year ended  Commission File Number
TRIPLE FLAG PRECIOUS METALS CORP.(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
Canada        6795        98-1712746(Province or other jurisdiction ofincorporation or organization)  (Primary Standard IndustrialClassification Code Number)  (I.R.S. Employer IdentificationNumber) 
TD Canada Trust Tower161 Bay Street, Suite 4535Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2S1(416) 304-9741
(Address and telephone number of Registrant’s principal executive offices)
Triple Flag USA Royalties Ltd.c/o Torys LLP1114 Avenue of the Americas, 23rd FloorNew York, New York 10036(212) 880-6000
(Name, address (including zip code) and telephone number(including area code) of agent for service in the United States)
Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class        Trading symbol(s)        Name of each exchange on which registeredCommon Shares, no par value  TFPM  New York Stock Exchange
Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None
For annual reports, indicate by check mark the information filed with this Form:
☒ Annual information form        ☒ Audited annual financial statements
Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report: 206,531,806 asof December 31, 2025.
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or forsuch shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. ☒
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Current Folio_40F_TaxonomyIFRS2025 (v0.24)
Page: 1/9
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T(§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use theextended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
† The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting StandardsCodification after April 5, 2012.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financialreporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect thecorrection of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of theregistrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Current Folio_40F_TaxonomyIFRS2025 (v0.24)
Page: 2/9
DIFFERENCES IN UNITED STATES AND CANADIAN REPORTING PRACTICES
Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. (the “Registrant”) is permitted, under a multijurisdictional disclosure system adopted by the United States, to prepare reports it files withthe United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC” or the “Commission”) in accordance with Canadian disclosure requirements, which are different fromthose of the United States. The Registrant currently prepares its financial statements, which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 40-F (this “Form 40-F”) inaccordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, and as a result, they may differ from financialstatements filed by United States companies.
FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION
This Form 40-F contains “forward-looking information” and “forward looking statements” within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws and the United StatesPrivate Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, respectively (collectively referred to herein as “forward-looking information”). Forward-looking information may beidentified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “plans”, “targets”, “expects”, “is expected”, “budget”, “scheduled”, “estimates”, “outlook”, “forecasts”,“projection”, “prospects”, “strategy”, “intends”, “anticipates”, “believes”, or variations of such words and phrases or terminology which states that certain actions, events orresults “may”, “could”, “would”, “might”, “will”, “will be taken”, “occur” or “be achieved”. The Registrant’s assessments of, and expectations for, future periods described inthis Form 40-F, including the Registrant’s future financial outlook and anticipated events or results, business, financial position, business strategy, growth plans, andstrategies, budgets, operations, financial results, taxes, dividend policy, plans and objectives, are considered forward-looking information. In addition, any statements thatrefer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management’s expectations, estimates and projections regarding possible future events or circumstances.
The forward-looking information included in this Form 40-F is based on the Registrant’s opinions, estimates and assumptions in light of the Registrant’s experience andperception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors that the Registrant currently believes are appropriate andreasonable in the circumstances. The forward-looking information contained in this Form 40-F is also based upon the ongoing operation of the properties in which theRegistrant holds a stream, royalty or other similar interest by the owners or operators of such properties in a manner consistent with past practice; the accuracy of publicstatements and disclosures made by the owners or operators of such underlying properties; and the accuracy of publicly disclosed expectations for the development ofunderlying properties that are not yet in production. These assumptions include, but are not limited to, the following: assumptions in respect of current and future marketconditions and the execution of the Registrant’s business strategies, that operations, or ramp-up where applicable, at properties in which the Registrant holds a royalty, streamor other interest, continue without further interruption through the period, and the absence of any other factors that could cause actions, events or results to differ from thoseanticipated, estimated, intended or implied. Despite a careful process to prepare and review the forward-looking information, there can be no assurance that the underlyingopinions, estimates and assumptions will prove to be correct. Forward-looking information is also subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors thatmay cause the actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information.Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, those set forth under the caption “Risk Factors” in the Registrant’s annual information form filed asExhibit 99.1 to this Form 40-F. In addition, mineral resources that are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability and inferred resources are consideredtoo geologically speculative for the application of economic considerations.
Although the Registrant has attempted to identify important risk factors that could cause actual results or future events to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information, there may be other risk factors not presently known to the Registrant or that the Registrant presently believes are not material that could also causeactual results or future events to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking information. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to beaccurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such information. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance onforward-looking information, which speaks only as of the date made. The forward-looking information contained in this Form 40-F represents the Registrant’s expectations asof the date of this Form 40-F and is subject to change after such date. The Registrant disclaims any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking information whether because of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable securities laws. All the forward-looking informationcontained in this Form 40-F is expressly qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Current Folio_40F_TaxonomyIFRS2025 (v0.24)
Page: 3/9
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING MINERAL RESERVE AND RESOURCE ESTIMATES
This Form 40-F and the documents filed as exhibits hereto have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Canadian securities laws in effect in Canada, includingNational Instrument 43-101 — Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects (“NI 43-101”), which differ from the requirements of U.S. securities laws. NI 43-101 is a ruledeveloped by the Canadian securities regulatory authorities which establishes standards for all public disclosure of scientific and technical information concerning mineralprojects made by an issuer. Unless otherwise indicated, all mineral resource and mineral reserve estimates included in this Form 40-F and the documents filed as exhibitshereto have been prepared by the owners or operators of the relevant properties (as and to the extent indicated by them) in accordance with NI 43-101 and the CanadianInstitute of Mining and Metallurgy Classification System. In addition to reserves and resource estimates prepared in accordance with NI 43-101 and the standards of theCanadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum (“CIM”), certain reserve and resource estimates included in this Form 40-F and the documents filed as exhibitshereto have been prepared in accordance with the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves prepared by the Joint OreReserves Committee of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, Australian Institute of Geoscientists and Minerals Council of Australia, as amended or the SouthAfrican Code for the Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves prepared by the South African Mineral Resource Committee under the JointAuspices of the Southern African Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and the Geological Society of South Africa, as amended.
These standards, including NI 43-101 and CIM, may differ from the requirements of the SEC under subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K (“S-K 1300”), and reserve and resourceinformation contained herein may not be comparable to similar information disclosed by U.S. companies.
The terms “mineral reserve”, “proven mineral reserve” and “probable mineral reserve” are Canadian mining terms as defined in accordance with NI 43-101 and CIM.Pursuant to S-K 1300, the SEC now recognizes estimates of “measured mineral resources,” “indicated mineral resources” and “inferred mineral resources.” In addition, theSEC has amended its definitions of “proven mineral reserves” and “probable mineral reserves” to be substantially similar to the corresponding standards of the CIM.
Investors are cautioned that while terms are substantially similar to CIM standards, there are differences in the definitions and standards under S-K 1300 and the CIMstandards. Accordingly, there is no assurance any mineral reserves or mineral resources that the Registrant may report as “proven reserves”, “probable reserves”, “measuredmineral resources”, “indicated mineral resources” and “inferred mineral resources” under NI 43-101 will be the same as the mineral reserve or mineral resource estimatesprepared under the standards adopted under S-K 1300. Investors are also cautioned that while the SEC now recognizes “measured mineral resources”, “indicated mineralresources” and “inferred mineral resources”, investors should not assume that any part of or all mineral deposits in these categories will ever be converted into reserves.Mineralization described using these terms has a great amount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their economic and legal feasibility. It cannot beassumed that all or any part of a “measured mineral resource”, “indicated mineral resource” or “inferred mineral resource” will ever be upgraded to a higher category. UnderCanadian rules, estimates of inferred mineral resources may not form the basis of feasibility or pre-feasibility studies, except in rare cases. Investors are cautioned not toassume that all or any part of an inferred mineral resource exists or is economically or legally mineable.
Accordingly, information contained in this Form 40-F and the documents filed as exhibits hereto may not be comparable to similar information made public by U.S.companies subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements under the United States federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder.
PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS
In accordance with General Instruction B.(3) of Form 40-F, the following documents that are filed as exhibits to this Form 40-F are incorporated herein by reference:
● Exhibit 99.1, Annual Information Form of the Registrant for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (the “Annual Information Form”);● Exhibit 99.2, Consolidated financial statements of the Registrant, including the notes thereto, together with the Report of Independent Registered PublicAccounting Firm thereon, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (the “Audited Financial Statements”); and● Exhibit 99.3, Management’s discussion and analysis of the Registrant for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (the “MD&A”).
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Current Folio_40F_TaxonomyIFRS2025 (v0.24)
Page: 4/9
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
The information relating to the Registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and management’s evaluation thereof that is included under the heading “Disclosure Controls& Procedures” in the MD&A is hereby incorporated by reference herein.
MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
The management’s report on internal control over financial reporting is included with the Audited Financial Statements and incorporated by reference herein.
ATTESTATION REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PCAOB ID#271), an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the effectiveness of the Registrant’s internal control over financialreporting as of December 31, 2025, and issued an unqualified opinion thereon, as stated in their report included in the Audited Financial Statements and incorporated byreference herein.
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
The information relating to changes in the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that is included under the heading “Internal Controls Over FinancialReporting” in the MD&A is hereby incorporated by reference herein.
CODE OF ETHICS
The Registrant has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics (the “Code of Conduct”), which is applicable to all directors, officers and employees. All amendments tothe Code of Conduct, and all waivers of the Code of Conduct with respect to any of the officers covered by it, will be promptly posted on the Registrant’s website andprovided in print to any shareholder who requests them. The Code of Conduct is located on its website at www.tripleflagpm.com under the heading “Sustainability—Policies& Mandates”. Information contained or otherwise accessed through the Registrant’s website or any other website, other than those documents filed as exhibits hereto orotherwise specifically referred to herein, does not form part of this Form 40-F, and any reference to the Registrant’s website herein is as an inactive textual reference only.
AUDIT COMMITTEE INFORMATION
The Board of Directors of the Registrant (the “Board”) has a separately designated standing Audit & Risk Committee established for the purpose of overseeing theaccounting and financial reporting processes of the Registrant and audits of the financial statements of the Registrant in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the ExchangeAct. As of the date of this Form 40-F, the Audit & Risk Committee is comprised of Elizabeth Wademan, Blake Rhodes and chair Susan Allen, each of whom is independentunder the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) listing standards (the “NYSE Listing Standards”) and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. In addition, the Board hasdetermined that Susan Allen is an “audit committee financial expert” within the meaning of the rules of the SEC. The information provided under the heading “Directors andOfficers—Audit Committee Information” in the Annual Information Form is hereby incorporated by reference herein.
A copy of the written charter of the Audit & Risk Committee adopted by the Board of the Registrant appears as Appendix A to the Annual Information Form, and is alsoavailable on the Registrant’s website at www.tripleflagpm.com, under the heading “Sustainability—Policies & Mandates”.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Current Folio_40F_TaxonomyIFRS2025 (v0.24)
Page: 5/9
AUDIT FEE DISCLOSURE
The information relating to the Registrant’s principal accountant fees and services and the pre-approval policies and procedures of the Registrant’s Audit & Risk Committeethat is included under the heading “Directors and Officers—Audit Committee Information—External Auditor Service Fees” in the Annual Information Form is herebyincorporated by reference herein.
OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
The Registrant does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.
NOTICES PURSUANT TO REGULATION BTR
Not applicable.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE
The Registrant does not operate any mine in the United States and has no mine safety incidents to report for the year ended December 31, 2025.
DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
Not applicable.
RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION
Not applicable.
NYSE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
A foreign private issuer that follows home country practices in lieu of certain provisions of the NYSE Listing Standards must disclose the ways in which its corporategovernance practices differ from those followed by domestic companies.
The Registrant is permitted to follow certain Canadian corporate governance practices in lieu of those required by the NYSE Listing Standards. In particular, the Registrantfollows the listing rules of the Toronto Stock Exchange in respect of private placements instead of the requirements of the NYSE to obtain shareholder approval for certaindilutive events (such as issuances that will result in a change of control, certain transactions other than a public offering involving issuances of a 20% or greater interest in theRegistrant and certain acquisitions of the shares or assets of another company).
Because the Registrant’s principal shareholder, Triple Flag Mining Aggregator S.à r.l., controls a majority of the voting power of the outstanding common shares in thecapital of the Registrant (the “Common Shares”), the Registrant qualifies as a “controlled company” within the meaning of the NYSE Listing Standards. As a controlledcompany, the Registrant is eligible to and, in the event it no longer qualifies as a “foreign private issuer” under SEC rules, the Registrant will be able to elect not to complywith certain of the NYSE corporate governance standards. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Registrant believes it is currently in compliance with all applicable NYSEcorporate governance standards.
UNDERTAKING
The Registrant undertakes to make available, in person or by telephone, representatives to respond to inquiries made by the Commission staff, and to furnish promptly, whenrequested to do so by the Commission staff, information relating to: the securities registered pursuant to Form 40-F; the securities in relation to which the obligation to file anannual report on Form 40-F arises; or transactions in said securities.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Current Folio_40F_TaxonomyIFRS2025 (v0.24)
Page: 6/9
CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS
The Registrant has previously filed with the Commission an Appointment of Agent for Service of Process and Undertaking on Form F-X in respect of its Common Shares,the class of securities in relation to which the obligation to file this Form 40-F arises.
Any change to the name or address of the Registrant’s agent for service shall be communicated promptly to the Commission by amendment to the Form F-X referencing thefile number of the Registrant.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Current Folio_40F_TaxonomyIFRS2025 (v0.24)
Page: 7/9
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Registrant certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 40-F and has duly caused this annual reportto be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized.
TRIPLE FLAG PRECIOUS METALS CORP.
By: /s/ Eban BariName: Eban BariTitle: Chief Financial Officer
Date: March 27, 2026
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Current Folio_40F_TaxonomyIFRS2025 (v0.24)
Page: 8/9
EXHIBIT INDEX
The following documents are being filed with the Commission as Exhibits to this Form 40-F:
Exhibit No. Description97.1 Compensation Recovery Policy*99.1 Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 202599.2 Consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 202499.3 Management’s discussion and analysis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 202599.4 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 200299.5 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 200299.6 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 200299.7 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 200299.8 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PCAOB ID# 271)99.9 Consent of James Lill101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document104 Cover page interactive data file
* Filed as Exhibit 97.1 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 40-F filed on March 28, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Current Folio_40F_TaxonomyIFRS2025 (v0.24)
Page: 9/9
Table of Contents
Exhibit 99.1
Annual Information Form
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Expressed in United States Dollars)
Dated as of March 27, 2026
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 1/89
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
INTRODUCTORY NOTES 2
GENERAL INFORMATION 2
FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 2
MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA 3
EXCHANGE RATE INFORMATION 3
COMMODITY PRICE INFORMATION 4
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING MINERAL RESERVE AND RESOURCE ESTIMATES 4
TECHNICAL AND THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION 5
ADDITIONAL CAUTION REGARDING ESG-RELATED DISCLOSURES 6
THE COMPANY 6
DESCRIPTION OF OUR BUSINESS 7
THREE-YEAR HISTORY 9
ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE 13
RISK FACTORS 14
SUMMARY OF MINERAL RESOURCES AND MINERAL RESERVES 40
NORTHPARKES MINING AND TECHNICAL INFORMATION 53
DIVIDENDS 66
CAPITAL STRUCTURE 66
MARKET FOR SECURITIES 71
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 73
PROMOTER 78
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS & REGULATORY ACTIONS 78
INTERESTS OF MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS 79
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 79
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 79
INTERESTS OF EXPERTS 79
AUDIT COMMITTEE INFORMATION 80
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 81
APPENDIX A – AUDIT & RISK COMMITTEE CHARTER 1
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 2/89
Table of Contents
- 2 -
INTRODUCTORY NOTES
General Information
Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the terms “Triple Flag”, the “Company”, “our”, “us” and “we” refer to Triple Flag PreciousMetals Corp. and its subsidiaries. For reporting purposes, the Company presents its financial statements in United States dollars and in conformity withInternational Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS Accounting Standards”). All dollaramounts in this Annual Information Form (“AIF”) are expressed in United States dollars, except as otherwise indicated. References to “US$”, “$” or“dollars” are to United States dollars and references to “C$” are to Canadian dollars. Certain totals, subtotals and percentages in this AIF may not reconciledue to rounding.
The information contained in this AIF is as of December 31, 2025, unless otherwise indicated. More current information may be available on our website atwww.tripleflagpm.com or on the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval + (“SEDAR+”) at www.sedarplus.ca or on the website of theUnited States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) at www.sec.gov. Website addresses contained in this AIF are provided for informationalpurposes only and no information contained on, or accessible from, any websites referenced in this AIF are incorporated by reference herein unlessexpressly incorporated by reference.
Forward-Looking Information
This AIF contains “forward-looking information” and “forward looking statements” within the meaning of applicable securities laws in Canada and theUnited States, including the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (collectively referred to herein as “forward-lookinginformation”). Forward-looking information may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “plans”, “targets”, “expects”, “isexpected”, “budget”, “scheduled”, “estimates”, “outlook”, “forecasts”, “projection”, “prospects”, “strategy”, “intends”, “anticipates”, “believes”, orvariations of such words and phrases or terminology which states that certain actions, events or results “may”, “could”, “would”, “might”, “will”, “will betaken”, “occur” or “be achieved”. Our assessments of, and expectations for, future periods described in this AIF, including our future financial outlook andanticipated events or results, business, financial position, business strategy, growth plans, and strategies, budgets, operations, financial results, taxes,dividend policy, plans and objectives, and environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) targets, goals and objectives, are considered forward-lookinginformation. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances containforward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management’s expectations,estimates and projections regarding possible future events or circumstances.
The forward-looking information included in this AIF is based on our opinions, estimates and assumptions in light of our experience and perception ofhistorical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors that we currently believe are appropriate and reasonable inthe circumstances. The forward-looking information contained in this AIF are also based upon the ongoing operation of the properties in which we hold astream, royalty or other similar interest by the owners or operators of such properties in a manner consistent with past practice; the accuracy of publicstatements and disclosures made by the owners or operators of such underlying properties; and the accuracy of publicly disclosed expectations for thedevelopment of underlying properties that are not yet in production. These assumptions include, but are not limited to, the following: assumptions in respectof current and future market conditions and the execution of our business strategies, that operations, or ramp-up where applicable, at properties, projectsand/or mines in which we hold a royalty, stream or other interest, continue without further interruption through the period, and the absence of any otherfactors that could cause actions, events or results to differ from those anticipated, estimated, intended or implied. Despite a careful process to prepare andreview the forward-looking information, there can be no assurance that the underlying opinions, estimates and assumptions will prove to be correct.Forward-looking information is also subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, level of activity,performance or achievements, including our ability to meet our ESG - related targets, goals and objectives, to be materially different from those expressedor implied by such forward-looking information. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, those set forth under the caption“Risk Factors”. In addition, we note that Mineral Resources that are not Mineral Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability and inferredresources are considered too geologically speculative for the application of economic considerations.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 3/89
Table of Contents
- 3 -
Although we have attempted to identify important risk factors that could cause actual results or future events to differ materially from those contained inforward-looking information, there may be other risk factors not presently known to us or that we presently believe are not material that could also causeactual results or future events to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking information. There can be no assurance that suchinformation will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such information. Accordingly,readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information, which speaks only as of the date made. The forward-looking information containedin this AIF represents our expectations as of the date of this AIF and is subject to change after such date. We disclaim any intention or obligation orundertaking to update or revise any forward-looking information whether because of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required byapplicable securities laws. All the forward-looking information contained in this AIF is expressly qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements.
Market and Industry Data
This AIF refers to certain industry metrics which are a non-International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) measured and are based on stream androyalty interests and are calculated on a quarterly basis by dividing all revenue from such interests for the quarter by the average gold price during suchquarter.
Market and industry data presented throughout this AIF were obtained from third-party sources, industry reports and publications, websites and otherpublicly available information, as well as industry and other data prepared by us or on our behalf, because of our knowledge of the markets in which weoperate, including information provided by other industry participants. The gold price is determined based on the London Bullion Market Association(“LBMA”) PM fix. For periods longer than one quarter, gold equivalent ounces (“GEOs”) are summed for each quarter in the period. We believe that themarket and industry data presented throughout this AIF are accurate and, with respect to data prepared by us or on our behalf, that our opinions, estimatesand assumptions are currently appropriate and reasonable, but there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness thereof. The accuracy andcompleteness of the market and industry data presented throughout this AIF are not guaranteed and the Company does not make any representation as to theaccuracy of such data. Actual outcomes may vary materially from those forecast in such reports or publications, and the prospect for material variation canbe expected to increase as the length of the forecast period increases. Although we believe it to be reliable, the Company has not independently verified anyof the data from third-party sources referred to in this AIF, analyzed or verified the underlying studies or surveys relied upon or referred to by such sources,or ascertained the underlying market, economic and other assumptions relied upon by such sources. Market and industry data are subject to variations andcannot be verified due to limits on the availability and reliability of data inputs, the voluntary nature of the data gathering process and other limitations anduncertainties inherent in any statistical survey.
Exchange Rate Information
The following table sets forth the high and low rates of exchange for one U.S. dollar expressed in Canadian dollars during each of the indicated periods; theaverage rate of exchange for those periods; and the rate of exchange in effect at the end of those periods, based on the daily exchange rate published by theBank of Canada:
For the year ended December 31       2025        2024        2023
High   1.4603  1.4416  1.3875Low   1.3558  1.3316  1.3128Average rate for the period   1.3978  1.3698  1.3497Rate at the end of the period   1.3706  1.4389  1.3226
On March 25, 2026, the exchange rate for one U.S. dollar expressed in Canadian dollars as reported by the Bank of Canada, was 1.3801.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 4/89
Table of Contents
- 4 -
Commodity Price Information
The following tables set forth the average gold (based on the LBMA PM fix) and silver (based on the LBMA fix) prices for the periods indicated:
For the year ended December 31
       2025        2024        2023
Gold (USD$/oz)   3,432  2,386  1,941Silver (USD$/oz)  40.03  28.27  23.35
On March 25, 2026, the LBMA PM fix for gold was $4,565/oz and the LBMA fix for silver was $73.17/oz.
Cautionary Note Regarding Mineral Reserve and Resource Estimates
This AIF has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Canadian securities laws in effect in Canada, including National Instrument 43-101 —Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects (“NI 43-101”), which differ from the requirements of U.S. securities laws. NI 43-101 is a rule developed bythe Canadian securities regulatory authorities which establishes standards for all public disclosure of scientific and technical information concerning mineralprojects made by an issuer. Unless otherwise indicated, all Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve estimates included in this AIF have been prepared by theowners or operators of the relevant properties, projects and/or mines (as and to the extent indicated by them) in accordance with NI 43-101 and theCanadian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy Classification System. In addition to reserves and resource estimates prepared in accordance with NI 43-101and the standards of the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum (“CIM”), certain reserve and resource estimates included in the AIF havebeen prepared in accordance with the JORC Code or the South African Mineral Resource Committee under the Joint Auspices of the Southern AfricanInstitute of Mining and Metallurgy and the Geological Society of South Africa, as amended (“SAMREC”).
These standards, including NI 43-101 and CIM, may differ from the requirements of the SEC under subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K (“S-K 1300”), andreserve and resource information contained herein may not be comparable to similar information disclosed by U.S. companies.
The terms “Mineral Reserve”, “Proven Mineral Reserve” and “Probable Mineral Reserve” are Canadian mining terms as defined in accordance with NI 43-101 and CIM. Pursuant to S-K 1300, the SEC now recognizes estimates of “Measured Mineral Resources,” “Indicated Mineral Resources” and “InferredMineral Resources.” In addition, the SEC has amended its definitions of “Proven Mineral Reserves” and “Probable Mineral Reserves” to be substantiallysimilar to the corresponding standards of the CIM.
Investors are cautioned that while terms are substantially similar to CIM standards, there are differences in the definitions and standards under S-K 1300 andthe CIM standards. Accordingly, there is no assurance any Mineral Reserves or Mineral Resources that the Company may report as “Proven Reserves”,“Probable Reserves”, “Measured Mineral Resources”, “Indicated Mineral Resources” and “Inferred Mineral Resources” under NI 43-101 will be the sameas the Mineral Reserve or Mineral Resource estimates prepared under the standards adopted under S-K 1300. Investors are also cautioned that while theSEC now recognizes “Measured Mineral Resources”, “Indicated Mineral Resources” and “Inferred Mineral Resources”, investors should not assume thatany part of or all mineral deposits in these categories will ever be converted into Mineral Reserves. Mineralization described using these terms has a greatamount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their economic and legal feasibility. It cannot be assumed that all or any part of a“Measured Mineral Resource”, “Indicated Mineral Resource” or “Inferred Mineral Resource” will ever be upgraded to a higher category. Under Canadianrules, estimates of Inferred Mineral Resources may not form the basis of feasibility or pre-feasibility studies, except in rare cases. Investors are cautionednot to assume that all or any part of an Inferred Mineral Resource exists or is economically or legally mineable.
Accordingly, information contained in this AIF may not be comparable to similar information made public by U.S. companies subject to the reporting anddisclosure requirements under the United States federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 5/89
Table of Contents
- 5 -
Technical and Third-Party Information
Except where otherwise stated, the disclosure in this AIF relating to properties and operations on the properties in respect of which Triple Flag holds stream,royalty or other similar interests, including under the headings “Summary of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves” and “Northparkes Mining andTechnical Information”, is based on information publicly disclosed by the owners or operators of these properties and other information and data availablein the public domain as at December 31, 2025 (except where stated otherwise) and none of this information has been independently verified by Triple Flag.In the case of our material properties, the disclosure in this AIF is based on technical reports prepared and published by the relevant owner or operator inaccordance with NI 43-101 or, in the case of the Northparkes mine, on disclosure of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves by the operator in accordancewith the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves prepared by the Joint Ore Reserves Committee of theAustralasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, Australian Institute of Geoscientists and Minerals Council of Australia, as amended (“JORC”). None ofsuch information has been independently verified by Triple Flag.
Triple Flag does not own, develop or mine the underlying properties on which it holds stream or royalty interests. As a royalty or stream holder, Triple Flaghas limited, if any, access to properties included in its asset portfolio. Triple Flag is dependent on the owners or operators of the properties and theirqualified persons to provide information to Triple Flag or on publicly available information to prepare disclosure pertaining to properties and operations onthe properties on which Triple Flag holds stream, royalty or other similar interests. The assumptions and methodologies underpinning estimates of MineralResources and Mineral Reserves on a property, and the classification of mineralization in categories of measured, indicated and inferred and proven andprobable within the estimates of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves, respectively, and the assumptions and methodologies employed in proposedmining and recovery processes and production plans, were made by owners or operators and their qualified persons. Triple Flag generally has limited or noability to independently verify such information. Triple Flag has not verified, and is not in a position to verify, the accuracy, completeness or fairness ofsuch third-party information and refers the reader to the public reports filed by the operators for information regarding the properties in which Triple Flagholds a stream, royalty or similar interest. Although Triple Flag does not believe that such information is inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect,there can be no assurance that such third-party information is complete or accurate.
Some information publicly reported by operators may relate to a larger property than the area covered by Triple Flag’s stream, royalty or other similarinterest. Triple Flag’s stream, royalty or other similar interests in certain cases cover less than 100% and sometimes only a portion of the publicly reportedMineral Reserves, Mineral Resources and production of a property. In addition, numerical information presented in this AIF which has been derived frominformation publicly disclosed by owners or operators may have been rounded by Triple Flag and, therefore, there may be some inconsistencies between thenumerical information presented in this AIF and the information publicly disclosed by owners and operators.
As of the date of this AIF, Triple Flag considers its stream interest in the Northparkes mine to be its only material mineral property for the purposes of NI43-101. Triple Flag will continue to assess the materiality of its assets as new assets are acquired or assets progress through stages of development intoproduction. Information contained in this AIF with respect to the Northparkes mine has been prepared in accordance with the exemption set forth in section9.2 of NI 43-101.
Unless otherwise noted the disclosure contained in this AIF of a scientific and technical nature for the Northparkes mine is based on the informationdisclosed in the document entitled “Annual Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statement” and dated effective December 31, 2024, which document wasprepared on behalf of the Northparkes Joint Venture by Evolution Mining Limited (“Evolution”), as operator of the Northparkes mine, and is available onEvolution’s website at www.evolutionmining.com.au. Evolution discloses information required by the listing rules of the Australian Securities Exchange(“ASX”) on the ASX website at https://www.asx.com.au.
None of the foregoing reports, documents, filings or other documents are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this AIF.
James Lill, Director, Mining for Triple Flag and a “qualified person” under NI 43-101 has reviewed and approved the written scientific and technicaldisclosures contained in this AIF.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 6/89
Table of Contents
- 6 -
Additional Caution Regarding ESG-Related Disclosures
In setting and implementing our ESG targets, goals and objectives, the Company has made various assumptions, including about technological, economic,scientific and legal trends and developments, in light of an evolving policy and regulatory environment. As such, the ESG data, analysis, strategy and otherinformation set out in this document remain under development and subject to evolution, amendment, update and restatement over time. The Companyspecifically cautions readers of the following:
(i) the terms “ESG”, “net-zero” and similar terms, taxonomies and criteria are evolving, and the Company’s use of such terms may change toreflect such evolution;
(ii) there could also be changes to the ESG market practices, taxonomies, methodologies, scenarios, frameworks, criteria and other standards thatgovernmental and non-governmental entities, the mining and streaming and royalties sectors, the Company and its counterparties use toclassify, assess, measure, report on and verify ESG activities. The Company may update its ESG targets, goals and objectives, its plans toachieve them and its progress toward them, in light of new and evolving ESG standards; and
(iii)in setting and implementing its ESG targets, goals and objectives, the Company relies on data obtained from counterparties and other third-party sources. Although the Company believes these sources are reliable, the Company has not independently verified all third-party data, orassessed the assumptions underlying such data, and cannot guarantee their accuracy. Certain third-party data may also change over time asESG standards evolve. These factors could have a material effect on the Company’s ESG targets, goals and objectives and the ability to meetthem.
THE COMPANY
The Company was incorporated on October 10, 2019, under the Canada Business Corporations Act (“CBCA”) with the name Triple Flag Precious MetalsCorp. and amalgamated with its wholly owned subsidiary, Triple Flag Mining Finance Ltd., on November 8, 2019. Triple Flag is domiciled in Canada andthe address of its registered office is 161 Bay Street, Suite 4535, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2S1, Canada. On January 19, 2023, Triple Flag completed itsacquisition of all the issued and outstanding common shares of Maverix Metals Inc. (“Maverix”) by way of a plan of arrangement of Maverix under theCBCA.
The following chart lists our material wholly owned subsidiaries and their applicable governing jurisdictions as at December 31, 2025. As at December 31,2025, the Company owned, either directly or indirectly, 100% of the voting and non-voting securities of its material subsidiaries noted below.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 7/89
Table of Contents
- 7 -
DESCRIPTION OF OUR BUSINESS
Overview
Triple Flag, formed in 2016, is a precious-metals-focused streaming and royalty company offering bespoke financing solutions to the metals and miningindustry. Our mission is to be a sought-after, long-term funding partner to mining companies throughout the commodity cycle, while generating attractivereturns for our investors.
We have systematically developed a long-life, low-cost, high-quality, diversified portfolio of streams and royalties providing exposure primarily to gold andsilver in the Americas and Australia.
Our portfolio is underpinned by a stable base of cash flow generating streams and royalties and is designed to grow over time through exposure to potentialmine life extensions, exploration success, new mine builds and throughput expansions. In addition, we are focused on generating additional shareholdervalue by executing accretive investments to increase the scale and quality of our portfolio of precious metal streams and royalties. We believe we have adifferentiated approach to deal origination and due diligence, that enables us to increase the applicability of stream and royalty financing to an underservedmining sector, expanding the application of this form of financing through bespoke deal generation for miners and create a high-quality, precious metals-focused portfolio of streams and royalties for our investors.
Streaming and Royalty Business
In a stream, the holder makes an upfront deposit and ongoing payments in exchange for a percentage of specified metals (often a by-product of the mine)determined with reference to metals produced from a mine, at a pre-agreed price or percentage of market price. A royalty is a payment to a royalty holder byan operator or owner of a mining property and is typically based on a percentage of the minerals produced or the revenues or profits generated from theproperty. Stream interests and, typically, royalty interests, are established through a contract between the holder and the property owner. Streams androyalties are not typically working interests in a property and, therefore, the holder is generally not responsible for contributing additional funds for anypurpose, including operating or capital costs or environmental and reclamation liabilities.
Stream interests and revenue-based royalty interests (as opposed to profit-based royalty interests) have no direct exposure to operating and capital costsincurred at the property level. As a result, a holder of such stream or revenue-based royalty is typically insulated from inflation in operating and capitalcosts, as well as care and maintenance costs associated with temporary mine suspensions. However, since streams and royalties are usually structured for theentire life-of-mine and as a percentage of metal production, the holders benefit from the upside provided by exploration success, mine life extensions andoperational expansions within the areas covered by the streams and royalties, typically without sharing in the costs that operators incur to realize suchupside. A streaming and royalty business model also facilitates greater diversification than is typical for mining companies.
Summary of Our Asset Portfolio
As at the date of this AIF, we own a portfolio of 239 streams and royalties that includes 16 streams and 223 royalties. Of these assets, 34 investments are oncurrently producing operations and 205 are on projects at a development or exploration stage.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 8/89
Table of Contents
- 8 -
Our Material Property
Northparkes Mine — New South Wales, Australia
On July 10, 2020, Triple Flag International Ltd. (“TF International”) entered into a metal purchase and sale agreement, effective as of July 1, 2020, (the“Northparkes Stream Agreement”) with CMOC Metals Holding Limited (“CMOC”), CMOC Mining Pty Limited and CMOC Mining Services PtyLimited (subsidiaries of CMOC) and CMOC, pursuant to which, in exchange for total upfront cash consideration of $550 million paid by us, plus a paymentequal to 10% of the spot gold price and spot silver price for each ounce of gold and silver purchased, we agreed to purchase from CMOC Metals HoldingLimited: (i) gold equivalent to 54% of the payable gold produced from the Northparkes mine until such time as an aggregate of 630,000 ounces have beendelivered to us, and thereafter 27% of payable gold; and (ii) silver equivalent to 80% of the payable silver produced from the Northparkes mine until suchtime as an aggregate of nine million ounces of silver have been delivered to us, and 40% of the silver thereafter for the remainder of the life of the mine. Ourstream interest covers an area of approximately 1,094 square kilometers. Under the terms of the agreement, Triple Flag was granted a ROFR over futurestreaming agreements, royalty agreements or similar transactions related to minerals produced at the Northparkes mine. The parties’ obligations under thestream are unsecured.
On December 18, 2023, Evolution announced that it had completed the acquisition of CMOC’s 80% interest in the Northparkes mine. In connection withsuch acquisition, Evolution assumed the obligations of CMOC and its subsidiaries under the Northparkes Stream Agreement.
On February 10, 2026, Triple Flag announced that TF International had agreed with Evolution to fund $84.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2026 to developthe new gold-dominant E44 open pit deposit at Northparkes. In addition, Evolution has committed to guaranteed minimum deliveries of 45,052 ounces ofgold and 446,200 ounces of silver over the 2030 to 2037 period from the E44 gold deposit. Deliveries to Triple Flag from the E44 gold deposit are excludedfor the purpose of calculating the step-down milestones under the Northparkes Stream Agreement.
Operations
Employees
We currently have 20 employees, 16 of whom are employed in Canada and 4 employed internationally. Our employees are not subject to a labor contract orcollective bargaining agreement. We consider our overall employee relations to be good.
Sale of Precious Metals Credits
Under our precious metals streaming agreements, precious metals are acquired by us from the mine operator in the form of precious metals credits, whichwe then sell through financial institutions specializing in precious metals dealing such as third-party dealers and brokers. We recognize revenue from thesale of precious metals credits at the time of the sale of such credits, which is the date that control of the credits is transferred to the purchaser. We would notbe materially affected if any of these financial institutions cease to purchase precious metals credits from us as there are alternative precious metals dealersavailable to us.
Regulation of Operations/Interests
We have stream, royalty and other similar interests in respect of mines and properties in Argentina, Australia, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Burkina Faso,Canada, Chile, Colombia, Côte d’Ivoire, the Dominican Republic, French Guiana, Ghana, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Mongolia, New Zealand,Nicaragua, Peru, Russia, South Africa, Tanzania and the United States. Those operations are subject to regulation (and changes thereto) in thosejurisdictions with respect to land tenure, productions, export controls, taxation, environmental legislation, land and water use, local indigenous people’sinterests, mine safety and expropriation of property. Although we, as a stream or royalty interest owner, are not responsible for ensuring compliance withthese laws and regulations, failure by the operators to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permits could result in injunctive action, orders tosuspend or cease operations, damages and civil and criminal penalties on the operators, which could have a material adverse effect on our results ofoperations and financial condition.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 9/89
Table of Contents
- 9 -
Competitive Conditions
We compete with other providers of streaming and royalty financing, and in particular Franco-Nevada Corporation, Wheaton Precious Metals Corp., RoyalGold, Inc. and OR Royalties Inc., among others. In addition, we compete with many other alternative providers of finance to the mining sector, as well asproviders of traditional debt and equity financing. Many of our competitors have been established longer than us and may have larger financial resourcesthan we do. Our ability to acquire additional precious metals streams and royalties in the future will depend on our ability to select suitable properties, besuccessful in any competitive process initiated by a mine operator in respect of a property, and to obtain required financing.
THREE-YEAR HISTORY
Events Subsequent to December 31, 2025
Agreement with Evolution for the Development of the E44 Deposit
On February 10, 2026, Triple Flag announced that TF International had agreed with Evolution to fund $84.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2026 to developthe new gold-dominant E44 open pit deposit at Northparkes. In addition, Evolution has committed to guaranteed minimum deliveries of 45,052 ounces ofgold and 446,200 ounces of silver over the 2030 to 2037 period from the E44 gold deposit (collectively, the “E44 Amendment”).
The E44 gold deposit is a gold-dominant deposit located approximately 21 kilometers away from current mill infrastructure and mining areas. Pursuant tothe E44 Amendment, TF International is entitled to purchase 20% of payable gold and 30% of payable silver from the E44 gold deposit for an ongoingpayment of 10% of the spot gold and silver price for each ounce delivered.
Financial Year Ended December 31, 2025
Renewal of Normal Course Issuer Bid
In November 2025, Triple Flag received approval from the Toronto Stock Exchange (the “TSX”) to renew its normal course issuer bid (“NCIB”) and TripleFlag also re-established an Automatic Share Purchase Plan (“ASPP”) with the designated broker responsible for the NCIB to allow for the purchase ofcommon shares under the NCIB at times when Triple Flag would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase common shares due to regulatory restrictions andcustomary self-imposed blackout periods. See “Capital Structure – Normal Course Issuer Bid”. As at December 31, 2025, the Company had purchased518,300 of its common shares under the NCIB for $9.0 million. From January 1, 2026, to March 25, 2026, the Company had purchased 26,459 of itscommon shares under the NCIB for $1 million.
Acquisition of Minera Florida Royalties (1.5% and 0.8% net smelter returns (“NSR”) royalties)
On August 27, 2025, Triple Flag acquired a portfolio of royalties (the “Minera Florida Royalties”) on the Minera Florida gold mine in Chile, operated byPan American Silver Corp., from unrelated third parties for total cash consideration of $23.0 million. The portfolio consists of a 0.8% NSR royalty on theAgua Fria concessions, a 1.5% NSR royalty on the Mila concessions, and a 1.5% NSR royalty on the Los Moscos and Piche concessions.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 10/89
Table of Contents
- 10 -
Acquisition of Orogen Royalties Inc. (“Orogen”)
On July 9, 2025, Triple Flag completed the acquisition of all the issued and outstanding common shares of Orogen pursuant to the plan of arrangement (the“Orogen Transaction”). Triple Flag paid C$171.5 million in cash in total and issued 5,633,629 Triple Flag common shares to Orogen shareholders. All ofOrogen’s royalty assets, except for the 1.0% NSR royalty on the Arthur gold project (formerly the Expanded Silicon project) in Nevada, were spun off to aseparate publicly traded company (“Orogen Spinco”) as part of the Orogen Transaction. In conjunction with the completion of the Orogen Transaction,Triple Flag invested C$10.0 million to acquire 6,756,757 common shares (an approximate ownership interest of 11%) of Orogen Spinco. Following theacquisition, Orogen Royalties Inc. was renamed to Triple Flag Nevada Inc. and Orogen Spinco assumed the name of Orogen Royalties Inc.
Acquisition of 1.5% gross revenue royalty (“GRR”) on the Johnson Camp Mine
On June 26, 2025, Triple Flag acquired a 1.5% GRR from Greenstone Excelsior Holdings L.P. (“Greenstone”) on the Johnson Camp Mine in Arizona,United States, operated by Gunnison Copper Corp. for total cash consideration of $4.0 million. This royalty is in addition to the pre-existing 1.5% GRRwhich Triple Flag already owns on the Johnson Camp Mine.
Renewal of Credit Facility
On April 22, 2025, Triple Flag renewed and upsized its revolving credit facility (the “Credit Facility”) at more favorable terms. Following the renewal,Triple Flag has a Credit Facility of $700 million with an additional uncommitted accordion of up to $300 million, for total available liquidity of $1 billion.This represents an increase from the previous credit facility agreement which had credit facility of $500 million and an accordion of up to $200 million.
Acquisition of 0.5% GRR on the Tres Quebradas lithium project
On March 19, 2025, Triple Flag completed the acquisition of an existing 0.5% GRR from Lithium Royalty Corp. for total cash consideration of $28.0million. The royalty covers all mineral properties comprising the Tres Quebradas lithium project. The project is located in Catamarca province, Argentinaand is 100%-owned and operated by Zijin Mining Group Co., Ltd. through its subsidiary Liex SA.
Acquisition of 5% silver and gold streams on Arcata and Azuca mines
On February 27, 2025, Triple Flag completed the acquisition of 5% silver and gold streams on each of the Arcata and Azuca mines (the “Sierra SunStreams”) operated by Sierra Precious Metals S.A.C., for total cash consideration of $35.0 million. Triple Flag will make ongoing payments of 10% of thespot silver and gold price for each ounce delivered under the Sierra Sun Streams. The Sierra Sun Streams cover the existing mining and exploration licensesfor the Arcata and Azuca mines, both located in Peru, for the life of the operations. There is no step-down in stream rates.
Financial Year Ended December 31, 2024
Normal Course Issuer Bid
In November 2024, Triple Flag received approval from the TSX to renew its NCIB and Triple Flag also re-established an ASPP with the designated brokerresponsible for the NCIB to allow for the purchase of common shares under the NCIB at times when Triple Flag would ordinarily not be permitted topurchase common shares due to regulatory restrictions and customary self-imposed blackout periods. See “Capital Structure – Normal Course Issuer Bid”.As at December 31, 2024, the Company had purchased 615,200 of its common shares under the NCIB for $8.916 million. From January 1, 2025, toMarch 26, 2025, the Company had purchased 488,600 of its common shares under the NCIB for $8.0 million.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 11/89
Table of Contents
- 11 -
Executive Leadership Transition
On September 26, 2024, following the departure of our founder and former Chief Executive Officer, Shaun Usmar, Sheldon Vanderkooy was appointed asChief Executive Officer, James Dendle as Chief Operating Officer and Eban Bari as Chief Financial Officer. Drawing upon our succession planning matrix,we successfully filled the roles internally.
Acquisition of 3% Gold Streams on Agbaou and Bonikro
On August 14, 2024, Triple Flag completed the acquisition of 3% gold streams on each of the Agbaou and Bonikro mines (the “Allied Streams”) operatedby Allied Gold Corp. (“Allied”) and also acquired the right to purchase metal based on production from January 1, 2024, to August 14, 2024 (“InitialOunces”), for total cash consideration of $53.0 million. Triple Flag will make ongoing payments of 10% of the spot gold price for each ounce deliveredunder the streams. The streams cover the existing mining and exploration licenses for the Agbaou and Bonikro mines, both located in Cote d’Ivoire.
The Agbaou gold stream will step down to 2% payable gold after the delivery of 29,000 ounces of gold, and the Bonikro gold stream will step down to 2%payable gold after the delivery of 39,300 ounces of gold. From 2024 to 2027, both streams are subject to a period of annual minimum deliveries. Under theAgbaou stream, an annual minimum of approximately 2,500 to 2,750 ounces will be delivered and under the Bonikro stream, an annual minimum ofapproximately 3,500 to 4,200 ounces will be delivered. Allied has granted a parent guarantee in favour of the Company under the terms of the respectivestream agreements.
The total cash consideration of $53.0 million was comprised of $46.1 million relating to the Allied Streams and $6.9 million relating to the Initial Ounces.These ounces were sold prior to the end of the third quarter of 2024.
Acquisition of Additional Tamarack Royalty
On July 5, 2024, Triple Flag acquired an additional 1.0% NSR royalty from Talon Nickel (USA) LLC (“Talon”), a wholly owned subsidiary of TalonMetals Corp., a TSX-listed company, which will be paid out of Talon’s participating interest in the Tamarack project for total consideration of $8 million(“Additional Tamarack Royalty”). The Additional Tamarack Royalty is subject to a buydown right to reduce the royalty rate to 0.6% for $5.0 million,exercisable for a period of two years, subject to certain conditions. The Additional Tamarack Royalty is in addition to the 1.11% NSR royalty which TripleFlag already owns on the Tamarack project.
Kensington Litigation Settlement
On March 28, 2024, Triple Flag and Coeur Mining (“Coeur”) entered into a settlement agreement to resolve litigation regarding the terms of a royalty heldby Triple Flag on Coeur’s Kensington gold mine.
As part of the settlement agreement, Triple Flag will receive $6.75 million in Coeur shares ($3.0 million received in April 2024, and $3.75 million to bereceived in the first quarter of 2025). The Coeur share consideration is in settlement of royalties in arrears and litigation expenses incurred.
Further to that settlement, Triple Flag and Coeur agreed to amend the terms of the existing Kensington royalty to provide that: effective January 1, 2024, theroyalty will pay at a rate of 1.25% of net smelter returns occurring through to December 31, 2026, the royalty rate will increase to 1.50% of net smelterreturns from January 1, 2027; and the amended NSR royalty is subject to a cap of two million ounces of gold, adjusted for consideration received related toroyalties in arrears.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 12/89
Table of Contents
- 12 -
Financial Year Ended December 31, 2023
Acquisition of Johnson Camp Mine Royalty
On November 30, 2023, the Company in conjunction with Greenstone entered into a financing transaction with Excelsior Mining Corp. (“Excelsior”). Theclosing of the financing was a condition subsequent to a previously announced extension of the maturity date of Excelsior’s existing $15 million creditfacility with Nebari Natural Resources Credit Fund I LP. As part of the financing transaction, the Company acquired a 1.5% GRR on the Johnson CampMine in Arizona, United States, operated by Excelsior, for consideration of $5.5 million in cash (the “Johnson Camp Mine Royalty”).
Acquisition of Additional royalty interest in Stawell Gold Mines Pty Ltd
On September 25, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Stawell Gold Mines Pty Ltd (“Stawell”) for the acquisition of an additional 2.65%NSR gold royalty. This is in addition to the pre-existing 1.0% NSR royalty on gold that Triple Flag already held. Both royalties cover future production atthe Stawell gold mine in Victoria, Australia. Triple Flag acquired the additional royalty interest for cash consideration of $16.6 million.
Normal Course Issuer Bid
In November 2023, Triple Flag received approval from the TSX to renew its NCIB and Triple Flag also re-established an ASPP with the designated brokerresponsible for the NCIB to allow for the purchase of common shares under the NCIB at times when Triple Flag would ordinarily not be permitted topurchase common shares due to regulatory restrictions and customary self-imposed blackout periods. See “Capital Structure – Normal Course Issuer Bid”.
Stornoway Stream and Bridge Financing
During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Renard mine, operated by Stornoway Diamonds (Canada) Inc. (“Stornoway”), experiencedfinancial difficulties due to adverse market conditions, such as increased operational costs due to inflationary pressures and the continued decline ofdiamond prices due to lower demand. On September 27, 2023, this was further exacerbated by India’s diamond trade bodies urging its members to haltimports of rough diamonds from mid-October to mid-December to manage supplies. As a result of the prolonged softening of the diamond market over thethird quarter, Triple Flag concluded that an indicator of impairment existed. On October 27, 2023, the Renard mine was placed in care and maintenance andStornoway filed for creditor protection under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (“CCAA”) in Quebec.
As a result, Triple Flag concluded that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery of the loan receivable and determined that the recoverable amount ofthe Renard stream was nil, resulting in a total impairment charge of $20.2 million. The Company does not expect significant recoveries from Stornoway andrecovery in future periods is expected to be immaterial.
Beaufor Royalty
In the second half of 2022, Monarch Mining Corporation (“Monarch”), owner of the Beaufor mine, suspended its operations at the Beaufor mine due tofinancial and operational challenges. On September 27, 2022, the mine was put on care and maintenance for an indefinite period. Due to the continuedsuspension of operations at the Beaufor mine, the Company concluded that this was a triggering event. As a result, management performed an impairmentanalysis for the Beaufor royalty investment as at December 31, 2022, resulting in the Beaufor royalty being written down to its estimated recoverableamount of $6.8 million.
During the three months ended September 30, 2023, management concluded that the continued suspension of operations at the Beaufor mine, nowexceeding 12 months, coupled with the market activity and financial position of Monarch as at June 30, 2023, was a triggering event. Triple Flagdetermined the recoverable amount of the Beaufor royalty investment to be nil and therefore recorded an impairment charge of $6.8 million.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 13/89
Table of Contents
- 13 -
Acquisition of Agbaou Royalty
On June 23, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Auramet Capital Partners, L.P. (“Auramet”) for the acquisition by the Company of the2.5% NSR royalty Auramet held on the Agbaou gold mine in Côte d’Ivoire, operated by Allied Gold Corporation (“Agbaou Royalty”). Triple Flagacquired the Agbaou Royalty for total consideration of $15.5 million of which $13.5 million was paid in cash and the remaining $2.0 million paid throughan in-kind contribution of an asset held by the Company.
Acquisition of Maverix
On January 19, 2023, Triple Flag completed its acquisition of all the issued and outstanding common shares of Maverix by way of a plan of arrangementunder the CBCA (the “Arrangement”). In aggregate, Triple Flag issued 45.1 million of its common shares and paid $86.7 million in cash to formerMaverix shareholders. The Triple Flag shares that were issued pursuant to the Arrangement were listed and posted for trading on the TSX and the New YorkStock Exchange (“NYSE”). On completion of the Arrangement, existing Triple Flag and former Maverix shareholders owned approximately 78% and 22%of the pro forma outstanding shares of Triple Flag, respectively.
ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE
We believe strong sustainable performance is critical to the long-term success of our organization, the mining industry and host communities. We believethat optimal Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) performance helps ensure that the mines and projects we invest in are developed and operatedresponsibly. To that end, our ESG approach is two-pronged:
1. We ensure portfolio quality by investing in streams and royalties on mines and projects where our due diligence determines that ourcounterparties demonstrate appropriate ESG management and performance. Strong ESG performance by our partners helps ensure ourinvestments enjoy the privilege to operate with their host communities and governments over the long term, which protects our business andshareholders.
2. We contribute to the mining industry through our own practices, actions and community investments, and by exerting influence across ourportfolio.
We continued to report on our ESG performance and that of our principal assets to our shareholders, and other stakeholders. We published our fourth annualSustainability Report, titled “2024 Sustainability Report”, in July 2025. This report presents information on our sustainability approach, governance, andperformance for the 2024 calendar year. This report was prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) Standards ‘Core option’ andserved as our Communication on Progress for the UNGC in support of the Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”). We have continued to align with theSustainability Accounting Standards Board’s (“SASB”) Metals and Mining Standard and the Asset Management and Custody Activities Standard. Ourcurrent Sustainability Report, as well as other ESG related policies, are available on our website at www.tripleflagpm.com.
In 2025, Sustainalytics ranked Triple Flag 1 out of 104 companies across the precious metals industry, with an absolute risk rating of 7.3 (negligible risk).Sustainalytics is a global leader in the fields of responsible investing and sustainable finance. Supported by a robust materiality framework, Sustainalytics’ESG Risk Ratings provide a quantitative measure of unmanaged ESG Risk. The Sustainalytics ESG Risk Rating Methodology takes into consideration amultitude of factors and can be used to compare companies across all covered sub-industries.
In the third quarter of 2025, we received our third consecutive rating of AA in the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment, being recognized as a leader in ESGmanagement. MSCI ESG Research provides ratings on global public companies on a scale of AAA (leader) to CCC (laggard), according to exposure toindustry-specific ESG risks and the ability to manage those risks relative to peers. Triple Flag falls into the highest scoring range for corporate governancerelative to peers and performed higher than the industry average in the environmental and social categories, excelling in community relations and health &safety metrics.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 14/89
Table of Contents
- 14 -
Diversity and Inclusion
We respect and recognize all aspects of diversity. Accordingly, we set a target of 30% diversity in senior management by 2025, which we achieved andcontinue to maintain. We also set a target of 30% women on our Board by 2025, which we achieved and continue to maintain. The Board is guided in thispursuit by our diversity and inclusion policy (the ‘‘Diversity and Inclusion Policy’’). The Diversity and Inclusion Policy ensures that we promote diversityacross all levels of our organization, including at the Board and senior management levels, and informs us of our decisions on recruitment, assessment andprofessional development. The Board, senior management and all our employees are expected to adhere to the requirements of the Diversity and InclusionPolicy. The Governance & Sustainability Committee regularly monitors the performance of the Company against the Diversity and Inclusion Policy. Wemaintain confidential mechanisms for our employees to report actual or suspected incidents of unlawful discrimination and harassment and demonstratezero tolerance for any form of discrimination or harassment in our workplace.
As of March 17, 2026, three of nine members on our Board, or approximately 33%, and 43% of our independent directors, identify as women. The target of30% women on the Board by 2025 was achieved and has been maintained since 2023. No member of the Board identifies as a visible minority, Indigenousperson or person with a disability. Of the members of senior management, four of ten (40%) identify as members of designated groups, with one of ten(10%) identifying as women and three of ten (30%) identifying as visible minorities, with no members identifying as an Indigenous person or person with adisability.
Diversity and gender will continue to be two of several factors that are considered when identifying potential Board and senior management candidates. Wehave now achieved our stated gender target and will continue to seek out opportunities to increase representation on our Board, in our senior managementteam and throughout our workforce. When recruiting for management, Board and all other vacancies, Triple Flag includes a variety of candidates from across-section of diverse backgrounds from which to make appointments. With annual voluntary turnover at 5% of a total current full-time workforce of 20,we continue to monitor our limited opportunities to further the diversity of the team.
RISK FACTORS
Risk is an inherent component of Triple Flag’s business. The ability to deliver on our vision and strategic objectives depends on our ability to understandand effectively respond to and mitigate the risks or uncertainties we face. Investors should carefully consider all the information disclosed in this AIF. Otherrisks and uncertainties that we do not presently consider to be material, or of which we are not presently aware, may become important factors that affectour future financial condition and results of operations. The occurrence of any of the risks discussed below could materially adversely affect our business,prospects, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow.
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
Changes in commodity prices will affect the revenues generated from our portfolio and our profitability
The revenue derived by us from our asset portfolio is and will continue to be significantly affected by changes in the price of the commodities underlyingour streams, royalties and other similar interests, and in particular, the price of gold and silver. Commodity prices, including those to which we are exposed,fluctuate on a daily basis and are affected by numerous factors beyond our control, including levels of supply and demand, industrial investment levels,inflation and interest rates, the strength of the U.S. dollar and geopolitical events. Global conflicts and the restrictive actions that have been or may be takenby Canada, the U.S., and other countries in response thereto, including sanctions and export controls, have had and could continue to have negative impactson commodity prices. Such external economic factors are in turn influenced by changes in international investment patterns, monetary systems and politicaldevelopments.
Future material price declines may result in a decrease in revenue or, in the case of severe declines that cause a suspension or termination of production byrelevant operators, a complete cessation of revenue from streams, royalties and other similar interests applicable to one or more relevant commodities.Moreover, despite our commodity diversification, the broader commodity market tends to be cyclical, and a general downturn in overall commodity pricescould result in a significant decrease in overall revenue. Any such price decline may result in a material adverse effect on our profitability, results ofoperations and financial condition.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 15/89
Table of Contents
- 15 -
The precious metals subject to our stream, royalty or other similar interests are produced or will generally be produced as by-product metals at some of theproperties in respect of which we hold a stream, royalty or other similar interest; therefore, production decisions and the economic cut-off applied to thereporting of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves, as applicable, will be influenced by changes in the commodity prices of other metals at the mines.Where our interest is in respect of a by-product metal, commodity prices of the by-product metal and the principal metal may diverge such that the interestsof owners or operators and our interests may not be aligned. Where such misalignment occurs, such owners or operators may, for example, decide todevelop or mine portions of a deposit which may have a lower by-product metal content. Such a decision could adversely affect the timing of, or reduce,deliveries under our stream, royalty or other similar interests.
We have limited or no control over the operation of the properties in which we hold an interest and the operators’ failure to perform or decision to cease orsuspend operations will affect our revenues
We are not directly involved in the operation of mines. The revenue derived from our asset portfolio is based on production by third-party property ownersand operators. The owners and operators generally will have the power to determine the way the properties are exploited, including decisions to expand,continue or reduce, suspend or discontinue production from a property, decisions about the marketing of products extracted from the property and decisionsto advance exploration efforts and conduct development of non-producing properties. The interests of third-party owners and operators and our interests inthe relevant properties may not always be aligned. For example, it will usually be in our interest to advance development and production on properties asrapidly as possible to maximize near-term cash flow, while third-party owners and operators may take a more cautious approach to development as they areat risk regarding the cost of development and operations. Likewise, it may be in the interest of property owners to invest in the development of andemphasize production from projects or areas of a project that are not subject to stream, royalty or other similar interests or which may have lower grades ofmetals or reduced recoveries of metals subject to such stream, royalty or other similar interests. Our inability to control the operations for the properties inrespect of which we have a stream, royalty or other similar interest may result in a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations andfinancial condition. In addition, the owners or operators may take action contrary to our policies or objectives, be unable or unwilling to fulfill theirobligations under their contracts with Triple Flag, have difficulty obtaining or be unable to obtain the financing necessary to advance projects or experiencefinancial, operational or other difficulties, including insolvency, which could limit the owner or operator’s ability to perform its obligations underarrangements with us.
At any time, any of the operators of the properties in respect of which we hold a stream, royalty or other similar interest or their successors may decide tosuspend or discontinue operations. We may not be entitled to any material compensation if any of the properties in respect of which we hold a stream,royalty or other similar interest shuts down or discontinues their operations on a temporary or permanent basis.
Any adverse development related to our material streams and royalty interests, and other assets and properties that we may acquire in the future, may affectthe revenue derived from such assets and could have a material adverse effect on our financial results
Currently, our most significant assets and properties are the streams on the Northparkes mine, Cerro Lindo mine and Buritica mine. In addition, we mayacquire additional significant assets and properties in the future and some of our existing assets may become significant if and as they move into production.Any adverse development affecting the development or operation of, production from or recoverability of Mineral Reserves from the Northparkes mine,Cerro Lindo mine and Buritica mine or any other material property in the asset portfolio from time to time, such as, but not limited to, unusual andunexpected geologic formations, seismic activity, rock bursts, cave-ins, pit wall failures, tailings dam failures, flooding and other conditions involved in thedrilling and removal of material, any of which could result in damage to, or destruction of, mines and other producing facilities, damage to life or property,environmental damage, or the inability to hire suitable personnel and engineering contractors or secure supply agreements on commercially suitable terms,would affect the revenues of such assets and may have a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition. Anyadverse decision made by the owners and operators, including for example, alterations to development or mine plans or production schedules, or any otheradverse developments in respect of the mines or their productivity, may impact the timing and amount of revenue that we receive from such assets andproperties, and likewise may have a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 16/89
Table of Contents
- 16 -
A significant portion of our revenue comes from a small number of operating properties, which means that adverse developments at these properties couldhave a more significant or lasting impact on our results of operations than if our revenue was less concentrated
A significant portion of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025, came from three of our assets, being our streams on the Northparkes mine,Cerro Lindo mine and Buritica mine. These assets may continue to represent a significant portion of our revenue for future periods. This concentration ofrevenue could mean that adverse developments, including any adverse decisions made by the operators of one or more of these properties could have a moresignificant or longer-term impact on our results of operations than if our revenue was less concentrated.
Many of the properties in respect of which we hold an interest may never achieve commercial production, and we may lose our entire investment
Many of the projects or properties in respect of which we hold an interest are in the development, exploration or expansion stage. There can be no assurancethat construction, development or expansion will be completed on a timely basis or at all. If such properties do not reach commercial production, we will notbe able to secure repayment of any upfront deposit paid to the counterparty under the terms of the applicable contract, which may have a material adverseeffect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
In addition, due to the early-stage or development nature of many of the properties in respect of which we hold an interest, the owners or operators of someof such properties have experienced financial difficulties and, in some cases, required covenant waivers pursuant to their credit and other financingdocuments. To the extent that any of the owners or operators of properties in respect of which we hold a stream, royalty or other similar interest defaultunder their credit or other financing documents, this could delay or inhibit operations at the relevant properties, which may have a material adverse effect onour profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
Where material uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on an operator’s ability to continue as a going concern, we may be asked to provideadditional capital to these entities and may decide to do so to preserve the value of our initial investment. There is a risk that the values of certain of ourassets may not be recoverable if the operating entities cannot raise additional capital to continue to explore and develop their assets. The value of ourinterests in these projects could thus be negatively affected by many factors, some of which cannot be assessed at the time of investment. Although weundertake a due diligence process for every investment, mining exploration and development are subject to many risks, and it is possible that the valuerealized by us will be less than the original investment.
In addition, until a deposit is mined, and ore is processed, the quantity of metal and grades must be considered as estimates only. A development project hasno relevant commercial operating history upon which to base estimates of future production and cash operating costs. Estimates of proven and probableMineral Reserves, Mineral Resources and cash operating costs are, to a large extent, based upon the interpretation of geologic data obtained from drill holesand other sampling techniques, and studies that derive estimates of cash operating costs from anticipated tonnage and grades of ore to be mined andprocessed, the configuration of the ore body, expected recovery rates of gold from the ore, estimated operating costs, anticipated climatic conditions andother factors. As a result, it is possible that actual capital and operating costs will differ significantly from those currently estimated by the owner or operatorof the project prior to production. Moreover, it is not unusual in new mining operations to experience construction delays or unexpected problems during thestart-up phase. Delays can also occur at the start of commercial production or during ramp up to nameplate capacity. In addition, experience from actualmining or processing operations may identify new or unexpected conditions that could reduce production below or increase capital or operating costs aboveestimates. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 17/89
Table of Contents
- 17 -
Sales of assets in respect of which we hold an interest may result in a new operator and any failure of such operator to perform could affect our revenues
The owners or operators of the projects or mines in respect of which we hold an interest may from time to time announce transactions, including the sale ortransfer of the projects or mines or of the operator itself, over which we have little or no control. If such transactions are completed, they may result in a newoperator controlling the project or mine, who may or may not operate the project or mine in a similar manner as the current operator which may positivelyor negatively impact us. If any such transaction is announced, there is no certainty that such transaction will be completed, or completed as announced, andany consequences of such non-completion for Triple Flag may be difficult or impossible to predict.
We may acquire streams, royalties or other similar interests in respect of properties that are speculative and there can be no guarantee that mineabledeposits will be discovered, developed or mined successfully
Exploration for metals and minerals is a speculative venture that involves substantial risk. There is no certainty that the expenditures made by the operatorof any given project will result in discoveries of commercial quantities of minerals on lands where we hold streams, royalties or other similar interests.
If mineable deposits are discovered, substantial expenditures are required to establish Mineral Reserves through drilling, to develop processes to extract theMineral Resources and, in the case of new properties, to develop the extraction and processing facilities and infrastructure at any site chosen for extraction.Although substantial benefits may be derived from the discovery of a major deposit, no assurance can be given that Mineral Resources will be discovered insufficient quantities to justify commercial operations or that the funding required for development can be obtained on terms acceptable to the operator or atall. Although, in respect of these properties, we intend to hold only streams, royalties or other similar interests and not be responsible for these expenditures,the operator may not be in a financial position to obtain the necessary funding to advance the project.
We have limited access to data and disclosure regarding the operation of properties in respect of which we hold interests, which will affect our ability toassess and predict the performance of our streams, royalties and other similar interests
As a holder of streams, royalties and other similar interests, we generally have limited access to data on the operations or on actual properties themselves.Accordingly, we must rely on the accuracy and timeliness of the public disclosure and other information we receive from the owners and operators of theproperties in respect of which we hold streams, royalties and other similar interests. We use such information, including production estimates, in ouranalyses, forecasts and assessments related to our own business. If such information contains material inaccuracies or omissions, our ability to assess andaccurately forecast performance or achieve our stated objectives may be materially impaired. In addition, some streams, royalties or other similar interestsmay be subject to confidentiality arrangements which govern the disclosure of information with regard to the streams, royalties or other similar interestsand, as such, we may not be in a position to publicly disclose such information with respect to certain streams, royalties or other similar interests. Thelimited access to data and disclosure regarding the operations of the properties in respect of which we hold an interest may restrict our ability to enhance ourperformance which may result in a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
Although we attempt to secure contractual rights when we create new stream, royalty or other similar interests, such as audit or access rights, that willpermit us to monitor operators’ compliance with their obligations to us, there can be no assurance that such rights will always be sufficient to ensure suchcompliance or to affect operations in ways that would be beneficial to us.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 18/89
Table of Contents
- 18 -
We depend on our operators for the calculation of certain payments, and it may not be possible to detect errors in payment calculations
Payments and deliveries to us for streams, royalties and other similar interests are calculated by the operators of the relevant properties based on thereported production. Each operator’s calculations are subject to and dependent upon the adequacy and accuracy of its production and accounting functions,and errors may occur from time to time in the calculations made by an operator. Certain contracts for streams, royalties and other similar interests requirethe operators to provide us with production and operating information that may, depending on the completeness and accuracy of such information, enable usto detect errors in such calculations. We do not, however, have the contractual right to receive production information for all of our streams, royalties andother similar interests. As a result, our ability to detect payment errors in respect of streams, royalties and other similar interests through our monitoringprogram of an operator’s interests and its associated internal controls and procedures is limited, and the possibility exists that we will need to makeretroactive revenue adjustments in respect of streams, royalties or other similar interests. Some of our contracts for streams, royalties and other similarinterests provide the right to audit the operational calculations and production data for the associated payments and deliveries in respect of such streams,royalties and other similar interests; however, such audits may occur many months following our recognition of the revenue in respect of the streams,royalties and other similar interests and may require us to adjust our revenue in later periods.
We are dependent on the payment or delivery by the owners and operators of the properties in respect of which we have a stream, royalty or other similarinterest, and any delay in or failure of such payments will affect the revenues generated by the asset portfolio
We are dependent upon the financial viability of owners and operators of the relevant properties in respect of which we hold streams, royalties and othersimilar interests. Payments and deliveries from production generally flow through the operator and there is a risk of delay and additional expense inreceiving such payments or deliveries. Payments and deliveries may be delayed by restrictions imposed by lenders, delays in the sale or delivery ofproducts, the ability or willingness of smelters and refiners to process mine products, delays in the connection of wells to a gathering system, accidents,recovery by the operators of expenses incurred in the operation of the properties, the establishment by the operators of reserves for such expenses or theinsolvency of the operator. Our rights to payment or delivery for streams, royalties and other similar interests must, in some cases, be enforced by contractwithout the protection of the ability to liquidate a property. This inhibits our ability to collect outstanding payments or deliveries in respect of such streams,royalties or other similar interests upon a default. Additionally, some contracts may provide limited recourse in particular circumstances which may furtherinhibit our ability to recover or obtain equitable relief in the event of a default under such contracts. In the event of a bankruptcy of an operator or owner, itis possible that an operator may claim that we should be treated as an unsecured creditor and, therefore, have a limited prospect for full recovery of revenue;there is also a possibility that a creditor or the owner or operator may claim that the royalty or stream contract should be terminated in the insolvencyproceeding. Alternatively, to preserve our interest in a stream, royalty or other similar interest in the context of an insolvency or similar proceeding, we maybe required to make additional investments in, or provide funding to, owners or operators, which would increase our exposure to the relevant interest andcounterparty risk. Failure to receive payments or deliveries from the owners and operators of the relevant properties or termination of our rights may resultin a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition. The conflict between Russia and Ukraine and any restrictiveactions that have been or may be taken in response thereto, including sanctions and export controls, have had and could continue to have negative impactson our ability to receive payments under our royalty interest in the Omolon Hub in Russia that is operated by Mangazeya Mining LLC, and have had andcould continue to have negative impacts on Mangazeya Mining LLC’s operation of the Omolon Hub mining operation.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 19/89
Table of Contents
- 19 -
Future pandemics and public health emergencies may significantly impact us
Future pandemics and public health emergencies could have significant adverse impacts on our business. Future pandemics and public health emergenciesmay have a significant impact on the global economy and commodity and financial markets, including extreme volatility in financial markets, a slowdownin economic activity, extreme volatility in commodity prices (including gold and silver) and supply disruptions. Any such pandemics or public healthemergencies may not be adequately responded to locally, nationally, regionally or internationally due to lack of preparedness to detect and respond tooutbreaks or respond to significant threats. In addition, a government may impose strict emergency measures in response to the threat or existence of apandemic or public health emergency. If the operation or development of one or more of the properties in which we hold a stream, royalty or other similarinterest and from which we receive or expect to receive significant revenue is suspended and remains suspended as a result of a pandemic or public healthemergency, or if production is reduced due to public health related restrictions and/or supply disruptions, it may have a material impact on our profitability,results of operations and financial condition. The broader impact of pandemics and public health emergencies on investors, businesses, the global economyor financial and commodity markets may also have a material adverse impact on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
To the extent that a pandemic or public health emergency adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heighteningmany of the other risks described herein, including, but not limited to, risks relating to commodity prices and commodity markets, commodity pricefluctuations, credit and liquidity of counterparties, our indebtedness, our ability to raise additional capital, our ability to enforce security interests andinformation systems and cyber security and risks related to the mining properties we have interests in, such as risks related to Mineral Resource and MineralReserve estimates, production forecasts, impacts of governmental regulations, international operations, availability of infrastructure and employees andchallenging global financial conditions.
Financial conditions in the countries where we operate may destabilize, and we are subject to global financial conditions
Global and country-specific financial conditions could suddenly and rapidly destabilize in response to future events. The global economy continues toexperience substantial disruption and uncertainty due to rising geopolitical tensions, including the U.S. intervention in Venezuela, the Russian invasion ofUkraine and related government sanctions, conflicts in the Middle East and elsewhere, the imposition of new tariffs by the Trump administration in theUnited States and the potential for significant changes to U.S. trade policies and treaties. Ongoing and newly adopted protectionism measures, including theimposition of tariffs as well as related retaliatory measures and/or the threat or initiation of trade disputes, if implemented for any period of time, couldcontribute to a decline in global alignment. These events may have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of globalfinancial markets, and may significantly reduce global trade. Future crises may be precipitated by any number of causes, including natural disasters,geopolitical instability, changes to energy prices or sovereign defaults, and government authorities may have limited resources to respond to future crises.Any sudden or rapid destabilization of global or country-specific economic conditions could negatively impact our ability, or the ability of the owners oroperators of the properties in respect of which we hold streams, royalties or other similar interests, to obtain equity or debt financing or make other suitablearrangements to finance their projects. In the event of increased levels of volatility or a rapid destabilization of global economic conditions, our profitability,results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
We are exposed to counterparty and liquidity risk, and any delay or failure of counterparties to make payments will affect our revenues
We are exposed to various counterparty risks including, but not limited to (i) through financial institutions that hold our cash and metals credit inventory,(ii) through our stream, royalty and other similar interest counterparties, (iii) through other companies that have payables due to us, (iv) through ourinsurance providers and (v) through our lenders. We are also exposed to liquidity risks in meeting our operating expenditure requirements in instances wherecash positions are unable to be maintained or appropriate financing is unavailable. These factors may impact our ability to obtain loans, other creditfacilities or equity financing in the future or to obtain them on terms favorable to us.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 20/89
Table of Contents
- 20 -
Some of the agreements governing Triple Flag’s stream and royalty interests contain terms that reduce the revenue generated from those interests upon theachievement of certain milestones
Revenue from some of Triple Flag’s stream and royalty interests decreases after certain milestones are achieved. For example, the stream interests on theCerro Lindo mine, Northparkes mine, Impala Bafokeng PGM Operations and ATO mine and certain of Triple Flag’s royalty interests at other properties,contain these types of limitations. As a result, past production and revenue related to these interests may not be indicative of future results.
Streams, royalties and other similar interests may be subject to buyback or buydown rights in favor of counterparties that could adversely affect therevenues generated from such assets
Some of our streams, royalties and other similar interests are, and future streams and royalties may be, subject to buyback or buydown rights pursuant towhich an operator may permanently eliminate or reduce our interest or entitlement under the relevant stream, royalty or other similar interest. The exerciseof any buyback or buydown rights may result in an adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
Streams, royalties and other similar interests may not be honored by operators of a project
Streams, royalties and other similar interests in respect of natural resource properties are largely contractual in nature. Parties to contracts do not alwayshonor contractual terms and the contracts themselves may be subject to interpretation or technical defects. To the extent the grantors of streams, royaltiesand other similar interests do not abide by their contractual obligations, we would be forced to take legal action to enforce our contractual rights. Asubsidiary of Steppe Gold Ltd. is currently in default of its delivery obligations under the ATO streaming agreement and we are pursuing legal enforcementof our contractual rights. Such legal action may be time consuming and costly and there is no guarantee of success. Any pending proceedings or actions orany decisions determined adversely to us, may have a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition. Not all of ourstreams, royalties and other similar interests are secured or have the benefits of guarantees, our security interests, if any, may be subordinated, and securityinterests and guarantees may be difficult to enforce.
Not all our streams, royalties and other similar interests are secured, including some of our principal streams and royalties
In a default, liquidation or realization situation, any Triple Flag unsecured interest will be satisfied pro rata with all other unsecured claims after all securedclaims, property claims and prior ranking claims are satisfied in full. Absent a security interest, our likely potential recourse against a defaulting propertyowner or mining operator is for breach of the applicable contract which will result in a claim for unsecured damages for which recovery is remote and time-consuming. If a mining operator or property owner has insufficient funds to pay its liabilities and obligations as they become due, it is possible that otherliabilities and obligations will be satisfied prior to the liabilities and obligations owed to us under the applicable royalty or streaming agreement.
Even valid security interests which are held by us may be (i) subordinated, (ii) unenforceable, (iii) difficult to enforce or (iv) subject to attack by othercreditors or stakeholders. If our security is subordinated, we may be prohibited from enforcing our security, even if a default has occurred, until steps areundertaken by senior creditors or until otherwise permitted under the applicable subordination agreement. In addition, any recovery or distribution in respectof a counterparty’s subordinated obligations may be postponed until senior creditors are indefeasibly paid in full. Even if we are permitted to enforce oursecurity interests, if any, the security interest may be difficult to enforce because of the nature of the security interest and issues beyond our control,including court orders, restricted access and jurisdiction. We may be unwilling to exercise any rights that we may have if we become exposed toenvironmental or other liabilities, such as, successor employer or as a mortgagee-in-possession, by virtue of exercising such rights. Other creditors andstakeholders of the mining operator or property owner of the mining operator may attack our security interests, streaming and royalty rights and other rightsunder applicable insolvency, preference or reviewable transaction legislation. If such creditors are successful, the remedies may include unwinding orvoiding our interests. If we are unable to enforce our security interests, there may be a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations andfinancial condition.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 21/89
Table of Contents
- 21 -
In addition to the issues related to enforcing our security, there is no assurance that we will be able to effectively enforce any guarantees, indemnities orother interests, even if they exist. Should an insolvency proceeding, or other similar event related to a mining operator or property owner be commenced(whether by it or its creditors), there will likely be a court ordered stay of proceedings that may prevent us from enforcing our security, streaming androyalty rights and other rights. In an insolvency proceeding, a property owner or mining operator may not perform its obligations under a stream, royalty orother similar agreement with us, it or its creditors may seek to unilaterally terminate, disclaim or resile from agreements with us, they may seek to sell orvest the property to another party free and clear of our stream, royalty or other similar obligations or seek other relief with respect to our interests. Any saleor transfer of property in such insolvency proceeding may also be effected by court order notwithstanding any transfer restrictions, options, rights of firstrefusal or other rights contained in the agreements with us or others. Further, in insolvency proceedings, any security or other interest held by us will likelybe primed and further subordinated by court ordered charges or other court ordered relief, including for interim financing.
Also, insolvency proceedings in the mining industry are generally complex and lengthy, the outcome of which may be uncertain and may result in a materialadverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition. In such proceedings, property owners may sell or convey the property freeand clear of any obligations owed to us.
In addition, because some of the properties in respect of which we hold streams, royalties and other similar interests are owned and operated by foreignentities in foreign jurisdictions, our security interests, streaming and royalty rights and other rights may be subject to political interference, as well as realand personal property, enforcement and insolvency laws of foreign jurisdictions that differ significantly from those in Canada or the United States, and mayprevent us from enforcing our security, streaming and royalty rights and other rights as anticipated. Further, there can be no assurance that any judgments ororders obtained in Canadian, or U.S. courts will be enforceable in foreign jurisdictions. If we are unable to enforce our security interests, streaming androyalty rights and other rights, there may be a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
Our profitability, results of operations and financial condition are subject to variations in foreign exchange rates
Certain of our activities and offices are in Canada and the costs associated with these activities are largely denominated in Canadian dollars. However, ourstreams, royalties and other similar interests are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars and, as a result, are subject to foreign currency fluctuations andinflationary pressures, which may have a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurancethat the steps taken by management to address variations in foreign exchange rates will eliminate all adverse effects and we may suffer losses due to adverseforeign currency rate fluctuations.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 22/89
Table of Contents
- 22 -
Operators of mines may not be able to replace depleted Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves, which would reduce our revenue from streams, royaltiesand other similar interests
The revenue generated by us is principally based on the exploitation of Mineral Reserves on assets underlying our streams, royalties and other similarinterests. Mineral Reserves are continually being depleted through extraction and the long-term viability of our asset portfolio depends on the replacementof Mineral Reserves through new producing assets and increases in Mineral Reserves on existing producing assets. As mines in respect of which we havestreams, royalties and other similar interests mature, we can expect overall declines in production over the years unless the operators are able to replaceMineral Reserves that are mined through mine expansion or successful new exploration. We may also experience such declines sooner or to a greater extentthan we currently expect, and accordingly, we cannot predict with certainty the life of the mines in our asset portfolio. Exploration for minerals is aspeculative venture that involves substantial risk. There is no certainty that the expenditures made by the operator of any given project will result indiscoveries of commercial quantities of minerals on properties underlying the asset portfolio or that discoveries will be located on properties covered by therelevant stream, royalty or other similar interest. Even in those cases where a significant mineral deposit is identified and covered by the stream, royalty orother similar interest, there is no guarantee that the deposit can be economically extracted. Substantial expenditures are required to establish MineralReserves through drilling, to develop processes to extract the Mineral Resources and, in the case of new properties, to develop the extraction and processingfacilities and infrastructure at any site chosen for extraction. Although substantial benefits may be derived from the discovery of a major deposit covered bythe stream, royalty or other similar interest, no assurance can be given that new Mineral Reserves will be identified to replace or increase the amount ofMineral Reserves currently in the asset portfolio. This includes Mineral Resources, as the Mineral Resources that have been discovered have not beensubjected to sufficient analysis to justify commercial operations or the allocation of funds required for development. The inability by operators to addadditional Mineral Reserves or to replace existing Mineral Reserves through either the development of existing Mineral Resources or the acquisition of newmineral producing assets, in each case covered by a stream, royalty or other similar interest, may have a material adverse effect on our profitability, resultsof operations and financial condition.
We may enter into acquisitions or other royalty or streaming transactions at any time, which may be material, may involve the issuance of Triple Flagsecurities or the incurrence of indebtedness and will be subject to transaction-specific risks
We continuously review opportunities to acquire existing streams, royalties and other similar interests, to create new streaming, royalty or otherarrangements through the financing of mining projects, financing of new acquisitions or to acquire companies that hold streams, royalties or other similarinterests in respect of mineral properties. At any given time, we may have various types of transactions and acquisition opportunities in various stages ofactive review, including submission of indications of interest and participation in discussions or negotiations in respect of such transactions. This processalso involves the engagement of consultants and advisors to assist in analyzing particular opportunities. Any such acquisition or transaction could bematerial to us and may involve the issuance of securities by us or the incurrence of indebtedness to fund any such acquisition. For example, our acquisitionof Maverix and Orogen involved both the issuance of securities by us and the incurrence of indebtedness to fund the transaction. In addition, any suchtransaction may have other transaction-specific risks associated with it, including risks related to the completion of the transaction, the integration of anyacquired business with Triple Flag’s existing business, the project operators or the jurisdictions in which assets may be acquired or underlying propertieslocated. In addition, we may consider opportunities to restructure our royalties or stream arrangements where we believe such a restructuring may provide along-term benefit to us, even if such restructuring may reduce near-term revenues or result in us incurring transaction related costs. We may also be unableto achieve any such anticipated long-term benefits of such restructurings. We may be unsuccessful in completing acquisitions and other additionaltransactions on terms favorable to us, or at all, or in realizing the anticipated growth opportunities and synergies from integrating any acquired business, andour failure to do so may have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations and growth prospects.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 23/89
Table of Contents
- 23 -
Increased competition for streams, royalties and other similar interests could adversely affect our ability to acquire additional streams, royalties and othersimilar interests in mineral properties
Many companies are engaged in the search for and the acquisition of mineral interests, including streams, royalties and other similar interests, and there is alimited supply of desirable mineral interests. The mineral exploration and mining businesses are competitive in all phases. Many companies are engaged inthe acquisition of mineral interests, including large, established companies with substantial financial resources, operational capabilities and long earningsrecords. We may be at a competitive disadvantage in acquiring those interests, whether by way of stream, royalty or other similar form of investment, ascompetitors may have greater financial resources and technical staff. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against othercompanies in acquiring new streams, royalties and other similar interests. In addition, we may be unable to acquire streams, royalties and other similarinterests at acceptable valuations which may result in a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
If we expand our business beyond the acquisition of streams, royalties or other similar interests, we may face new challenges and risks which could affectour profitability, results of operations and financial condition
Our operations and expertise have been focused on the acquisition and management of streams, royalties and other similar interests. While it is not ourcurrent intention, we may in the future pursue acquisitions outside this area. The expansion of our activities into new areas would present challenges andrisks that we have not faced in the past. The failure to manage these challenges and risks successfully may result in a material adverse effect on ourprofitability, results of operations and financial condition.
We may be subject to reputational damage
Reputational damage can be the result of the actual or perceived occurrence of any number of events, and could include negative publicity, whether true ornot. While we do not ultimately have direct control over how we are perceived by others, reputational loss could have a material adverse impact on thetrading price of our securities.
We may experience difficulty attracting and retaining qualified management and technical personnel to efficiently operate our business
We are dependent upon the continued availability and commitment of our key management personnel, whose contributions to our immediate and futureoperations are significant. The loss of any such key management personnel could negatively affect business operations. From time to time, we may alsoneed to identify and retain additional skilled management and specialized technical personnel to efficiently operate our business. In addition, we frequentlyretain third party specialized technical personnel to assess and execute on opportunities. These individuals may have conflicts of interest or schedulingconflicts, which may delay or inhibit our ability to employ such individuals’ expertise. The number of persons skilled in the acquisition, exploration anddevelopment of streams, royalties and other similar interests in natural resource properties is limited and competition for such persons is intense. Recruitingand retaining qualified personnel is critical to our success and there can be no assurance that we will be able to recruit and retain such personnel. If we arenot successful in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, our ability to execute our business model and growth strategy could be affected, which couldhave a material adverse impact on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
Certain of our directors and officers serve or may serve as directors or officers of or in similar positions with other public companies, which could put themin a conflict of interest from time to time
Certain of our directors and officers also serve or may serve as directors or officers of, or have significant shareholdings in, other companies involved innatural resource exploration, development and production. In addition, certain of our officers currently and may in the future serve as our designees to theboard of directors of companies with which we have entered into royalty, streaming or other commercial agreements. To the extent that such othercompanies may engage in transactions or participate in the same ventures in which we participate, or in transactions or ventures in which we may seek toparticipate, our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest in negotiating and concluding terms respecting the extent of such participation, or withrespect to other aspects of the relationship between Triple Flag and such companies. Such conflicts of interest of the directors and officers may result in amaterial adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 24/89
Table of Contents
- 24 -
We may be unable to repay indebtedness and comply with our obligations under the Credit Facility
We may from time to time have amounts outstanding under our Credit Facility, which may be significant. The total availability under our Credit Facility is$1.0 billion, of which $0 million is drawn as of the date of this AIF; the undrawn balance may be used to fund the acquisition of royalties and the funding ofprecious metals streams. These acquisitions may result in significant drawings, and we would be required to use a portion of our cash flow to serviceprincipal and interest on the debt, which would limit the cash flow available for other business opportunities. Our ability to make scheduled payments of theprincipal of, to pay interest on, or to refinance indebtedness depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive andother factors beyond our control. We may not continue to generate cash flow in the future sufficient to service debt and make necessary capital expenditures.If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or eliminating dividends, restructuringdebt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance indebtedness will depend on the capitalmarkets and its financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms,which could result in a default on our debt obligations.
The terms of our Credit Facility require us to satisfy various affirmative and negative covenants and to meet certain financial ratios and tests. Thesecovenants limit, among other things, our ability to incur further indebtedness if doing so would cause us to fail to meet certain financial covenants, createcertain liens on assets or engage in certain types of transactions. These covenants also limit our ability to amend our stream, royalty and other similarinterest contracts without the consent of the lenders. We can provide no assurances that in the future, we will not be limited in our ability to respond tochanges in our business or competitive activities or be restricted in our ability to engage in mergers, acquisitions or dispositions of assets. Furthermore, afailure to comply with these covenants, including a failure to meet the financial tests or ratios, would likely result in an event of default under the CreditFacility and would allow the lenders to accelerate the debt, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financialcondition.
We can provide no assurance that we will be able to obtain adequate financing in the future or that the terms of such financing will be favorable
There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain adequate financing in the future or that the terms of such financing will be favorable. Failure toobtain such additional financing could impede our funding obligations or result in delay or postponement of further business activities which may result in amaterial adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
Changes to or in the interpretation of tax legislation or accounting rules could affect our profitability
Changes to, or differing interpretations of, taxation laws or regulations in any of Canada, the United States, Bermuda or the other countries in which ourassets or relevant contracting parties or underlying properties are located could result in some or all of our profits being subject to additional taxation.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) has developed model rules which address numerous long-standing tax principlesimpacting how large multinational enterprises are taxed in an effort to limit perceived base erosion and profit shifting incentives, including a 15% globalminimum tax to be imposed on certain companies whose revenues exceed a threshold. The timing of the implementation of this and other global tax reformsis uncertain, and individual taxing jurisdictions may implement such tax reforms as proposed, in a modified form, or not at all. On June 20, 2024, the GlobalMinimum Tax Act (the “GMTA”), which addresses the OECD "Pillar Two" model rules, received royal assent and came into effect. The GMTA is generallyeffective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 31, 2023, and the first returns and potential taxes are due as early as June 30, 2026. Subsequent tothe enactment of the GMTA, in August 2024, Canada released draft amendments to the GMTA that propose to implement undertaxed profitsrules (“UPTR”). Canada subsequently confirmed the intention to proceed with these proposed GMTA amendments in November, 2025. The August 2024proposals also introduce amendments to the Income Tax Conventions Interpretation Act that would allow Canada’s UPTR to specifically override Canada’sprior bilateral tax treaty obligations. Canada also enacted excessive interest and financing expense limitation (“EIFEL”) rules in June 2024. The EIFELrules are effective for taxation years beginning on or after October 1, 2023.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 25/89
Table of Contents
- 25 -
No assurance can be given that the GMTA, the EIFEL rules, any subsequent amendments thereto, or the introduction of or changes to other tax legislationwill not cause Triple Flag to owe additional taxes, and no assurance can be given that new taxation rules or accounting policies will not be enacted or thatexisting rules will not be applied in a manner which could result in our profits being subject to additional taxation or which could otherwise have a materialadverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the introduction of new tax rules or accounting policies, orchanges to, or differing interpretations of, or application of, existing tax rules or accounting policies could make streams, royalties or other similar interestsheld by us less attractive to counterparties. Such changes could adversely affect our ability to acquire new assets or make future investments.
Anti-corruption laws and regulations could subject Triple Flag to liability and require it to incur additional costs
Triple Flag is subject to the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada) (the “CFPOA”), the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”) andother laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to third parties, including foreign governments and their officials, for the purpose ofobtaining or retaining business. In some cases, Triple Flag invests in mining operations in jurisdictions that have experienced corruption in the past. TripleFlag’s international investment activities create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments in violation of the CFPOA, the FCPA or other anti-corruption laws by one of its employees or agents in violation of Triple Flag’s policies. In addition, the operators of the properties in which Triple Flag ownsstream and royalty interests may fail to comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations. Although Triple Flag is a passive investor in these properties,enforcement authorities could deem us to have some culpability for the operators’ actions. Any violations of the CFPOA, the FCPA or other anti-corruptionlaws could result in significant civil or criminal penalties to Triple Flag and could have an adverse effect on our reputation.
Our operations depend on information systems that may be vulnerable to cyber security threats
Our operations depend, in part, on our information technology (“IT”) systems, networks, equipment and software and the security of these systems. Wedepend on various IT systems to process and record financial and technical data, administer our contracts with our counterparties and communicate withemployees and third- parties. These IT systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors and the counterparties under our contracts forstreams, royalties and other similar interests may be vulnerable to an increasing number of continually evolving cyber security risks. Unauthorized thirdparties may be able to penetrate network security and misappropriate or compromise confidential information, create system disruptions or causeshutdowns. Any such breach or compromise may go undetected for an extended period of time. A significant breach of our IT systems or data security ormisuse of data, particularly if such breach or misuse goes undetected for an extended period of time, could result in significant costs, loss of revenue, finesor lawsuits and damage to our reputation. The costs to eliminate or alleviate cyber or other security problems, including bugs, viruses, worms, malware andother security vulnerabilities, could be significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful. The significance of any cyber-securitybreach is difficult to quantify but may, in certain circumstances, be material and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations andfinancial condition.
We may not successfully adopt or respond to generative artificial intelligence
New technological advances, including the use of machine learning and generative artificial intelligence (“Generative AI”), are evolving rapidly and risksregarding their use are emerging. The successful development, adoption and monitoring of Generative AI by us may require significant additional resourcesand costs. Our consideration of the value of Generative AI in our business will require assessments of opportunities for its use, as well as the quality,limitations, vulnerabilities and potential legal and regulatory concerns, as well as enhanced controls, processes and practices designed to address challenges.In addition, if we use or adopt Generative AI in the future, the availability of intellectual property protection is uncertain. Furthermore, Generative AI couldbe used by our competitors to obtain a competitive advantage over us and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financialcondition.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 26/89
Table of Contents
- 26 -
Risks Related to Mining Operations
We are indirectly exposed to many of the same risk factors as the owners and operators of properties in respect of which we hold a stream, royalty or othersimilar interest
To the extent that they relate to the production of minerals from, or the continued operation of, the properties in respect of which we hold a stream, royaltyor other similar interest, we will be indirectly subject to the risk factors applicable to the owners and operators of such mines or projects. Accordingly, anymaterial adverse event occurring at the property level in respect of our stream and royalty agreements, in particular for our material asset, may impact therevenues to us under those agreements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Production at mines and projects in respect of which we hold stream, royalty or other similar interests is dependent on operators’ employees
Production from the properties in respect of which we hold an interest depends on the efforts of operators’ employees. There is competition for geologistsand persons with mining expertise. The ability of the owners and operators of such properties to hire and retain geologists and persons with mining expertiseis key to those operations. In addition, relations with employees may be affected by changes in the scheme of labor relations that may be introduced by therelevant governmental authorities in the jurisdictions in which those operations are conducted. Changes in such legislation or otherwise in the relationshipsof the owners and operators of such properties with their employees may result in strikes, lockouts or other work stoppages, any of which could have amaterial adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition. If these factors cause the owners and operators of such properties todecide to cease production at one or more of the properties, such decision could have a material adverse effect on the business and our financial condition.
Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves are estimates based on interpretation and assumptions and actual production may differ from amounts identifiedin such estimates
The Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves on properties underlying our streams, royalties or other similar interests are estimates only, and no assurancecan be given that the estimated Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves are accurate or that the indicated level of minerals will be produced. MineralResource and Mineral Reserve estimates for our stream, royalty and other similar interests are prepared by the operators of the underlying properties. We donot participate in the preparation or verification of such estimates (or the reports in which they are presented) and we are not able to and have notindependently assessed or verified the accuracy of such estimates. Such estimates are, in large part, based on interpretations of geological data obtainedfrom drill holes and other sampling techniques. Actual mineralization or formations may be different from those predicted. Further, it may take many yearsfrom the initial phase of drilling before production commences and during that time the economic feasibility of exploiting a discovery may change.
Market price fluctuations of the applicable commodity, as well as increased production and capital costs or reduced recovery rates, may render the provenand probable Mineral Reserves on properties underlying our streams, royalties or other similar interests unprofitable to develop at a particular site or sitesfor periods of time or may render Mineral Reserves containing relatively lower grade mineralization uneconomic. Moreover, short-term operating factorsrelated to the Mineral Reserves, such as the need for the orderly development of ore bodies or the processing of new or different ore grades, may causeMineral Reserves to be reduced or not extracted. Estimated Mineral Reserves may have to be recalculated based on actual production experience. Theeconomic viability of a mineral deposit may also be impacted by other attributes of a particular deposit, such as its size, grade and proximity toinfrastructure, governmental regulations and policy related to price, taxes, royalties, land tenure, land use permitting, the import and export of minerals andenvironmental protection and by political and economic stability. While these risks exist for all of our assets, they are heightened in the case of interests inproperties which have not yet commenced production or which, like the Gunnison mine, are based on the application of novel mining or processingmethods.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 27/89
Table of Contents
- 27 -
Mineral Resource estimates in particular must be considered with caution. Mineral Resource estimates for properties that have not commenced productionare based, in many instances, on limited and widely spaced drill hole or other limited information, which is not necessarily indicative of the conditionsbetween and around drill holes. Such Mineral Resource estimates may require revision as more drilling or other exploration information becomes availableor as actual production experience is gained. Further, Mineral Resources may not have demonstrated economic viability and may never be extracted by theoperator of a property. It should not be assumed that any part or all of the Mineral Resources on properties underlying our streams, royalties and othersimilar interests constitute or will be converted into Mineral Reserves.
Any of the foregoing factors may require operators to reduce their Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves, which may result in a material adverse effecton our profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
Production forecasts may not prove to be accurate
We prepare estimates and forecasts of future attributable production from the properties in respect of which we hold streams, royalties and other similarinterests and rely on public disclosure and other information we receive from the owners, operators and independent experts of such properties to preparesuch estimates. This production information includes estimated GEOs, depletion and general administrative costs, which form a part of our annual guidancethat we disclose each year. Such information is necessarily imprecise because it depends upon the judgment of the individuals who operate such propertiesas well as those who review and assess the geological and engineering information. These production estimates and forecasts are based on existing mineplans and other assumptions with respect to such properties which change from time to time, and over which we have no control, including the availability,accessibility, sufficiency and quality of ore, the costs of production, the operators’ ability to sustain and increase production levels, the sufficiency ofinfrastructure, the performance of personnel and equipment, the availability of materials and equipment including reagents and fuel, the ability to maintainand obtain mining interests and permits and compliance with existing and future laws and regulations. Any such information is forward-looking and noassurance can be given that such production estimates and forecasts will be achieved. Actual attributable production may vary from our estimates for avariety of reasons, including: actual ore mined varying from estimates of grade, tonnage, dilution and metallurgical and other characteristics; actual oremined being less amenable than expected to mining or treatment; lower than expected mill feed grades; lower than anticipated lixiviant flow rates or sweepefficiency at the Gunnison mine; short-term operating factors related to the Mineral Reserves, such as the need for sequential development of orebodies andthe processing of new or different ore grades; delays in the commencement of production and ramp up at new mines; revisions to mine plans; unusual orunexpected orebody formations; risks and hazards associated with the properties in respect of which we hold streams, royalties and other similar interests,including but not limited to cave-ins, rock falls, rock bursts, pit wall failures, seismic activity, weather related complications, fires or flooding or as a resultof other operational problems such as production drilling or material removal challenges, power failures or a failure of a key production component such asa hoist, an autoclave, a filter press or a grinding mill; and unexpected labor shortages, strikes, local community opposition or blockades. Occurrences of thisnature and other accidents, adverse conditions or operational problems in the future may result in our failure to realize the benefits of our productionforecasts anticipated from time to time. If our production forecasts prove to be incorrect, it may result in a material adverse effect on our profitability, resultsof operations and financial condition.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 28/89
Table of Contents
- 28 -
The exploration and development of Mineral Resource properties is inherently dangerous and subject to risks beyond our control
Companies engaged in mining activities are subject to all of the hazards and risks inherent in exploring for and developing natural resource projects. Theserisks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, environmental hazards, industrial accidents, labor disputes, increases in the cost of labor, social unrest,artisanal mining, changes in the regulatory environment, permitting and title risks, impact of non-compliance with laws and regulations, fires, explosions,blowouts, cratering, encountering unusual or unexpected geological formations or other geological or grade problems, unanticipated metallurgicalcharacteristics or less than expected mineral recovery, encountering unanticipated ground or water conditions, cave-ins, pit wall failures, flooding, rockbursts, tailings dam failures, periodic interruptions due to inclement or hazardous weather conditions, earthquakes, seismic activity, other natural disasters orunfavorable operating conditions and losses. Should any of these risks or hazards affect a company’s exploration or development activities, it may: (i) resultin an environmental release or environmental pollution and liability; (ii) cause the cost of development or production to increase to a point where it wouldno longer be economic to produce the metal from the company’s Mineral Resources or expected Mineral Reserves; (iii) result in a write down or write-off ofthe carrying value of one or more mineral projects; (iv) cause delays or stoppage of mining or processing; (v) result in the destruction of properties,processing facilities or third-party facilities required for the company’s operations; (vi) cause personal injury or death and related legal liability; (vii) resultin regulatory fines and penalties or the revocation or suspension of licenses; (viii) result in the loss of insurance coverage; or (ix) result in the loss of sociallicense to operate. The occurrence of any of the above-mentioned risks or hazards could result in an interruption or suspension of operation of the propertiesin respect of which we hold a stream, royalty or other similar interest and have a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations andfinancial condition.
Defects in title to properties underlying our stream, royalty or other similar interests may result in a loss of entitlement by the operator and a loss of ourinterest
A defect in the chain of title to any of the properties underlying one of our streams, royalties or other similar interests or required for the anticipateddevelopment or operation of a particular project to which a stream, royalty or other similar interest relates may arise to defeat or impair the claim of theoperator to a property which could in turn result in a loss of our interest in respect of that property. In addition, claims by third parties or aboriginal groupsin Canada and elsewhere may impact on the operator’s ability to conduct activities on a property to the detriment of our streams, royalties or other similarinterests. To the extent an owner or operator does not have title to the property, it may be required to cease operations or transfer operational control toanother party. Many streams, royalties or other similar interests are contractual, rather than an interest in land, with the risk that an assignment or bankruptcyor insolvency proceedings by an owner will result in the loss of any effective stream, royalty or other similar interest in a particular property. Further, evenin those jurisdictions where there is a right to record or register streams, royalties or other similar interests we hold in land registries or mining recordersoffices, such registrations may not necessarily provide any protection to us. As a result, known title defects, as well as unforeseen and unknown title defectsmay impact operations at a project in respect of which we have a stream, royalty or other similar interest and may result in a material adverse effect on ourprofitability, results of operations and financial condition.
Future litigation affecting the properties in respect of which we hold our streams, royalties and other similar interests could have an adverse effect on us
Potential litigation may arise on a property on which we hold a stream, royalty or other similar interest (for example, litigation between joint venturepartners or between operators and original property owners or neighboring property owners). As a holder of such interests, we will not generally have anyinfluence on the litigation or access to data. Any such litigation that results in the cessation or reduction of production from a property (whether temporaryor permanent) or the expropriation or loss of rights to a property could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financialcondition.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 29/89
Table of Contents
- 29 -
Moreover, the courts in some of the jurisdictions in which we have stream, royalty or other similar interests may offer less certainty as to the judicialoutcome of legal proceedings or a more protracted judicial process than is the case in more established economies. Accordingly, there can be no assurancethat contracts, joint ventures, licenses, license applications or other legal arrangements will not be adversely affected by the actions of governmentauthorities and the effectiveness of and enforcement of such arrangements in these jurisdictions. Moreover, the commitment of local businesses, governmentofficials and agencies and the judicial system in these jurisdictions to abide by legal requirements and negotiated agreements may be more uncertain andmay be susceptible to revision or cancellation, and legal redress may be uncertain or delayed. These uncertainties and delays could have a material adverseeffect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Defects or disputes related to our streams, royalties or other similar interests could have an adverse effect on us
Defects in or disputes related to the stream, royalty or other similar interests we hold or acquire may prevent us from realizing the anticipated benefits fromthese interests. Material changes could also occur that may adversely affect management’s estimate of the carrying value of our stream, royalty and othersimilar interests and could result in impairment charges. While we seek to confirm the existence, validity, enforceability, terms and geographic extent of thestream, royalty and other similar interests we acquire, there can be no assurance that disputes or other problems concerning these, and other matters or otherproblems will not arise. Confirming these matters is complex and is subject to the application of the laws of each jurisdiction according to the particularcircumstances of each parcel of mineral property and to the documents reflecting the stream, royalty or other similar interest. The discovery of any defectsin, or any disputes in respect of, our stream, royalty and other similar interests, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operationsand financial condition.
The operations in respect of which we hold a stream, royalty or other similar interest require various property rights, permits and licenses to be held by theoperator in order to conduct current and future operations, and delays or a failure to obtain or maintain such property rights, permits and licenses, or afailure to comply with the terms of any of such property rights, permits and licenses could result in interruption or closure of operations or exploration onthe properties
The exploration, development and operation of mining properties are subject to laws and regulations governing health and worker safety, employmentstandards, environmental matters, mine development, project development, mineral production, permitting and maintenance of title, exports, taxes, laborstandards, reclamation obligations, heritage, historic and archaeological matters and other matters. The owners and operators of the properties in respect ofwhich we hold a stream, royalty or other similar interest require licenses and permits from various governmental authorities in order to conduct theiroperations. Future changes in such laws and regulations or in such licenses and permits could have a material adverse impact on the revenue we derive fromour streams, royalties and other similar interests. Such licenses and permits are subject to change in various circumstances and are required to be kept ingood standing through a variety of means, including cash payments and satisfaction of conditions of issue. Such licenses and permits are also subject toexpiration, relinquishment and/or termination without notice to, control of or recourse by us. There can be no guarantee that the owners or operators ofproperties in respect of which we hold a stream, royalty or other similar interest, will be able to obtain or maintain all necessary licenses and permits in goodstanding that may be required to explore, develop and operate the properties, commence construction or operation of mining facilities, or maintainoperations that economically justify the cost. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, permits and licenses, or to maintain permits andlicenses in good standing, even if inadvertent, could result in interruption or closure of exploration, development or mining operations or in fines, penaltiesor other liabilities accruing to the owner or operator of the project. Any such occurrence could substantially decrease production or cause the termination ofoperations on the property and have a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 30/89
Table of Contents
- 30 -
We are exposed to risks related to the construction, development and/or expansion regarding the mines, projects and properties in respect of which we holda stream, royalty or other similar interest
Many of the projects or properties in respect of which we hold an interest are in the development, exploration and/or expansion stage and such projects aresubject to numerous risks, including, but not limited to delays in obtaining equipment, materials and services essential to the construction and developmentof such projects in a timely manner, currency exchange rates, labor shortages, cost escalations and fluctuations in metal prices. There can be no assurancethat the owners or operators of such projects will have the financial, technical and operational resources to complete the construction, development and/orexpansion of such projects in accordance with current expectations or at all.
The operations in respect of which we hold an interest are subject to environmental and endangered species laws and regulations that may increase thecosts of doing business and may restrict operations, which could reduce our revenues
All phases of the mining business present environmental risks and hazards and are subject to environmental regulation pursuant to a variety of governmentlaws and regulations, including laws and regulations related to the protection of endangered and threatened species. Compliance with such laws andregulations can require significant expenditures and a breach may result in the imposition of fines and penalties, which may be material. In addition, suchlaws and regulations can constrain or prohibit the exploration and development of new projects or the development or expansion of existing projects.Environmental legislation is evolving in a manner expected to result in stricter standards and enforcement, increases in land use restrictions, larger fines andliability and potentially increased capital expenditures and operating costs. Any breach of environmental legislation by us, as a mortgagee-in-possession, orby owners or operators of properties underlying our asset portfolio could have a material impact on the viability of the relevant property and impair therevenue derived from the owned property or applicable stream, royalty or other similar interest, which could have a material adverse effect on ourprofitability, results of operations and financial condition.
Additional costs may be incurred by mineral property operators as a result of international climate change initiatives and may affect the availability ofresources and cause business disruptions, which could reduce our revenues, and we face risks in achieving our ESG goals
We acknowledge climate change as an international and community concern and we support and endorse a variety of initiatives for voluntary actions thatare consistent with international initiatives on climate change. In addition to voluntary actions, governments are moving to introduce climate changelegislation and treaties at the international, national, state/provincial and local levels. Where legislation already exists, regulation related to emission levelsand energy efficiency is becoming more stringent. Some of the costs associated with reducing emissions can be offset by increased energy efficiency andtechnological innovation. However, if the current regulatory trend continues, we expect that it may result in increased costs at some of the propertiesunderlying our streams, royalties or other similar interests, which could have a material impact on the viability of the properties and impair the revenuederived from the applicable stream, royalty or other similar interest, which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations andfinancial condition.
In addition, we may be limited in our ability to achieve our ESG goals in the future if our carbon footprint (including from the properties in which we havestream and royalty interests) increases significantly beyond our ability to purchase carbon offsetting projects; and/or if the availability of such carbon offsetsbecomes more limited (due to regulatory changes or otherwise), or such projects are unavailable on prices and/or other terms acceptable to us, or if we donot have sufficient cash flows to finance the purchase of such projects, or if the terms of our financing arrangements or other agreements limit our ability tomake such purchases. In addition, our ability to achieve our ESG goals as currently contemplated is dependent on prevailing standards, methodologies andnomenclature and on how emissions are reported in the industry.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 31/89
Table of Contents
- 31 -
Certain operators are subject to risks related to foreign jurisdictions and developing economies, which could negatively impact us
Some of our stream, royalty or other similar interests relate to properties outside of Canada, the United States and Australia, including but not limited toArgentina, Bolivia, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Chile, Colombia, Cote d’Ivoire, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Mongolia, Nicaragua, Peru, Russia, SouthAfrica and Tanzania. In particular, for the year ended December 31, 2025, 24% of our revenues were derived from the sale of silver received from ourcounterparty under the stream agreement related to the Cerro Lindo mine in Peru. As a result, our financial position and results of operations may beaffected by the general condition of the Peruvian economy, regulation, taxation, social instability, political unrest and other developments in or affectingPeru over which we have no control. In addition, we are party to a stream agreement related to the ATO mine in Mongolia. As a result, our financial positionand results of operations may be affected by the general condition of the Mongolian economy, regulation, taxation, social stability, political unrest and otherdevelopments in or affecting Mongolia over which we have no control. Similar risks are associated with our royalty, stream and other similar interests inArgentina, Bolivia, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Chile, Colombia, Cote d’Ivoire, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, Russia, South Africa and Tanzania.
In addition, future investments may expose us to new jurisdictions. The ownership, development and operation of properties, mines and projects in foreignjurisdictions by their owners are subject to the risks associated with conducting business in foreign jurisdictions. These risks include, depending on thecountry, nationalization and expropriation, social unrest and political instability, less developed legal and regulatory systems, uncertainties in perfectingmineral titles, trade barriers, exchange controls and material changes in taxation. In developing economies, these risks may also include, among others,problems related to power supply, labor disputes, delays or invalidation of governmental orders and permits, corruption, uncertain economic environments,civil disturbances and crime, arbitrary changes in laws or policies, foreign taxation and exchange controls, opposition to mining from environmental or othernon-governmental organizations or changes in the political attitude towards mining, empowerment of previously disadvantaged people, local ownershiprequirements, limitations on foreign ownership, limitations on repatriation of earnings, infrastructure limitations and increased financing costs. These risksmay, among other things, limit or disrupt the ownership, development or operation of properties, mines or projects in respect of which we hold stream,royalty or other similar interests, restrict the movement of funds, or result in the deprivation of contractual rights or the taking of property by nationalizationor expropriation without fair compensation. If any of these events were to occur, it may result in a write-down or write-off of the carrying value of one ormore of our assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, in the event of adispute arising in foreign operations, we may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of foreign courts or may not be successful in subjecting foreign personsto the jurisdiction of courts in Canada or in the United States.
We apply various methods, where practicable, to identify, assess and, where possible, mitigate these risks prior to entering into contracts for stream, royaltyor other similar interests. Such methods generally include: conducting due diligence on the political, social, legal and regulatory systems and on theownership, title and regulatory compliance of the properties subject to the stream, royalty or other similar interest, engaging experienced local counsel andother advisors in the applicable jurisdiction; and negotiating where possible to ensure that the applicable contract contains appropriate protections,representations and warranties; in each case as we deem necessary or appropriate in the circumstances, all applied on a risk-adjusted basis. There can be noassurance, however, that we will be able to identify or mitigate all risks related to holding streams, royalties and other similar interests in respect ofproperties, mines and projects located in foreign jurisdictions, and the occurrence of any of the factors and uncertainties described above could have amaterial adverse effect on our profitability, results of operation and financial condition.
Certain operators depend on international trade and other conditions in key export markets for their products
The operators of certain of the properties on which we hold stream, royalty or other similar interests export their commodities and thus depend on economicconditions and regulatory policies in export markets. The ability of these operators to sell their products effectively in these major export markets could beadversely affected by a number of factors that are beyond their control, including the deterioration of macroeconomic conditions, volatility of exchangerates or the imposition of greater tariffs or other trade barriers in those markets.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 32/89
Table of Contents
- 32 -
Changes in government regulation could inhibit exploration, construction and development on, or production from, the mineral properties underlying ourstreams, royalties and other similar interests
The properties on which we hold or will hold a stream, royalty or other similar interest are located in multiple legal jurisdictions and political systems.There is no assurance that future political and economic conditions in such countries will not result in the adoption of different policies or attitudesrespecting the development and ownership of resources. Changes in applicable laws and regulations, or in their enforcement or regulatory interpretationcould result in adverse changes to mineral development or operations. Any such changes in policy or attitudes may result in changes in laws affectingownership of assets, land tenure and Mineral Resource concessions, licensing fees, taxation, royalties, price controls, exchange rates, export controls,environmental protection, labor relations, foreign investment, nationalization, expropriation, repatriation of income and return of capital, which may affectboth the ability to undertake exploration, construction and development on, or production from, the properties in respect of which we hold a stream, royaltyor other similar interest or the payments under such streams, royalties or other similar interests. In certain areas where we hold a stream, royalty or othersimilar interest, the regulatory environment is in a state of continuing change, and new laws, regulations and requirements may be retroactive in their effectand implementation. It is also possible that the costs and delays associated with compliance with such laws, regulations and requirements could becomesuch that the owners or operators of the mineral properties would not proceed with the development of or continue to operate such mineral properties.Moreover, it is possible that future regulatory developments, such as increasingly strict environmental protection laws, regulations and enforcement policiesthereunder, and claims for damages to property and persons resulting from the mineral properties, could result in substantial costs and liabilities for theowners or operators of the mineral properties such that they would not proceed with the development of those properties or continue to operate, suchproperties. Any changes in governmental laws, regulations, economic conditions or shifts in political attitudes or stability are beyond both our control andthe control of owners and operators of the properties in respect of which we hold an interest and such changes may result in a material adverse effect on ourprofitability, results of operations and financial condition.
Adequate infrastructure may not be available to develop the properties in respect of which we hold an interest, which could inhibit operations at suchproperties
Mining, processing, development and exploration activities depend, to one degree or another, on adequate infrastructure. Reliable roads, bridges, powersources and water supply are important requirements and they affect capital and operating costs. There is no assurance that the properties in which we holdan interest will be able to secure or maintain adequate infrastructure going forward or on reasonable terms, and unusual or infrequent weather phenomena,sabotage, government or other interference in the maintenance or provision of such infrastructure could adversely affect or inhibit the operations at theproperties in respect of which we hold a stream, royalty or other similar interest, any of which may result in a material adverse effect on our profitability,results of operations and financial condition.
Mineral properties underlying our streams, royalties and other similar interests may be subject to risks related to indigenous peoples which could inhibitoperations at such properties
Various international, national, state and provincial laws, codes, resolutions, conventions, guidelines, treaties and other principles and considerations relateto the rights of indigenous peoples. We hold streams, royalties and other similar interests in respect of operations located in some areas presently orpreviously inhabited or used by indigenous peoples. Many of these impose obligations on government to respect the rights of indigenous people. Some ofthese obligations mandate consultation with indigenous people regarding actions which may affect them, including actions to approve or grant mining rightsor permits. The obligations of government and private parties under the various international and national requirements, principles and considerationspertaining to indigenous people continue to evolve and be defined. The properties in respect of which we currently hold or in the future may hold an interestare subject to the risk that one or more groups of indigenous people may oppose operation or new development. Such opposition may be directed throughlegal or administrative proceedings or protests, roadblocks or other forms of public expression against the operator’s or our activities. Opposition byindigenous people to such activities may require modification of or preclude operation or development of projects or may require the entering into ofagreements with indigenous people. Claims and protests of indigenous peoples may disrupt or delay activities of the operators of assets in respect of whichwe hold a stream, royalty or other similar interest which may result in a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financialcondition.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 33/89
Table of Contents
- 33 -
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Shares
Our common shares are subject to price volatility
Securities markets have a high level of price and volume volatility, and the market price of securities of many companies have experienced widefluctuations in price which have not necessarily been related to the operating performance, underlying asset values or prospects of such companies. Factorsunrelated to our financial performance or prospects include macroeconomic developments in North America and globally, and market perceptions of theattractiveness of particular industries or asset classes. There can be no assurance that continued fluctuations in mineral prices will not occur. As a result ofany of these factors, the market price of our common shares at any given time may not accurately reflect the long-term value of Triple Flag.
In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have instituted class action securities litigation againstthem. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial cost and diversion of management attention and resources, which could significantly harm theprofitability and the reputation of Triple Flag.
Future offerings of debt securities, which would rank senior to our common shares upon our bankruptcy or liquidation, and future offerings of equitysecurities that may be senior to our common shares for the purposes of dividend and liquidating distributions, may adversely affect the market price of ourcommon shares
In the future, the Company may attempt to increase its capital resources by making offerings of debt instruments or other securities convertible intocommon shares. Upon bankruptcy or liquidation, holders of our debt securities and lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive a distribution ofour available assets prior to the holders of our common shares. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing shareholders or reducethe market price of our common shares, or both. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factorsbeyond our control. As a result, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings, and shareholders bear the risk that ourfuture offerings may reduce the market price of our common shares and dilute their ownership interest in the Company.
The issuance of additional common shares, or securities convertible into common shares, may have a dilutive effect on the interests of shareholders. We mayhave to raise additional capital through the issuance of additional equity, which could result in dilution to our shareholders
The issuance of additional common shares, or securities convertible into common shares, may have a dilutive effect on the interests of shareholders. Thenumber of common shares that we are authorized to issue is unlimited. We may, in our sole discretion, subject to applicable law and the rules of the TSXand the NYSE, issue additional common shares from time to time (including pursuant to our equity incentive plan (the “Omnibus Plan”) or any otherequity-based compensation plans that may be introduced in the future and pursuant to our Dividend Reinvestment Plan (“DRIP”)) and the interests ofshareholders may be diluted thereby. As at December 31, 2025, 400,633 RSUs, 294,587 PSUs and 1,134,697 Options had been granted under the OmnibusPlan and 1 million common shares currently reserved for future issuance under our DRIP. There are 8,496,673 common shares currently reserved for futureissuance under our Omnibus Plan. In addition, 84,185 common shares are currently reserved for issuance upon exercise of replacement options of theCompany (“Legacy Options”) issued to holders of Maverix options in exchange for those options under the Arrangement.
We may require new capital to continue to grow our business and there are no assurances that capital will be available when needed, if at all. It is likely that,at least to some extent, such additional capital will be raised through the issuance of additional equity, which could result in substantial dilution toshareholders.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 34/89
Table of Contents
- 34 -
Future sales of common shares by the Principal Shareholder (as defined below) or the Management Shareholders (as defined below), could impact the priceof our common shares
As of the date of this AIF, Triple Flag Mining Aggregator S.a.r.l. (the “Principal Shareholder”), or affiliates thereof, owned or controlled, directly orindirectly, approximately 64.8% of our issued and outstanding common shares. In addition, management of the Company (the “ManagementShareholders”) owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, approximately 2.14 million common shares, representing approximately 1% of our issued andoutstanding common shares. No prediction can be made as to the effect, if any, of future sales of common shares by the Principal Shareholder or theManagement Shareholders on the market price of the common shares. However, the future sale of a substantial number of common shares by the PrincipalShareholder or the Management Shareholders, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect prevailing market prices for the commonshares. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, nothing prevents the Principal Shareholder or the Management Shareholders from selling orotherwise disposing of their common shares.
The Principal Shareholder has significant influence over the Company
As a result of its significant share ownership (as described above), the Principal Shareholder, or affiliates thereof, has significant influence with respect to allmatters submitted to our shareholders for approval, including without limitation the election and removal of directors, amendments to our constatingdocuments and the approval of certain business combinations, and in considering such matters their interests may not always align with the interests of ourother shareholders, as the Principal Shareholder and its affiliates are in the business of making and acquiring investments in businesses. In addition, we andthe Principal Shareholder are party to the Investor Rights Agreement (as defined below), as amended, which, among other things, provides the PrincipalShareholder, or affiliates thereof, the ability to nominate 33% of Triple Flag’s directors (rounded up to the next whole number), subject to reductions tothe percentage of directors that may be nominated based on reductions in the percentage of common shares owned by the Principal Shareholder. See“Capital Structure – Investor Rights Agreement” for a description of the Investor Rights Agreement. Other shareholders will have a limited role in theCompany’s affairs. This concentration of holdings may cause the market price of the common shares to decline, delay or prevent any acquisition or delay ordiscourage take-over attempts that shareholders may consider to be favorable, or make it more difficult or impossible for a third-party to acquire control ofthe Company or effect a change in the Board and management. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction could deter potential acquirers orprevent the completion of a transaction in which the Company’s shareholders could receive a substantial premium over the then current market price for thecommon shares. While the Principal Shareholder and its affiliates have been a key source of financial support since inception, the Principal Shareholder andits affiliates have no obligation to continue to provide financial support and no assurance can be given that they will do so.
In addition, because the Principal Shareholder controls a majority of the voting power of the outstanding common shares, Triple Flag qualifies as a“controlled company” within the meaning of the NYSE listing rules. As a controlled company, Triple Flag is eligible to and, in the event it no longerqualifies as a “foreign private issuer” under SEC rules, it will be able to elect not to comply with certain of the NYSE corporate governance standards.Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company believes it is currently in compliance with all applicable NYSE corporate governance standards.
Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations that have increased both our compliance costs and the risk ofnon-compliance, which could have an adverse effect on the price of our common shares
We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulated organizations, including the CanadianSecurities Administrators, the SEC, the TSX, the NYSE and the International Accounting Standards Board. These rules and regulations continue to evolvein scope and complexity making compliance more difficult and uncertain. Further, our efforts to comply with these and other new and existing rules andregulations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time andattention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 35/89
Table of Contents
- 35 -
We incur significant legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses as a result of being a public company in both Canada and the United States.Compliance with applicable Canadian and U.S. securities laws and the rules of the TSX and NYSE has substantially increased our expenses, including ourlegal and accounting costs, and makes some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we are required to establish and maintain effectivedisclosure and internal controls and procedures over financial reporting and we have incurred significant expenses and have devoted substantialmanagement effort toward ensuring compliance with the requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, which involves an annualindependent auditor attestation of our internal controls over financial reporting. In addition, future changes to such Canadian and U.S. securities laws andthe rules of the TSX and NYSE could increase our compliance expenses. Reporting obligations as a public company in these jurisdictions and ouranticipated growth may place a strain on our financial and management systems, processes and controls, as well as on our personnel, and will requiremanagement and other personnel to divert attention from operational and other business matters to devote substantial time to these public companyrequirements.
These laws, rules and regulations have also made it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required toaccept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult forus to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board or as officers. As a result of the foregoing, we expect a substantial increase in legal,accounting, insurance and certain other expenses in the future, which will likely negatively impact our financial performance and could cause our results ofoperations and financial condition to suffer.
Claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reducethe amount of money available to us
Our by-laws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers and we are also party to indemnification agreements with each of our directors andofficers. Under the terms of the indemnification agreements, we are required to indemnify each of our directors and officers, to the fullest extent permittedby applicable laws, if the basis of the indemnitee’s involvement in a proceeding is by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was a director or officer ofthe Company or any of its subsidiaries. We will indemnify our officers and directors against all reasonable fees, expenses, charges and other costs of anytype or nature whatsoever, including any and all expenses and obligations paid or incurred in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in,participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness or participate in any completed, actual, pending or threatened action, suit, claimor proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under the indemnificationagreement. The indemnification agreements will also require us, if so requested, to advance within 10 days of such request all reasonable fees, expenses,charges and other costs that such director or officer incurred, provided that such person will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that suchperson is not entitled to indemnification by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfysuccessful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 36/89
Table of Contents
- 36 -
Our by-laws provide that any derivative actions, actions related to breach of fiduciary duties, actions arising pursuant to the Canada Business CorporationsAct or our articles or by-laws and other actions related to our internal affairs will be required to be litigated in Canada, which could limit your ability toobtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us
Our by-laws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Superior Court of Justice of the Province of Ontario,Canada and appellate courts therefrom (or, failing such court, any other “court” as defined in the CBCA, having jurisdiction, and the appellate courtstherefrom), will be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action or proceeding asserting abreach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us, (3) any action or proceeding asserting a claim arising pursuant toany provision of the CBCA or our articles or by-laws, or (4) any action or proceeding asserting a claim otherwise related to our “affairs” (as defined in theCBCA). Such forum selection provision does not apply to any action brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the U.S. Exchange Act, includingthe respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any other claim under U.S. federal securities law for which the United States federal or statecourts have exclusive jurisdiction, and our shareholders cannot and will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the U.S. federal securities lawsand the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Section 22 of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”), however,creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the U.S. Securities Act or therules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a forum selection provision as written inconnection with claims arising under the U.S. Securities Act. Our forum selection provision also provides that our shareholders are deemed to have notice ofand consented to personal jurisdiction in the Province of Ontario and to service of process on their counsel in any foreign action initiated in violation of thisprovision. Therefore, it may not be possible for shareholders to litigate any action related to the foregoing matters outside of the Province of Ontario.
Our ability to pay dividends will be dependent on our financial condition and other restrictions
The declaration, timing, amount and payment of dividends are at the discretion of the Board and will depend upon our future earnings, cash flows,acquisition capital requirements and financial condition, contractual restrictions and financing agreement covenants, including those under our CreditFacility, solvency tests imposed by applicable corporate law and other relevant factors. Under the terms of the Credit Facility, unless we receive a waiver orconsent from the lenders party thereto, we are not permitted to pay dividends on our common shares unless (1) there is no default or event of default underthe Credit Facility at the time of payment of such dividends and (2) on a pro forma basis both before and subsequent to making the dividend, our Net Debt/Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization Ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) is no greater than 4.00:1.00. Although our currentpolicy is to pay a quarterly dividend, there can be no assurance that we will declare a dividend on a quarterly, annual or other basis.
The Canada Revenue Agency’s (“CRA”) recent focus on foreign income earned by Canadian companies may result in adverse tax consequences for TripleFlag
There has been a recent focus by the CRA on income earned by foreign subsidiaries of Canadian companies. The majority of our stream assets are ownedby and the related revenue is received by our Bermuda wholly owned subsidiary and this revenue is not subject to Canadian taxation in accordance with theCanadian foreign affiliate rules. We have not received any reassessment or proposal from the CRA in connection with income earned by our foreignsubsidiaries. Although management believes that we are in full compliance with Canadian tax law, there can be no assurance that our structure may not bechallenged in the future. In the event that the CRA successfully challenges our structure, this could potentially result in additional federal and provincialtaxes and penalties, which may have a material adverse effect on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition and the trading price of oursecurities.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 37/89
Table of Contents
- 37 -
We may be, or may become, a “passive foreign investment company,” which may result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences for U.S. investors
In general, a non-U.S. corporation is a “passive foreign investment company” (a “PFIC”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year inwhich (i) 75% or more of its gross income consists of passive income or (ii) 50% or more of the value of its assets consists of assets that produce, or areheld for the production of, passive income. Generally, “passive income” includes, for example, dividends, interest, certain rents and royalties, certain gainsfrom the sale of stock and securities, and certain gains from commodities transactions. Based on its current and expected income, assets, and activities, theCompany does not expect to be classified as a PFIC for the current taxable year, nor does it anticipate becoming a PFIC in the foreseeable future. However,the classification of the Company under the PFIC rules will depend, in part, on whether certain of its income qualifies for the exception for active businessgains arising from the sale of commodities for purposes of the PFIC asset and income tests. The determination of whether any corporation is a PFIC for aparticular taxable year also depends on the application of complex U.S. federal income tax rules, which are subject to differing interpretations anduncertainty. There is limited authority regarding the application of the active business gains exception and other relevant PFIC rules to entities such as theCompany and its subsidiaries. Accordingly, no assurance can be provided regarding the Company’s PFIC status for its current taxable year or any futuretaxable year, and there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) will not challenge the views of the Company concerning its PFICstatus. If the Company were a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. investor held common shares, the U.S. investor generally would be subject tocertain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences, including increased tax liability on gain from the disposition of common shares and on certaindistributions, an interest charge on certain taxes deemed deferred as a result of the Company’s non-U.S. status, and a requirement to file annual reports withthe IRS. Certain elections might be available to mitigate the foregoing adverse tax consequences. U.S. investors should consult their own tax advisorsregarding the implications of the PFIC rules for an investment in common shares of the Company.
General Risk Factors
We are a foreign private issuer and intend to take advantage of less frequent and detailed reporting obligations
We are a “foreign private issuer”, as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the U.S. Securities Act, and are not subject to the same requirements that areimposed upon U.S. domestic issuers by the SEC. Under the U.S. Exchange Act, we are subject to reporting obligations that, in certain respects, are lessdetailed and less frequent than those of U.S. domestic reporting companies. As a result, we do not file the same reports that a U.S. domestic issuer wouldfile with the SEC. Although we are required to file or furnish to the SEC the continuous disclosure documents that we are required to file in Canada underCanadian securities laws, the disclosure requirements and reporting deadlines differ from those applicable to U.S. domestic companies. For example, wehave more time after the end of each fiscal year to file our annual report with the SEC than U.S. domestic companies that report as “large accelerated filers”or “accelerated filers”, we are not subject to Item 1300 of Regulation S-K (as discussed below) and our requirements under Canadian securities laws to filematerial change reports and business acquisition reports differ from the requirements to report similar events on Form 8-K with the SEC.
As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt from the rules and regulations under the U.S. Exchange Act related to the furnishing and content of proxystatements. We are also exempt from Regulation FD, which prohibits issuers from making selective disclosures of material non-public information. Whilewe comply with the corresponding requirements relating to information circulars and disclosure of material non-public information under Canadiansecurities laws, these requirements differ from those under the U.S. Exchange Act and Regulation FD and shareholders should not expect to receive thesame information at the same time as such information is provided by U.S. domestic companies.
Company: Triple Flag Precious Metals Corp. Fri Mar 27 2026 18:40
Document: tfpm_Current Folio_40F/tfpm_Ex99_1 (v3.6)
Page: 38/89
Table of Contents
- 38 -
In addition, as a foreign private issuer, we are permitted to follow certain Canadian corporate governance practices in lieu of those required by the NYSElisting rules. In particular, we intend to follow the listing rules of the TSX in respect of private placements instead of the requirements of the NYSE toobtain shareholder approval for certain dilutive events (such as issuances that will result in a change of control, certain transactions other than a publicoffering involving issuances of a 20% or greater interest in Triple Flag and certain acquisitions of the shares or assets of another company). The TSXthreshold for shareholder approval of private issuances of common shares is generally 25%, subject to additional shareholder approval requirements in thecase of certain issuances to insiders, and accordingly, we will be permitted to rely on shareholder approval rules that may be less favorable to shareholdersthan for U.S. domestic companies that are subject to NYSE shareholder approval rules.
We may lose foreign private issuer or multijurisdictional disclosure system (“MJDS”) status in the future, which could result in significant additional costsand expenses
We may in the future lose foreign private issuer status (in addition to MJDS status) if (i) a majority of our directors or executive officers are U.S. citizens orresidents; (ii) a majority of our assets are located in the United States; or (iii) our business is administered principally in the United States. The regulatoryand compliance costs to us under U.S. securities laws as a U.S. domestic issuer will be significantly more than the costs incurred as an SEC foreign privateissuer. If we are not a foreign private issuer, we would be required to file periodic and current reports and registration statements on U.S. domestic issuerforms with the SEC, which are generally more detailed and extensive than the forms available to a foreign private issuer (including Item 1300 of RegulationS-K, as discussed below). In addition, we may lose the ability to rely upon exemptions from corporate governance requirements that are available to foreignprivate issuers. The loss of foreign private issuer status would result in significant costs and expenses which could have an adverse impact on our financialcondition and cash flows.
In addition, even if we retain foreign private issuer status, we may lose MJDS status if our public float decreases below $75 million within 60 days of filingour U.S. annual report each year. As a non-MJDS foreign private issuer, we would be required to comply with Item 1300 of Regulation S-K, which setsforth the U.S. disclosure requirements for SEC registrants with mining operations. Item 1300 of Regulation S-K, if applicable to us, would presentsubstantial operational challenges for us to comply with, given that we are a royalty and streaming company and do not directly operate our mining assets,and would likely require us to incur significant expenses.
Our inability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could increase the risk of an error in our financial statements and/or call intoquestion the reliability of our financial statements
We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting, which is a process designed to provide reasonableassurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRSAccounting Standards. Because of inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projectionsof any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that thedegree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. A failure to prevent or detect errors or misstatements may result in a decline in themarket price of our common shares and harm our ability to raise capital in the future.
If our management is unable to certify the ef