683 Capital Management, LLC  
First Quarter 2026
Assets Under Management (millions)
QTD YTD LTM IRR
(Since Inception)
Value of $1
(Since Inception)
683 Capital (Net) -2.71% -2.71% 24.04% 16.25% $19.08
Long Market Value Short Market Value
Equities 94.28% 28.12%
HY Debt / Preferreds / Converts 13.48% 0.84%
Equity Options / Warrants 12.26% 5.98%
Sovereign Debt 0.93% 0.00%
Senior Corporates 0.00% 0.00%
TOTAL 120.95% 34.94%
Long Equity Delta Short Equity Delta
Equities 94.28%  28.12%
HY Debt / Preferreds / Converts/Sov Debt 11.64% 0.84%
Equity Options / Warrants 30.71% 51.74%
SUB-TOTAL 136.63% 80.70%
Gross Equity Exposure 217.33%
Net Equity Exposure 55.93%
Netting Within Issuers 34.13% 34.13%
Equity Exposure After Netting 102.50% 46.57%
Long Senior Corporates Short Senior Corporates
Netting Within Issuers 0.00% 0.00%
Senior Corporates After Netting 0.00% 0.00%
THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION.  THIS DOCUMENT CAN ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED BY 683 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION D.
Assets Under Management and Quarter‐End Exposures for 683 Capital Partners, LP
$1,668.9
THE PRIVATE INVESTMENT FUND REFERRED TO IN THIS DOCUMENT HAS NOT AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION HAS NOT
REVIEWED OR PASSED JUDGEMENT ON THESE PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS, AND ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS ILLEGAL. NO SECONDARY MARKET EXISTS NOR IS ONE ANTICIPATED TO DEVELOP, AND
POTENTIAL INVESTORS MUST DEEM ANY INVESTMENT IN THESE FUNDS AS “ILLIQUID.”  THESE SECURITIES ARE NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY OTHER PARTY, AND CAN ONLY BE REDEEMED BY THE GENERAL PARTNER.
ANY INVESTMENT IN THESE SECURITIES IS HIGHLY SPECULATIVE AND INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND IS NOT APPROPRIATE FOR ALL INVESTORS. AN INVESTMENT INVOLVES SUBSTANTIAL RISKS MORE FULLY
DESCRIBED IN THE CONFIDENTIAL MEMORANDUM, AND THE INVESTOR MUST ACCEPT AND BE PREPARED TO LOSE THE ENTIRE INVESTMENT.
THIS DOCUMENT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES AND IS NOT AN OFFERING OF SECURITIES. AN OFFERING OF SECURITIES CAN ONLY BE MADE BY MEANS OF THE CONFIDENTIAL MEMORANDUM FURNISHED TO
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS.  THIS PRESENTATION DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION TO ANY PERSON IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE OFFER OR SOLICITATION IS NOT AUTHORIZED.
683 Capital Management, LLC
1700 Broadway, Suite 4200
New York, NY 10019
(212) 554-2389
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
683 Capital Management, LLC 
1700 Broadway, Suite 4200 
New York, NY 10019 
(212) 554-2389 
683 Capital Management, LLC  
First Quarter 2026 
 
In the first quarter of 2026, 683 Capital  Partners, LP lost -2.71%. During the same period, t he S&P 500 
index returned -4.33%, and the Russell 2000 index returned 0.89%. 
 
Two themes drove market returns this quarter . The first was the repricing of software and technology 
companies on AI disintermediation fears; our portfolio was almost entirely unaffected. The second was the 
US-Iran war and the closure of the Strait of Hormuz , which sent oil prices sharply higher and raised fears 
of a significant recession. The fund has a meaningful amount of financial, cyclical, and European exposure,1 
so the war had a negative impact on our portfolio  in the first quarter . That said, given our cautious 
positioning and the underlying performance of our portfolio companies, the effect of the war on 
performance was quite noticeable in March, but effectively just reversed gains from earlier in the quarter. 
 
The most important negative performance drivers this quarter came in the clinical pharma portfolio, where 
the results of three clinical trials – for Wave Life Sciences, Gossamer Bio, and Fractyl Health – went against 
us. The clinical pharma portfolio ha d, until this quarter, performed very strongly for a n extended period, 
and we attribute the recent drawdown to good process and bad outcome, which is a hazard of stock investing 
generally and clinical pharma investing in particular. Our autopsies of these tri als suggest that all three 
drugs work, but that a combination of trial design and bad luck produced the negative results. In each case, 
we believe the market overreacted. 
 
Outside of clinical pharma, the fund had notable losses in Capital One and Carvana, and gains in Soitec. 
 
Quarterly Results 
 
The largest loss in the quarter was in Wave Life Sciences, whose shares fell from $17 to $7.25 . In late 
March, Wave released interim clinical data from its Phase 1 trial of WVE-007, an RNA therapy that silences 
expression of the INHBE  gene to cause fat -specific weight loss. Late last year, Wave had announced 
striking results in its first trial cohort. The recent data, which was released in late March , was broadly 
positive but messy. On the positive side, the 240 mg cohort showed a 14% reduction in visceral body fat at 
six months, up from 8% at three months. On the other hand, placebo-adjusted total body weight fell only 
1%, and the 400 mg cohort showed less visceral fat loss at three months than the 240 mg cohort had shown.
2 
The market treated these results as a failed trial , because the established regulatory bar for obesity is 5% 
weight loss at twelve months, and nothing in this update demonstrated that WVE-007 could clear it.3 
 
We think the market is making two mistakes. The first is dismissing WVE-007. It is clearly an active drug 
that reduces visceral fat, which is highly correlated with reducing metabolic and cardiovascular disease. In 
hindsight, the market overreacted positively to the Q4 data, because the small cohorts and low BMIs both 
suggested that the data could wind up being noisy, which is what happened. This sort of noise is not unusual 
for a Phase 1, healthy volunteers study, but management, which needed to raise money in the fourth quarter, 
probably overhyped what the study would be able to show. None of that changes the fact that the upside in 
WVE-007 remains extraordinarily large , either as a monotherapy (our base case) or as a drug that treats 
metabolic disease (similar to SGLT2 inhibitors like Jardiance). 
 
 
1 Because Europe is a significant net importer of energy, European stocks got hit much harder than American ones. 
2 The failure to show a dose response is likely explained by the leaner baseline of the 400 mg cohort participants. The 
results in the 400 mg cohort were still striking in patients with excess visceral fat. 
3 This view misses the fact that this was a Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers with an average BMI of 32. The Phase 
2a study will enroll obese patients with BMIs of 38 or higher, and we expect that the higher body fat percentage will 
result in much more meaningful weight loss. 
 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 2 
The second mistake is that the market is ignoring developments in the rest of Wave’s portfolio. During the 
quarter, GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) returned WVE-006, an RNA editing drug for alpha -1 antitrypsin 
deficiency (AATD). WVE-006 was the key element in a late 2022 deal that brought GSK and Wave into 
collaboration and provided Wave with $170 million in funding.4 When initial WVE-006 data was released 
in October 2024, Wave stock went from $8 to $14, even though at that time Wave’s economics in WVE -
006 were less than 50% .5 A later read-out on the same trial dampened enthusiasm because dose-response 
was weaker than expected from animal models, and GSK’s new CEO made the decision to return the drug 
candidate without waiting to see the next read -out. But in early March, Wave announced that WVE -006 
data was scheduled as a late breaker oral presentation at the American Thoracic Society conference in May. 
We are unaware of an example where a late breaker oral has been awarded to an early-stage drug with poor 
results. Even if WVE-007 were to disappoint, Wave’s current valuation may be covered several times over 
by WVE-006.6 
 
The second largest loss was in Gossamer, which read out its Phase 3 trial of seralutinib in pulmonary arterial 
hypertension (PAH) in February. This read-out was by far the most frustrating event of the quarter. At week 
24 – the primary endpoint –  patients on seralutinib walked 13.5 meters further than patients on placebo, 
with a p -value of 0.032. Gossamer’s pre-specified level of significance was 0.025 , making this a failed 
trial.7 
 
In our view, the only data point in the entire trial that failed to impress was the primary endpoint. At week 
12, patients on seralutinib walked 12 meters further than placebo in the six-minute walk test, with a p-value 
of 0.015. A smaller group of patients reached week 48, where the gap widened to nearly 30 meters , with a 
p-value of roughly 0.02, per management. This last data point is very important, because most PAH drugs 
are palliative,8 while seralutinib should, mechanistically, be disease modifying, which is supported by the 
deepening effect of the drug over time. In short, it is overwhelmingly likely that seralutinib works. But 
statistically, using the prespecified level of significance of 0.025, the trial failed.  
 
The cardio logy division of the FDA historically has be en quite rigid , and there are several other PAH 
therapies already available on the market. None of those therapies is particularly good, because they either 
manage symptoms or carry toxicity, and patients often cycle through many of them. We believe that if the 
FDA allows Gossamer to submit an NDA and convenes an advisory committee panel, seralutinib will likely 
be approved. We also believe that if seralutinib were approved, then it would be a very big drug, given the 
weaknesses of existing options.  
 
Gossamer shares dropped from $3.10 to $0.33. The ferocity of the drop in the share price was driven in  
large part by the fact that the company has $ 200 million in bonds coming due next summer . These bonds 
make it challenging to recapitaliz e the company outside a bankruptcy,  unless the FDA allows  an NDA 
submission. Following the clinical trial results, 683 Capital took a position in the bonds at an average of 
 
4 A cash payment of $120 million and a $50 million equity investment.  
5 With GSK returning WVE-006, Wave’s economics are now 100%. 
6 We understand the market’s skepticism of WVE-006, given that GSK returned it. But we are reminded of words we 
first heard from Fred Eshelman, the CEO of Furiex (a company that was created by bartering CRO services for 
economics on drugs from large pharmaceutical companies and was ultimately sold at a big price): “Big pharma – why 
ask why?” Our checks suggest that GSK ’s current management team simply viewed the indication as non -strategic 
for GSK. We think the invitation to give a late breaker oral presentation at the American Thoracic Society is a far 
better indicator of WVE-006’s prospects.  
7 We believe that if Gossamer were running this trial under current FDA guidance, the pre -specified p-value would 
have been 0.05 and seralutinib would be on the path to non- controversial approval. When Gossamer negotiated the 
trial design with the FDA, they agreed to run just a single Phase 3, rather than the standard two trials. In part to 
convince the FDA that one trial would be sufficient, Gossamer proposed an alpha threshold of 0.025 – lower than the 
traditional 0.05 – to ensure that the FDA would find the result sufficiently robust. T he FDA has since moved away 
from requiring two large controlled trials.  
8 The most important drug in the category, Winrevair, may be disease modifying as well , but it has substantial side 
effects, and many patients can’t stay on it for all that long. 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 3 
roughly 40 cents on the dollar . We believe that others will recognize the strength of the seralutinib data, 
and either the FDA will allow an NDA submission, or some other party will ultimately pay the bonds well 
in excess of 40 cents on the dollar for the chance to run a new Phase 3 study. 
 
Fractyl was a similar story to Wave . Fractyl’s main asset is Revita, a medical device that allows a 
gastroenterologist to ablate the mucosa in a patient’s duodenum. The procedure was originally designed for 
glycemic control in diabetics,9 but it also appears to be highly effective in weight loss. In the fall, Fractyl 
announced three-month results from the REMAIN-1 Midpoint Cohort, a study in patients who had lost 
weight using a GLP-1 and wanted to stop taking the medication. The results were very promising: patients 
who had the Revita procedure lost another 2.5% of body weight , while sham-treated patients gained back 
10% of body weight. These results carried a p-value of less than 0.02 in a 45-patient study. But in January, 
the company announced six-month results in the same trial, and the outcome was decidedly mixed. At six 
months, Revita-treated patients experienced 4.5% weight gain against a 7.5% gain in the sham arm . The 
results were close to reaching statistical significance, but from a clinical perspective, they were far less 
interesting than the three -month data. The company’s management team attributed the weaker six-month 
results to a series of issues, including insufficient ablation length and irregularities in exercise /diet advice 
at one high-enrolling study site. Results from a much larger group of patients (315) will be announced early 
in the fourth quarter, and management believes that these same issues will not recur. Fractyl’s share price 
fell from $2.20 to $0.46, reflecting an exceedingly small probability of success in the larger trial. We have 
tempered our expectations from the initial 3-month data, but we are more bullish than the odds implied by 
the market price. 
 
A bright spot in the clinical pharma portfolio was Genfit , a French drug company whose main asset is a 
royalty on a drug now owned by Ipsen called Iqirvo, which treats primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Iqirvo 
competes with Livdelzi (owned by Gilead), and previously competed with Ocaliva (owned by Alfasigma). 
In September, Alfasigma agreed to withdraw Ocaliva from the market because of concerns about drug-
induced liver injury. We have long believed that Iqirvo is the best of the available treatments, and with the 
withdrawal of Ocaliva, its sales inflected as a bolus of patients was left without treatment. Genfit rose from 
€5.26 to €8.48. We believe that it would be highly logical for Ipsen to buy Genfit , even at a price well in 
excess of the current price. The value of the royalty alone far exceeds Genfit ’s enterprise value, and Ipsen 
should have strategic interest in an  oncology asset that Genfit is planning to put in to a Phase 2 study later 
this year. 
 
In the rest of the portfolio, 683 Capital had losses in Capital One and Carvana, and gains in Soitec.  
 
The major news in Capital One was its acquisition of Brex in January for roughly $5 billion in cash and 
stock. Brex is an  AI-native spend management company that issues corporate cards to companies like 
Anthropic, DoorDash, and Canva. The acquisition is strategic because Capital One has lagged in corporate 
cards; that said, the price Capital One paid was probably too high. Contextually, the price for Brex is less 
than the amount Capital One earns in two quarters , but the announcement landed in a market that  was 
getting bearish on both financials and software- adjacent businesses. Capital One fell from $242.36 to 
$182.43, underperforming both the XLF and Synchrony, which is probably its closest credit card 
comparable. At quarter -end, COF traded at about 9x  2026 earnings and less than 7 x 2028 earnings 
estimates. Barring a serious credit cycle, we think 2028 analyst estimates are conservative. 
 
Carvana was the subject of multiple short reports in the first quarter, which for the most part lacked any 
information that was both true and new. These reports landed during a broader retreat from “story” stocks, 
and the stock fell again when Q4 numbers showed profit per car that was a couple hundred dollars light , 
mostly because of identified and fixable operational issues. Carvana shares fell from $422.02 to $314.38 
during the quarter. We believe Carvana remains well on track for its medium-term target of selling 3 million 
 
9 For which it works well and is on the market in Germany. Its commercial promise is limited by the large number of 
drugs on the market for diabetes. 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 4 
cars at a 13.5% EBITDA margin. At an ASP of $30,000 a car, this would translate into approximately $12 
billion of EBITDA.10 Carvana sold 600,000 cars last year, up 43%. At a 25% growth rate, Carvana will 
reach 3 million cars 8 years from now, which is also the equivalent of adding about 300,000 car sales a 
year. At that scale, we think the company’s financial performance would support about a $1,000 share price, 
even if growth moderates to something on the order of 10% a year. A higher share price would be likely if 
growth remained elevated. We trimmed the position by writing calls w hen the stock was higher . From 
roughly $300, our modal outcome is a three-to-four-bagger over eight years, which is very attractive. 
 
The largest winner in the quarter was Soitec. Soitec has been a drag on fund performance for a couple of 
years. The company is the world’s leader in silicon -on-insulator technology, but management stuffed the 
channel in its leading product (RF chips for smartphones) to a degree that we did not think was possible. 
The resulting inventory unwind is now in its third year, following five years of over shipment that ended in 
2023. In the fourth quarter of 2025, Soitec shares traded to levels that were unfathomab le for a company 
with its technology portfolio,  except in the presence of such a poor set of decisions and communications. 
This quarter, the market rediscovered that Soitec is the sole -source provider of substrate materials for 
optical photonics, which are important for reducing power consumption and latency in data centers. Soitec 
has been more conservative than the market on expected photonics revenue , which is uncharacteristic for 
the company. We held our noses and added to Soitec at prices under €30 per share in the fourth quarter. In 
the first quarter, we sold some of what we had bought in the fourth quarter of last year . We believe the 
market is still undervaluing Soitec , but we worry that there will be disappointment if revenues in optical 
photonics track closer to the company’s expectations than to the market’s. We are also aware that in all 
things related to data center demand , industrial results can be very non -linear. Soitec shares rose f rom 
€23.19 to €51.64.  
 
We continue to run at conservative risk levels compared to our historical appetite . The recent pullback in 
the market made securities prices somewhat more attractive as of the end of the quarter, but it did so against 
a backdrop of enormous levels of uncertainty. Since the end of the quarter, markets have rallied hard, despite 
the real risk of a stagflationary recession. Equity risk premiums and credit spreads remain tight, and so we 
are staying vigilant. 
 
Philosophy 
 
A well-known framework in neuroscience divide s cognitive function between the brain’s right and left 
hemispheres.11 In this school of thought, the left brain handles analytical and explanatory tasks , and the 
right brain handles spatial processing (i.e., visualization) and gestalt perception. The left brain is arithmetic 
and logical, and the right brain is intuitive. The left brain breaks things down into its component parts, and 
the right brain integrates them into a whole. 
 
As it is taught, whether in universities or in the CFA curriculum, investing might be viewed as a left-brain 
exercise. Or in the words of Seth Klarman:  “Value investing is,  at its core,  the marriage of a contrarian 
streak and a calculator.”12  
 
Investing is a n upfront payment today for the receipt of a stream of future payments discounted at some  
rate. Computers in particular (which , until recently, were unarguably left -brained machines) ought to 
behave as if the numbers drive investments. 
 
 
10 At that scale, Carvana would likely be net cash , and $12 billion of EBITDA would translate into roughly $55 per 
share of EBITDA on the current share count. 
11 See e.g., The Matter with Things by Iain McGilchrist. The reality of brain structure is probably more complex than 
McGilchrist and related peers portray (see e.g., Seven and a Half Lessons About the Brain by Lisa Feldman Barrett), 
with many of these cognitive processes effectively being widely distributed. Regardless of its structural accuracy, it 
is an interesting framing of different cognitive styles. 
12 18th Annual Graham and Dodd Breakfast Transcript, October 2, 2008, page 9. 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 5 
But across the past fifteen years or so, the market has increasingly been acting right -brained, with gestalt 
being the driving force of market price s. This is to say that intuitions about the long run impacts of large 
secular forces have dominated calculations of “intrinsic value,” both in how stocks behave in the short run 
and, to a great extent, how investors have performed in the long run.  
 
On the short-run phenomenon, consider the following two examples from the first quarter of this year. 
 
The first is the violent repricing of anything that might be disintermediated by AI . Driven by the mind-
blowing improvements in vibe coding and in agentic AI, the market suddenly  took down the prices of 
companies that theoretically might be exposed to these advances.  
 
The most notable moment in this repricing happened in late February,  when a futuristic memo written by 
Citrini Research took down the stock prices of virtually every company that was mentioned in the memo.13  
 
Citrini’s memo, which was written as if it were a news report from June 2028 , speculated that by then, AI 
would have replaced an enormous number of white -collar workers and would have likewise 
disintermediated a wide range of companies, breaking all sorts of business models. The usual suspects, like 
enterprise software (with a knock-on to private equity/credit), were named. But the memo went wider, and 
also identified companies like Capital One and Mastercard as at-risk for payments disintermediation; it also 
identified companies like DoorDash and Uber as at-risk of delivery driver disintermediation. More than 30 
companies were named in total, and most of them were down 5-10% on that day. 
 
There were no new facts in the Citrini memo . James van Geelen, the author of the memo, admitted , “If I 
thought stocks were gonna move on this, I wouldn’t have made it free.”
14 Citrini’s memo was a visualization 
of a future that almost certainly won ’t unfold exactly the way that van Gee len imagined. But it was very 
well directed at the brain ’s right cortex and vividly captured a gestalt that the market had already begun 
pricing. AI is powerful, moving rapidly , and is going to change things a lot . Failure to appreciate that 
disruption is coming would be a substantial failure of imagination. 
 
Citrini’s memo was the most observable of a set of instances this quarter where anything hinting at AI 
disintermediation caused massive repricings.15 Software stocks in particular had their worst quarter in years. 
All of this happened without near-term earnings estimates moving at all.16 
 
The second example has been the continued upward march of SpaceX’s anticipated IPO price in the absence 
of any kind of numerical justification.  
 
 
13 The memo is available at https://www.citriniresearch.com/p/2028gic 
14 See “AI Disruption Debate  Roils Markets and Refocuses Risk,”  PYMNTS, Febr uary 25, 2026, available at  
https://www.pymnts.com/artificial-intelligence-2/2026/ai-disruption-debate-roils-markets-and-refocuses-risk/  
15 Perhaps the most amusing of these was in early February,  when Algorhythm Holdings, a penny stock that 
transitioned from karaoke machines to trucking logistics software announced in a 10 -page white paper that their 
software had reduced deadhead miles by 70%. The note erased billions of dollars of market value from other trucking 
companies, most notably CH Robinson. 
16 While many software stocks traded at quarter end at levels that seem optically reasonable if one is willing to accept 
“adjusted EPS,” these valuations still embed much optimism about the future if one insists on using GAAP. The main 
distinction between these numbers tends to be employee stock compensation, and we think that the GAAP numbers 
tend to be closer to accurate economically. As an example, the team spent a fair amount of time looking at 
ServiceTitan. ServiceTitan is a software business for contractors that we believe to be undermonetized, data -
advantaged, and almost impossible to rip out. It is down more than 40% because of fears that competitors or others 
could vibe code an equivalent solution (which we view as unlikely although not impossible). T he problem with 
ServiceTitan is that it pays roughly $200 million a year in stock-based compensation. That was less than 2% dilution 
a year when the stock was more than $100 a share, but it is about 3% at $60 a share, and it would be 5% at $40 a share. 
The company is supposed to earn about $1.25 this fiscal year on an adjusted basis but lose about $1.25 on a GAAP 
basis. We think the stock compensation issue at ServiceTitan is typical of most companies in the sector. 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 6 
SpaceX last raised money at an $800 billion valuation in December 2025 , and then it merged in February 
with xAI in an exchange of paper that valued SpaceX at $1 trillion and xAI at $250 billion. As the quarter 
progressed, the whisper value of the combined entity for the pro posed $75 billion offering in June was 
raised to more than $2 trillion.17 SpaceX’s hoped-for valuation is now roughly 6 times where it was valued 
in mid-2025 and 15 times where it was valued in 2023. The company’s 2025 revenue was about $16 billion 
and EBITDA was about $8 billion, putting the valuation of SpaceX at about 125 x revenue and 250 x 
EBITDA.18 Under GAAP, SpaceX may have negative earnings. 
 
SpaceX is, of course, a phenomenal business. The company has a substantial cost advantage versus rivals 
in its launch business, and it currently has a large lead over competitors in its Starlink business. Starlink is 
only the first example of the many business models that may ultimately be unleashed by very cheap space 
launches.  
 
A variety of parties have attempted to build financial models to justify the anticipated valuation. These 
models have enormous trouble getting to the suggested $2 trillion valuation. 19 Performing a Mauboussin-
Rappaport style “Expectations Investing” analysis of what is implied by the price reveals what appears to 
be an absurdity: Assuming SpaceX has to reinvest all its earnings,20 then in order to achieve a 10% annual 
return over the next 14 years in SpaceX, the company would have to be worth $8 trillion in 2040. If by 
2040, SpaceX is considered a mature dominant business, it would like ly trade at roughly 20x EBITDA. 
SpaceX would thus have to generate $400 billion of EBITDA, or 50 times the EBITDA it generated last 
year (and 25 times last year’s revenue s). Starlink is a very good service, although it apparently has 
congestion issues at relatively low levels of usage. As a point of comparison, the entire global telecom 
industry had revenue of $1.55 trillion and an EBITDA margin of about 35% last year.21 Assuming that most 
of the EBITDA comes from Starlink and at a 70% margin,22 Starlink would have to produce something like 
$500 billion of revenue a year out of the portion of the world that has limited access to broadband because 
it has limited funds.23 
 
Ultimately, an investment in SpaceX at $2 trillion is a right-brained bet that Elon ’s platform will surface 
value in ways that can ’t really be enumerated at the time of the investment. And there is apparently $75 
billion of investor money that is ready to take that bet, which even today is still a lot of money.  
 
I raise these examples not to criticize the people who were selling their Capital One down 8% because they 
read an online research report that provided a hypothetical scenario where agentic commerce routing had 
destroyed the interchange model (which is a modest part of Capital One’s valuation to begin with) , or to 
criticize those who are lining up to buy SpaceX on the bet that Elon will figure out something that no one 
 
17 See “SpaceX is Worth $2 Trillion? What That Might Mean.”, Al Root, Barron’s, April 3, 2026, available at https://
www.barrons.com/articles/spacex-2-trillion-valuation-ipo-elon-musk-94416397 
18 As of publication, there was not a good estimate of capital expenditures for SpaceX, but it would be surprising if it 
were not in the billions, given that the business involves the launch of large objects.  
19 For instance, in March, when the discussed price for SpaceX was $1.5 trillion, Morningstar published an analysis 
justifying that number by projecting 2040 revenue of $150 billion and EBITDA of $95 billion. See: “Does SpaceX’s 
Sky-High Valuation Make Sense?”, Morningstar, March 9, 2026, available at https://www.morningstar.com/stocks/
does-spacexs-sky-high-valuation-make-sense. As noted in the text, to get a 10% return over 14 years, SpaceX would 
have to be worth four times as much (or $6 trillion) by 2040, which means that Morningstar was effectively valuing 
SpaceX in 2040 at more than 60x Morningstar-projected 2040 EBITDA.  
20 For a business to grow EBITDA by 50 times in 14 years and provide a capital return seems very unlikely. 
21 “2026 Global Telecommunications Industry Outlook,”  Deloitte, available at  https://www.deloitte.com/us/en/
insights/industry/technology/technology-media-telecom-outlooks/telecommunications-industry-outlook.html 
22 And that assumes $50 billion of EBITDA from something other than Starlink. 
23 It also cuts across the trend that the world is rapidly urbanizing. In high and upper-middle income countries, upwards 
of 70% of the population lives in urban areas. See Our World in Data,  available at  https://ourworldindata.org
/urbanization 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 7 
yet can see. 24 Rather, I am pointing out what an extraordinarily strong force intuition is on people ’s 
investment decisions, even in a world with more than 200,000 active CFAs.  
 
And for the better part of the last 15 years, intuition has been winning. The problem with numerical analysis 
in the absence of gestalt is that it is very difficult to be non -linear on a spreadsheet. The most noteworthy 
major fortunes that have been made in the market in the last fifteen years have come from understanding 
that something is going to be “really big,” that some business model is a “winner,” or that some entrepreneur 
is “backable,” and then simply buying and holding on.  
 
The 2017 news coverage of Tesla’s market cap exceeding GM’s for the first time now seems almost quaint. 
At that time, GM traded for 5.5 x earnings, and Tesla traded at about 5 x sales. Tesla was losing copious 
amounts of money then. In the intervening nine years, GM has been a decent investment, with the stock 
more than doubling and with earnings and revenue up modestly. During the same period, Tesla stock has 
been a massive home run, up around 20 times. Revenue is up almost by a factor of 10, and the market now 
puts twice the EV/sales multiple on Tesla that it did in 2017. There was no reasonable spreadsheet in 2017 
that would have anticipated this kind of outperformance.
25 
 
In the summer of 2023, well after ChatGPT was released, sell -side analysts anticipated that Nvidia would 
have about $80 billion of revenue in fiscal 2027. The $80 billion was a significant step-up from the $27 
billion of revenue the company had achieved in fiscal 2023. As it turns out, Nvidia’s fiscal 2027 revenues  
are now expected to be more than $350 billion. The actual number was quite literally beyond most people’s 
imaginations. Modeling can give a sense of false precision about a world that does not tend to proceed in a 
linear fashion.  
 
And in a world where the vast majority of the market capitalization is in companies trading at high multiples 
of revenue and earnings, the vast majority of the value tends to be in the tail. That is to say,  the value is in 
the vision, so getting the vision right really matters.  
 
As I have noted in prior letters, as a matter of simple math, in the dividend discount model, a company that 
can grow its dividend forever at a rate greater than the discount rate is infinitely valuable. Nonetheless, the 
value such a company might deliver in the next 10 years in the form of capital return will be both finite and 
small if its shares trade at a very high multiple. There is just an enormous range of value that a fast-growing, 
good business might trade at. In the long run ( i.e. over a couple of  decades), that value is determined by 
what actually happens to earnings. In the short ru n, small changes in narrative can cause big changes in 
valuation in both directions. How large those swings ought to be is between the stock price and the market 
gods. 
 
Intuition and visualization should, therefore, be important components of the investment process. When an 
investor who is careful about doing valuation work loses money, it is usually because he or she has missed 
the gestalt.
26 Chris Hohn of TCI, whom most would describe as amongst the best and most serious of public 
market investors of this century , gave a long interview last May on the In Good Company  podcast.27 TCI 
has long been known for its rigorous and numerical cash flow work with regard to its investments . But in 
 
24 Although being naturally a little left-brained, I find it hard not to find it a little humorous, even if I shouldn’t. 
25 A less controversial one of these examples would be the “smart money” fascination with being long Sears and short 
Amazon around 2004 and 2005. There is still a more than reasonable left -brained argument that Tesla is overvalued 
by a lot. 
26 Sometimes it happens because the world has changed in a genuinely unpredictable way. But as easy as it is in 
hindsight to identify stupid right-brained investments (which tend to combine over-valuation and over-visualization), 
the same is true of left-brain investments (which tend to combine insufficient recognition of disappearing competitive 
advantages, failure to separate secular from cyclical earnings, and underappreciation of the ability of poor management 
teams to squander both cash and economic goodwill). 
27 The podcast is available at https://podcasts.apple.com/no/podcast/sir-chris-hohn-strategic-investing-long-term-
value/id1614211565?i=1000708401082&l=nb 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 8 
the interview, Hohn described intuition, which he further called “the opposite of intellect ,” as being 
essential in an investment process.  
 
As I have mentioned in many letters, 683 has not , for the most part, made its money by being right about 
gestalt.28 We try to read the maps with the right brain, but we mostly drive with our left brains. 
 
There are two big problems with giving the steering wheel to the right -brain and just letting it drive the 
investment decisions. The first of these is that our right brains have a tendency to fill in patterns and see 
things that aren’t there. These hallucinations happen to the best intuitive thinkers. 
 
A funny example of this sort of hallucination was the Silicon Valley craze over virtual reality. In late 2021, 
Bill Gates was predicting that most office meetings would take place in the metaverse by 2024.
29 And Mark 
Zuckerberg was more or less betting his company that virtual reality was the next big thing.  Billions of 
dollars were invested in a technology that had absolutely no legs as soon as the Covid-19 emergency was 
over. 
 
Another classic was Masayoshi Son’s obsession with WeWork. Son is amongst the most successful 
investors of all time, but he blew billions on a business model that was obviously flawed. In an autopsy of 
the result, Lionel Barber at the New York Post wrote, “But in Masa’s case, deeper psychological forces were 
at work. His approach to business and life in general was that if he could visualize something, it must be 
true.”30 Sometimes the right brain sees stuff that just isn’t there. 
 
Within the 683 Capital portfolio, we have also at times experienced right-brain hallucinations that have been 
costly. Perhaps the most salient of these was Opendoor, which was one of the biggest detractors from 
performance in our 2021-2022 drawdown. Transaction costs on a home sale and purchase in the United States 
amount to more than 10% of the home’s purchase price. And home-flipping is an activity profitably performed 
without scale or database advantages by local entrepreneurs who lack any ability to cut into any of the 10% 
of transaction costs that Opendoor could theoretically address . Led by Eric Wu, who was a seasoned 
entrepreneur in the space, Opendoor was a great right-brain idea that ran aground on some combination of 
poor execution and the realities of the real estate market, which made capturing any share of those transaction 
costs very difficult.31 There are a variety of extremely good reasons why Carvana (which was solving a similar 
problem in the used car market) has been exceedingly successful and Opendoor has been a failure. These are 
 
28 This isn’t to say that we don’t sometimes make a lot of money on narrative . The fourth quarter 2017 letter’s 
Philosophy section entitled “Revisiting the tenets of value investing (or how I learned to stop worrying and love 
growth stocks too),” explained how we had come to sell most of our Cars.com stock (then trading at 12x EV/EBITDA 
and gushing cash but with a competitive threat from CarGurus) and had bought a position in Carvana (then losing 
copious amounts of money but with a business model that we suspected would become dominant over time). Cars.com 
has since fallen by more than two -thirds, and Carvana is up about 15 times . And arguably the biggest trade in the 
history of the fund, which was the sequential buying of preferred stocks in banks in 2008 and 2009, was a gestalt bet 
that after Lehman and AIG, neither the Bush administration nor the Obama administration would destroy the US 
financial system to teach banks a lesson. 
29 “Bill Gates says the metaverse will host most of your office meetings within ‘two or three years’ – here’s what it 
will look like,” CNBC.com, December 9, 2021, available at https://www.cnbc.com/2021/12/09/bill-gates-metaverse-
will-host-most-virtual-meetings-in-a-few-years.html  
30 “How Soft Bank bet and lost billions on WeWork,” Lionel Barber, Februa ry 2, 2025, available at  
https://nypost.com/2025/02/02/lifestyle/how-softbank-bet-and-lost-billions-on-wework/  
31 For Opendoor to disintermediate real estate brokers (which is the largest piece of the transaction’s  costs) is 
exceedingly difficult without the company having sufficient scale and reputation that sellers to Opendoor and buyers 
from Opendoor would feel comfortable proceeding without a broker. In the interim, given that Opendoor lacked scale 
to dictate terms, it suffered from being a potential disintermediation force, which meant that brokers were inherently 
leery of it. Part of the reason that we passed when the new management and money came in is that the new strategy 
involves being present in all 50 states. If we were running Opendoor, we would be trying to get to scale that would 
allow for market power in a very limited number of markets. 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 9 
very clear in hindsight, but were opaque to us in 2022. It has been with some combination of melancholy and 
amusement that we have watched the market take a second shot at Opendoor across the past twelve months.  
 
The second problem with following intuition is less dire but still a significant issue, especially for public 
investors who mark to market: gestalt provides at best a vague indication of what something is worth. This 
quarter, for example, Carvana fell from $422.02 to $314.38. In our view, there was essentially zero 
incremental information on the long-run potential of Carvana that was revealed during the quarter. We believe 
that AI is likely a benefit to the business, because Carvana is likely to be able to generate far more value from 
AI than local dealers will, both because of its centralized operating structure and because it is run by people 
who understand software and technology. Arguably, AI could lower profits in Carvana’s financing business 
for the same reason it could lower profits in all financing businesses,32 but neither the benefits nor the potential 
detriments from AI were changed by the rapid advances we have seen . More generally, Carvana could 
reasonably be worth $200 or $600 per share today, and the difference depends on a future that hasn’t unfolded 
yet.33 
 
The issue of paying the right price for a correct reading of the gestalt  is a non-trivial issue. An investor in 
Microsoft on January 1, 2000 would have been extraordinarily prescient in understanding what a special 
company Microsoft was and how its lock on the Windows market would create a path to long- term 
competitive advantage in businesses that had yet to be conceived of. Such a vision would have been totally 
accurate. In fiscal year 2000, Microsoft had about $23 billion of revenue, and in fiscal year 2026 it will have 
$327 billion. Net income was $9.4 billion in fiscal year 2000, and this fiscal year, analysts expect in excess of 
$125 billion. There are very few results in the history of business that have been as successful as Microsoft’s 
last 26 years. 
 
But the starting price on January 1, 2000 was extremely steep. From the turn of the century until the end of 
last quarter, Microsoft has compounded at 9% with dividends reinvested, which is 1% a year better than the 
S&P 500 index as a whole. There are plenty of businesses with far more modest business outcomes that have 
had better financial outcomes for shareholders across the same period, because the starting place was less 
challenging.34 
 
683 Capital’s approach has historically been mostly left-brained and will likely remain so. Amongst the tools 
that we find most helpful are using the price to deduce the gestalt (Mauboussin-Rappaport style). And 
sometimes, that has led us to sell too soon when we might have done better if we had used a little bit more 
imagination. 
 
We believe that the best approach, at least for us, is to respect the power of intuition , but in the context of 
being able to provide the numbers that would support the gestalt. In a world in which vision and imagination 
have been winning for a long time, we think that there is probably a fair amount of value to holding onto our 
calculators. We don’t have to win in the biggest arenas; we just have to win in the ones we choose to play in. 
The best investments will be those where both the intuition and the numbers line up, and those don’t have to 
be in the areas that market participants are currently the most focused on. 
 
 
32 In the AI future, everyone could ask an AI model to get them the best deal on their auto loan rather than taking the 
offer from the dealer. 
33 We could also argue for numbers higher than $600 by making relatively small tweaks in discount rates , size, and 
profitability at maturity. 
34 One we like to point out in this regard is a small UK -domiciled company called Keller, whose primary business is 
a specialist contractor that advises on and builds foundations for buildings. Keller has grown revenue 10 times over 
26 years and earnings by about 12 times . This growth is very good but well below Microsoft ’s. But because Keller 
has traded at a much lower valuation the whole way (its shares are currently 11x earnings, which is the high end of its 
range), it has compounded with a much higher yield. With dividends reinvested, a Microsoft investor is up 900% ; a 
Keller investor is up 1700%. We give Keller as an example because it is almost entirely unknown and because at no 
point in the last 26 years did people accord it much of a multiple. 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 10 
The year the fund was launched, 2006, was probably the last zenith of left-brained thinking. A right-brained 
thinker at that time had generational-sized shots on what turned out to be the best businesses in the world for 
at least the next decade. 35 We believe at present there may be certain businesses trading at free cash flow 
yields above 15% that will turn out to be sustainable. These opportunities exist because the investment case 
for them depends on the numbers rather than the gestalt or the narrative.  
 
We are doing our best on these positions to make sure we aren’t missing the gestalt. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Performance Disclaimer 
 
The net of fees calculation represents gross returns adjusted for the advisory fee (1.5% per annum) and the annual performance fee 
of 20% (accrued monthly) for an IPO restricted account of a day- one investor. IPO eligible accounts may have lower or higher 
returns. Information in this letter has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but cannot be guaranteed. The above results 
include reinvestment of dividends, interest, and capital gains. Intra-year returns are estimates, have not been audited, and are subject 
to change without notice. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate. Past performance should not be construed as a n 
indicator of future results. Information about the indices is provided to present the performance of the fund aga inst certain well-
known and widely recognized indices. Such information is included to show the general trend in the markets during the periods  
indicated and is not intended to imply that the holdings of the fund were and are similar to the indices, either in composition or risk 
profile. Each index is a benchmark of unmanaged securities, not a security that can be purchased or sold, and does not take i nto 
account trading commissions, management and performance fees, and other operational expenses. The investment program of the 
fund is not restricted to the securities comprising such indices and allows for, among other things, the use of leverage, short selling, 
and the use of derivatives. The funds ’ portfolios may not be as diversified as such indices and the volatility of indices may be 
materially different from the volatility of the funds. Additional information is available upon request. 
 
35 For instance, in retrospect it is hard to believe that in 2011, one could buy Apple at a low teens P/E multiple at a 
point when the iPhone had pretty much already won. We owned Apple at that time but sold it when the multiple rose, 
which was a classic left-brained error. 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
