Admiral Capital Partners
 I 
 
 
February 6, 2026 
Dear Partners, 
 
Frustratingly, our Fund lost 18.5% in the first month of 2026 as the IGV (software ETF) fell 15%, diverging 
sharply from the broader indices.  Worse, the SaaSpocalypse has continued into February due to: 
 
(1) Anthropic’s release of Claude Cowork  and Claude Legal, new tools to automate & execute multi -
step tasks . These incremental advances have sparked hypothetical ly major risks for software 
incumbents that we see as benign for our holdings, detailed below. 
(2) Microsoft Azure’s growth of only 38%, one point below expectations.  When Big Tech falls 10% on 
earnings, small tech can fall harder even if the only connection is technical/algorithmic.   
 
Most leading software companies are down 2 5-50% year-to-date despite no company specific news.  Such 
dramatic changes in sentiment are hard to anticipate, and we argue that this move is overblown; quality 
software is highly likely to revert over the course of 2026/27.  Software is priced as though it were the travel 
industry entering Covid, except the threats are long term  (architectural and societal ) rather than 
immediate.  There is unprecedented hype and fear around advances from AI natives. 
 
 
 
AI empowers software to do incredible things, and vendors are racing to deploy solutions as the new TAM 
opens up.  One of the leaders is Palantir, whose CEO Alex Karp coined the term “Commodity Cognition” 
referring to the availability of cheap, interchangeable models  (confirmed by  foundation model 
leaderboards). Tenured software execs know the hard part of building a business isn’t creating code, it’s 
product-market fit and convincing customers to buy.  This is why software leaders spend ~20% of revenue 
on R&D but ~40% on S&M.  The race of agentic automation becomes a battle for context, governance, trust 
and distribution.  AI natives are aiming for maximum context, but they trail incumbents in the other three 
dimensions, which is why incumbents are installing so much enterprise AI.  Anthropic and OpenAI began 

 
 
Admiral Capital Partners
 I 
2 
with product-led growth and are building enterprise sales forces. The AI natives are formidable but they’re 
also playing from behind  and lack proprietary data .  Both seem likely to grow toward the stature of 
Microsoft or Apple, but that success doesn’t destroy the rest of enterprise SaaS, they are partnering with it. 
The expanding TAM is large enough to support their hypergrowth and the success of many others.  
 
Let’s walk through the primary extrapolations driving this episode of fear and intense selling. 
 
 Bear Thesis #1: Knowledge work will be automated by AI, reducing the need for paid seats 
 
Yes, lots of work previously done by humans is being cheaply automated with tokens.  We see early use 
cases with customer support, junior-level code generation, creative drafting and more.  Small teams can do 
more than ever  because AI is a wonderful productivity tool.  Said another way, AI-enabled software is 
displacing budgets previously allocated to payroll  (a 10x larger TAM ), and it’s happening across all 
vendors simultaneously.   This large expansion of software is akin to the rise of agricultural equipment: 
work that required an army will be handled by fewer humans with specialized tools.  It’s a leap forward 
in what humans + software can accomplish that leads to a shifting of jobs and specializations. If AI can do 
your job well, it’s going to soon. Agentic software has entered the workforce and is upskilling with each 
hardware release and foundation model iteration. 
 
Agentic automation is very valuable to customers , but incumbent software providers have to earn the 
automations or risk having their human users automated by someone else.   That’s why Anthropic’s 
announcements sparked a panic : if productivity gets turbocharged and agents complete advanced tasks, 
fewer human seats are needed except where efficiency gains are offset by expanding, captive automation.   
This dynamic presents a new calculus, challenging investors to analyze (1) which users of which apps are 
in the path of AI’s advance , and (2) which platforms can empower new categories of high-leverage work. 
We can’t anticipate all the ways jobs will shift, but  we see incumbents with proprietary context deploying 
AI at a rapid pace, often for valuable tasks that were previously impractical due to human expense.  
 
Already, AgentForce (CRM) and Now Assist (NOW) handle millions of service requests and automations; 
Zscaler is automating threat detection and response (MDR); Gitlab is automating CI/CD; the list goes on.  
In each case, value provided to companies is expanding as work is consolidated to fewer higher impact 
seats.  The transition to premium or variable pricing is already working : Now Assist built a $600m ARR 
business in 2 years (4.5% of NOW’s total), with attach rates still increasing every quarter.  Nearly every one 
of our software holdings has adjacent TAM enabled by AI, and many of them see accelerating growth into 
2026 as the opportunity opens up (private equity executives at Insight Partners and Thoma Bravo have 
noted the same ).  While human orchestrators  like Teleperformance suffer from displacement , incumbent 
software has an opportunity to capture the value of that efficiency, increasing their value add  and 
stickiness.1 
 
 
 
1 Note the employment divergence for customer support roles and programming jobs.  SMR estimates 45% of customer 
service roles to be at risk, with jobs likely declining at a high-single-digit rate (reducing the cost center).  In contrast, there is 
still a shortage of software developers even with large productivity gains because of Jevons Paradox (from the steam engine 
days): the lower cost of code increases demand for it exponentially. Corporations remain in an arms race with each other, 
and each year better solutions are needed to win. 
 
 
Admiral Capital Partners
 I 
3 
Bear Thesis #2: Cheap code will lead companies to build instead of buy, or allow AI-natives 
to offer 80% of incumbent functionality at a fraction of the cost 
 
Code is much easier to create with AI, and vibe coding is expanding what novices can accomplish.  The 
TAM expansion demands hustle at discontinuity, and small startups can create valuable AI functionality 
that incumbents buy to integrate and distribute broadly.  It’s an exciting time for developers, but there are 
two main reasons why the vast majority of companies will continue to buy software rather than build their 
own.  First, software is a great tool but it’s also an operational liability.  All of the systems used to orchestrate 
operations, coordinate resources, reduce cost of failure, drive revenue, etc. are disruptive when they fail.  
Outsourcing the maintenance, security and upgrading of these systems allows comp anies to reduce 
headcount and benefit from best-of-breed innovation while transferring execution risk.   
 
Second, getting 80% of the functionality for a discount sounds great, but that last 20% of functionality is 
often critical to a company ’s purchase decision and ROIC.  Consider ServiceTitan, the high -priced 
operating system for HVAC, plumbing and other trade companies.  It competes with many cheaper 
alternatives, but its customers gain market share because the platform intelligently automates marketing, 
pricing, communication, scheduling , dispatching, accounting, reporting and more.  Together, TTAN’s 
domain expertise reduces opex and drives revenue  growth, more than justifying its premium price.  The 
complexity and robustness of leading software solutions took tens of millions of man hours to architect and 
create, and now their S&M and R&D teams are armed with AI tools as well.  For mission critical software, 
the bar to be 80% as good as incumbents is pushing outward as fast as vibe coding helps new entrants. 
Quality software companies maintain >95% gross retention ratios because comparative advantage dictates 
that expertise should be centralized at the vendor, allowing customers to focus on their core business.  
 
Anthropic excels at code creation, and yet they buy software from Atlassian, Datadog, Gitlab, Mong oDB, 
Salesforce, Workday and others.  Even Mag 7 rely on third-part SaaS software despite enormous resources 
and expertise.  Th is “Buy over Build” consensus is echoed by many on social media including Dharmesh 
Shah at HubSpot, Saumil Mehta at Ticketmaster, the IT team at JP Morgan ( 1 and 2), Aaron Levie at Box, 
and so on .  If the world’s best engineering teams aren’t rebuilding their stacks, the broad market won’t 
either. 
 
Bear Thesis #3: AI agents at the operating system level will d isintermediate user interfaces 
and hollow out their value proposition 
 
A high-functioning agent at the operating system level is an alluring idea: centralized agents can synthesize 
data across an enterprise, achieving context and agency that’s unavailable within each silo like a CRM or 
ERP.  Several giants are chasing this AI OS grail from different starting points: model builders (Anthropic, 
OpenAI), data platforms (Snowflake, Databricks, Palantir), and workflow incumbents (Microsoft, 
ServiceNow).  Each company is gaining market share while wrestling with the obstacle of data  gravity in 
their unification efforts .  The long term risk to applications is real with the success of Palantir’s ontology 
and foundry approach.  So far, Palantir has a tiny  share of enterprises (only 571 commercial clients ) but 
massive ARPU as they consolidate functionality into an AI OS .  In the rest of the market , OS-level agents 
are considered a compliance and security nightmare because they can act with a user’s authority but 
without their judgement. 
 
 
 
Admiral Capital Partners
 I 
4 
These behemoths are working against a t rust paradox: the most powerful AI (OS -level) is currently the 
least deployable, while safer AI (App -level) is winning the budget. Incumbents have an immediate 
advantage deploying AI, yet they risk long term disintermediation by AI with complete context. The 
market is large, expanding quickly, and those with market power are building sticky workflows to extend 
and defend their turf.  Now Assist consumes tokens just like Claude, but customers cho ose ServiceNow 
because of trust in the relationship: their complex workflows require governed agentic authority, secure 
integrations, compliant policies, all bundled with support and maintenance.  Armed with AI, leading  
platforms can innovate faster, reaching toward the control center objective themselves, capitalizing on the 
broad desire to consolidate vendors and reduce complexity. 
 
 
 
AI is creating a wealth of opportunity for software companies.  Yes, it introduces uncertainty as theoretical 
capabilities begin to impact real workflows.  Incumbents and new entrants are competing on new terms at 
the frontier, but the economic pie is expanding  rapidly.  Smart capital is defending the sector, including 
Avenir, Thoma Bravo, HCLTech and even Nvidia’s Jensen Huang, who said “There's this notion that the 
software industry is in decline and will be replaced by AI… It is the most illogical thing in the world.”   
We agree.  Recent price action is divorced from operational reality  and the future state of play , with 
structural winners being sold off indiscriminately. 2  
 
Throughout 2025, AI emerged as the largest theme driving corporate investments and valuations.  We’ve 
been tuned in to the changing landscape and see many incumbents as net beneficiaries of AI and agentic 
workflows.  The market is penalizing the entire sector for its faster pace of change, including the innovators 
leading the race.   We thought many software stocks were beaten down in December, and the collapse in 
valuations since then has made this opportunity  undeniable.  As at the Covid nadir, we are licking our 
wounds but are very bullish about prospective returns.   
 
Great investment outcomes often come from being contrarian and right.   We think the fear surrounding 
software stocks today is excessive and in many cases irrational. We can’t predict which headline will bring 
relief, but we are highly confident this drawdown is misguided and we are fully invested alongside LPs.  
 
 
 
Thanks again for your trust and patience.  
 
Alec Shaffner 
Managing Partner 
 
 
2 Notably, credit markets seem to disagree with the equity collapse. Prices on loans to PE-backed software companies show 
no signs of stress because operating results are fine.  For example, Thoma Bravo’s $5bn of borrowing at Proofpoint trades at 
99c and a 6.74% yield.  If software were dying, the bond market would confirm it.
