1 
 
 
 
Ararat Capital  
2 Railroad Place 
Westport, CT 06880 
T 646 779 6400 
 
May 15th, 2026 
Greetings from Ararat Capital, 
In the first quarter of 2026, Ararat Capital funds returned -3.5% gross and -3.5% net(1).  During the 
quarter, on a blended fund basis, our longs generated losses of 4.4%(2) on capital and our shorts 
generated gains of 0.9% on capital.  Our long positions returned -5.4%(2) while our short positions 
returned 2.0%.  For the first quarter, our long exposure averaged 83.1% of capital while our short 
exposure averaged 42.9% of capital. 
 
Quarterly Performance Review 
During the first quarter, our long portfolio underperformed the Russell 2000 Index by 624bps while 
our short portfolio outperformed the index by 290bps.  We generated a 334bps negative spread 
between the returns on our long and short portfolios.  Our inception-to-date long / short spread 
now stands at 29,177bps.  Our longs have outperformed our shorts by over 290% since our Fund 
launch. 
The Russell 2000 Index returned 0.9% in the first quarter.  Boosted by a strong rally in January, 
small- and mid-capitalization stocks withstood a global selloff in March to end the quarter in 
 
Past performance is not indicative of future results. Please see Important Disclosures on the final page of this letter for more information regarding 
performance and investment examples set forth in this letter. 
 
Narrow River Narrow RiverClass A Class A Average Average Russell 2000Gross Return Net Return(1)Gross Exposure Net Exposure Index Return(3)Q1 2026 -3.5% -3.5% 126.1% 40.2% 0.9%
CONFIDENTIAL. FOR THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF Mr. Neel
Rajendra Tanna
2 
 
positive territory.  For the first time in six quarters, smaller market capitalization stocks 
outperformed larger market capitalization stocks as the S&P 500 Index(4) was down 4.3%. 
The outperformance of the Russell 2000 Index in the first quarter can largely be explained by the 
weakness of the mega-capitalization stocks.  In contrast to the trend we have witnessed for most of 
the past two years, the mega-capitalization stocks significantly underperformed to start the year.  
The index comprised only of Magnificent Seven stocks (BM7T)(5) fell 12.0% in the first quarter.  The 
underperformance of the Magnificent Seven masked the resilience of equity market returns as the 
S&P 500 Equal Weighted Index(6) outperformed the S&P 500 Index by 5.0% in the quarter (the S&P 
500 Index was down 4.3% vs. the S&P 500 Equal Weighted Index up 0.7%).  When examining the 
S&P 500 Equal Weighted Index performance, which minimizes the impact of the Magnificent 
Seven, the performance of smaller market capitalization stocks looks much more in line with the 
performance of larger market capitalization stocks.  Despite the weak performance to start the year, 
the mega-capitalization stocks have only given back a small portion of the outsized gains they have 
experienced over the prior three years.  The Magnificent Seven stocks were up 333% vs. the S&P 
500 Index up 86% and the Russell 2000 Index up only 47% from the start of 2023 through the end 
of 2025. 
The impact of geopolitics was again felt this quarter.  After a strong 5.4% gain in January followed 
by another 0.8% gain in February, the Russell 2000 Index fell 5.0% in March.  The March decline 
was triggered by the outbreak of war in Iran that began with coordinated airstrikes by the United 
States and Israel on the evening of February 28th.  The drop experienced by the Russell 2000 Index 
in March was on par with the declines exhibited by the larger market capitalization indices with the 
S&P 500 Index falling 5.0% (S&P 500 Equal Weighted Index down 6.0%) and the Nasdaq 
Composite Index(7) down 4.7%. 
When analyzing our first quarter performance, contributions were relatively uneven as we had one 
large contributor and two large detractors that had an outsized impact on our performance.  In total, 
we had nine names (six longs and three shorts) from six sectors contribute 50bps (gross) or more to 
performance.  We also had nine names (eight longs and one short) from five sectors detract over 
50bps (gross) from performance.  European Wax Center (EWCZ) and Douglas Dynamics (PLOW) 
were our two top contributors during the quarter.  AUTO1 Group (AG1 GR) and LegalZoom.com 
(LZ) were our two largest detractors.   
European Wax Center was our largest contributor in the quarter, adding 264bps (gross) to 
performance.  We have previously discussed EWCZ in several letters, most recently as the largest 
detractor in last year’s third quarter letter.  On February 10th, the company announced an agreement 
for General Atlantic to take the company private at $5.80 per share.  The all-cash purchase price was 
a 45% premium to the company’s closing share price on February 9th and a 51% premium to the 
CONFIDENTIAL. FOR THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF Mr. Neel
Rajendra Tanna
3 
 
company’s 90-day volume-weighted average share price. The deal closed last week.  While the 
takeout was a nice boost to our first quarter performance, the outcome is bittersweet for us as we 
believe the fair value of the company is greater than the price paid by General Atlantic.  We made 
our views known and voted our proxy against the transaction. 
Douglas Dynamics was our second largest contributor in the quarter, adding 150bps (gross) to 
performance.  We first invested in PLOW over two years ago.  At the time, the Work Truck 
Solutions (WTS) segment, which focuses on municipal work trucks, was performing well.  However, 
an unusually warm winter and record low snowfall (which followed a mild winter the previous year) 
raised serious concerns about PLOW's core Work Truck Attachments (WTA) segment.  As a result, 
EBITDA estimates had been slashed and the stock traded at less than half its current price.  We 
purchased our initial shares based on the belief that the WTA business was dramatically 
underearning and that winter trends would normalize. 
We grew the position over the course of 2024 as we observed continued strength in the WTS 
segment and progress on reducing balance sheet leverage through the sale of company-owned real 
estate.  We further increased our position in early 2025 after stronger winter trends emerged during 
the 2024-2025 season.  However, because snowplows are typically ordered and delivered ahead of 
the season, equipment orders for the 2025-2026 season were ~30% below average as dealers and 
contractors entered the season with a cautious posture. 
Our thesis gained more traction in the first quarter as this past winter’s snowfall totals were ~25% 
above the 10-year average.  Despite this momentum, management issued conservative 2026 
guidance in late February.  Guidance assumed only a low single-digit percentage increase in volumes 
while also factoring in additional costs associated with boosting overtime shifts to prepare for 
stronger demand during the spring pre-order season.  Subsequent to quarter end, the company 
reported first quarter earnings on May 4th and raised guidance for 2026 revenue and EBITDA.  We 
have reduced our position as the stock has appreciated but remain constructive on PLOW’s outlook 
as snowplow dealers restock their inventories in preparation for next winter. 
 AUTO1 Group was our largest detractor in the first quarter, costing the fund just over 350bps 
(gross) of performance.  We have previously discussed AUTO1, most recently as the second largest 
contributor in our second quarter letter last year.  As discussed in prior letters, AUTO1 operates the 
leading online platform for used cars in Europe.  The company sources used cars primarily from 
consumers, which are then sold to third-party dealers in the Merchant segment (~80% of revenue) 
as well as directly to consumers through the more nascent Autohero segment (~20% of revenue).   
AUTO1’s share price declined 45% in the first quarter.  With the stock price essentially cut in half, 
one might think that the company had reported poor results or there was a significant drop in future 
CONFIDENTIAL. FOR THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF Mr. Neel
Rajendra Tanna
4 
 
expectations.  However, the Street consensus for Adj. EBITDA remains at essentially the same level 
as the beginning of the year.  In short, 100% of the stock price decline was multiple compression 
with an EV / EBITDA multiple of ~13.5x at the end of March.  We believe there are two main 
factors that may have contributed to the stock price weakness; however, we find these concerns to 
be unfounded and temporary in nature.   
It is clear to us that AUTO1 has been thrown into the “AI risk” bucket along with other software, 
digital marketplace and consumer internet businesses.  We discussed this dynamic extensively in our 
fourth quarter letter.  We believe the key concerns for investors in this area have been around: 1) 
lower barriers to entry driving increased competition from emerging companies; 2) direct 
competition from AI companies such as Open AI; 3) potential consumer traffic headwinds 
associated with a reduction in traditional internet search activity.   
With regard to new competition, the company has significant competitive advantages that would be 
extremely difficult to replicate even if someone could build software for free (e.g., significant pricing 
data informing its purchase model, network effects with consumers and a broad dealer customer 
base, scale benefits, etc.).  Several companies have tried to compete with AUTO1 over the past 10 
years but have largely gone out of business, leaving AUTO1 as the dominant player in continental 
Europe.  In terms of direct competition from AI, AUTO1 has inherent physical elements to its 
business, including 725 drop-off locations as well as reconditioning facilities throughout Europe that 
are essential to driving a strong consumer value proposition.  We believe it is highly unlikely that a 
frontier AI lab company (such as Open AI) would be interested in replicating these physical assets.  
Finally, we don’t expect an impact on the company’s online traffic to buy or sell cars on the 
platform.  In terms of buying cars from consumers, AUTO1 is the dominant player within their 
markets (if you ask Gemini for advice on selling your car in an AUTO1 market, they will highlight 
AUTO1’s platform as the clear option for a convenient and quick sale).  On the Autohero side, we 
believe AUTO1 would at worst be in a neutral position, but most likely a favorable position in 
capturing traffic from the leading generative AI chatbots (such as ChatGPT) given it is a digital-first 
company with a very high net promoter score and significant scale that sells cars 100% online (vs. 
less sophisticated brick & mortar dealers with a historically poor consumer experience). 
Investors are also concerned about the potential negative impact on the European consumer and 
used car market due to the conflict in the Middle East.  We recognize that the Iran War has led to 
higher energy costs, which have historically had an impact on consumer confidence and spending.  
Though the European used car auto market and AUTO1 are starting from a healthy position, we 
acknowledge the market could potentially be negatively impacted by a prolonged conflict.  However, 
even if AUTO1’s unit growth is weaker than originally expected due to a difficult consumer 
backdrop, we expect the impact would be fairly minimal relative to the company’s seemingly 
conservative mid-teens unit growth expectation and would not justify the share price reaction we 
have seen.   
CONFIDENTIAL. FOR THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF Mr. Neel
Rajendra Tanna
5 
 
We continue to believe AUTO1 has a significant opportunity to grow revenue and profitability in 
the coming years.  Over time, we expect sustained growth from the Merchant segment coupled with 
very strong growth from Autohero will enable the company to grow profitability at very high rates 
for years to come.  We believe that over time the market will recognize AUTO1’s business resilience 
and widening competitive moat; in the interim, the company’s significant profit growth (Adjusted 
EBITDA is growing ~35% in 2026) can also drive an attractive return.  We took advantage of the 
first quarter selloff by meaningfully increasing our position and AUTO1 is currently our largest 
position. 
LegalZoom.com was our second largest detractor during the quarter, costing the fund ~310bps 
(gross) of performance.  LZ fell 43% in the first three months of the year as investor fears of AI 
disruption weighed heavily on shares.  The escalating market panic we observe through the selling of 
anything perceived to be threatened by AI is underscored by the reaction to news that broke in early 
February that Anthropic would release a new plug-in to handle a variety of legal tasks.  LZ shares 
fell 20% that day, along with virtually everything deemed legal-adjacent (shares of Thomson Reuters 
fell 16% the same day). 
While AI could negatively impact LZ, the February news that Anthropic would release a legal plug-
in really had nothing to do with LZ’s business.  LZ is focused on serving small businesses; 
specifically, assisting an entrepreneur in business formation and subsequently helping the business 
succeed through a suite of higher-value subscription services.  The Anthropic plug-in automates 
legal tasks such as contract review and legal document drafting.  These tools target attorney and 
paralegal end users.  Anthropic’s own documentation stressed that the tool assists with legal 
workflows but does not provide legal advice and that AI-generated analysis must be reviewed by 
licensed attorneys before being relied upon.  Ironically, the plug-in could be an accelerant to LZ’s 
business.  LZ does very little legal document drafting today.  AI tools to automate those tasks open 
new opportunities for the business to gain share from traditional law firms. 
We concede that the market is rightfully anxious about the disruptive potential of AI.  However, we 
believe it’s likely the market’s “shoot first and ask questions later” approach has resulted in some 
severely dislocated equities, LZ among them.  Currently, LZ trades for 5x EBITDA and under 7x 
free cash flow.  Last quarter, the business grew subscription revenue low double-digits organically.  
Business formation activity is healthy and the state-level data we review show LZ retaining steady 
share.  Apart from continuing to execute, management is doing the one thing it can to drive 
shareholder value: repurchasing shares.  LZ has over $180MM of cash on the balance sheet, a 
$100MM undrawn revolver and is generating cash at a strong run rate of ~$150MM annually.  
That’s a lot of buying power relative to its $1B market capitalization (with less than $700MM of 
public float).  We continue to own shares and think there is a lot that can go right from here. 
CONFIDENTIAL. FOR THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF Mr. Neel
Rajendra Tanna
6 
 
Observations 
After a strong period of absolute and relative performance in the prior year, we were disappointed 
with our start to 2026.  Our first quarter return of -3.5% net was weak on both an absolute and 
relative basis as the Russell 2000 Index returned 0.9% in the first quarter.   
January was our weakest month of absolute and relative performance with Ararat Funds returning    
-2.4% net relative to the Russell 2000 Index return of 5.4%.  While our short portfolio rose in 
relative lockstep to the Index (Ararat short positions returned -5.8%), our long portfolio significantly 
underperformed, returning -0.3%, resulting in a -6.0% long / short spread.  Our largest long losers 
included CarGurus (CARG), LegalZoom.com, Flywire (FLWY), GoDaddy (GDDY) and Global-e 
Online (GLBE).  We discussed the January underperformance of our long portfolio in detail in our 
prior letter’s Looking Forward section.  All of these long underperformers are names we would 
include in a grouping of stocks that investors fear could be disrupted by advancements in AI.  These 
include internet companies, financial technology companies and consumer companies with 
significant exposure to e-commerce.  We continue to see attractive risk-adjusted returns in these 
stocks and maintain investments in each of them.  
The good news is that the Alpha returned to the portfolio for the remainder of the quarter.  Driven 
by the performance of our short portfolio, we had a positive long / short spread in both February 
(+1.1%) and March (+1.3%), dropping our negative spread for the entire quarter to -3.3%.  The 
contributions from our short portfolio allowed us to protect capital during the late quarter selloff.  
Combining February and March, Ararat Capital funds returned -1.1%, net, compared to the Russell 
2000 Index return of -4.2%.  We protected against ~75% of the Index loss during this two-month 
stretch while averaging 39% net exposure.  
During the last two months of the quarter, our longs only modestly underperformed.  Ararat longs 
returned 0.1% and -5.1% in February and March vs. the Russell 2000 Index return of 0.8% and        
-5.0%, respectively.  We currently find the risk/reward profile of our long portfolio compelling, 
underpinning our record gross long exposure entering May (over 90%), the highest long exposure 
we have held since our Fund’s inception almost 10 years ago. 
Looking Forward 
In April, Ararat Capital funds returned 7.6% gross and 6.8% net.  This compares to the Russell 2000 
Index that rose 12.2%.  We captured over 50% of the Index upside while averaging 42% net market 
exposure during the month.  
CONFIDENTIAL. FOR THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF Mr. Neel
Rajendra Tanna
7 
 
Similar to the prior two months, our long portfolio performed relatively in-line with the Russell 2000 
Index (Ararat longs returned 12.1% vs. the Russell 2000 Index return of 12.2%) and Alpha was 
driven by our short portfolio (Ararat shorts returned -5.7% in April).  We had a positive 640bps long 
/ short spread in the month, boosting our year-to-date long / short spread to 253bps and back into 
positive territory. 
As we have consistently discussed in recent letters, we believe the current market conditions have 
created significant inefficiencies in the pricing of small- and mid-capitalization stocks.  While we did 
have a negative long / short spread in January, it followed a record long / short spread in December 
of over 12% and we have subsequently experienced three straight months of positive spread. 
In Closing 
Last month, we discussed the launch of Mill Pond Capital Partners, LP.  As both Mill Pond and 
Narrow River hold identical investments in consistent proportions and long and short portfolio 
returns are essentially the same, our quarterly letter will be addressed to both investors while 
continuing to refer specifically to Narrow River performance and exposures.  We currently do not 
anticipate providing separate written details for Mill Pond but remain open to the idea of providing 
additional insights into our long-biased strategy for our Mill Pond partners. 
We again would like to thank all of you for your continued confidence in us.  We look forward to 
connecting with many of you in the coming months.  Please do not hesitate to contact us anytime at 
investors@araratcapital.com. 
Sincerely, 
 
  
CONFIDENTIAL. FOR THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF Mr. Neel
Rajendra Tanna
8 
 
FOOTNOTES 
 
1 Represents Ararat's highest fee-paying new issue eligible share class.  The management fee for Class A is 1.75% and the incentive allocation is 20%. 
 
2 This communication shows the performance of a Class A new issue eligible investor in Narrow River Capital Partners, L.P. (the “Fund”), as well as 
certain attribution, return and exposure metrics related to the Fund’s performance.  Attribution and return figures are shown for informational 
purposes only to reflect how the Fund’s performance was achieved during the identified period and are not representative of portfolio-level 
performance. Investors can invest in the Fund and not in a specific aspect of the Fund’s portfolios. 
 
3 The Russell 2000 Index is a market index comprised of 2,000 smaller market capitalization companies.  It represents approximately 10% of the total 
Russell 3000 Index market capitalization and is made up of the bottom two-thirds sized companies of the Russell 3000 Index, which reflects the 
movements of nearly 98% of publicly traded U.S. stocks.  The Fund’s portfolio will differ from indices for many reasons, including that the Fund will 
be more concentrated, may use options and other derivative securities and engage in short sales.  Due to the differences, Ararat Capital cautions 
investors that no index is directly comparable to the performance of the Fund. (Source: Bloomberg) 
 
4 The index is provided as an example of general U.S. larger market capitalization stock performance.  The S&P 500 Index is one of the most widely 
used benchmarks of U.S. equity performance.  The Fund’s portfolio will differ from indices for many reasons, including that the Fund will be more 
concentrated, use options and other derivative securities and engage in short sales.  Due to the differences, Ararat Capital cautions investors that no 
index is directly comparable to the performance of the Fund. (Source: Bloomberg). 
 
5 The index referenced is the ‘Bloomberg Magnificent 7 Total Return Index’ (BM7T).  The Bloomberg Magnificent 7 Total Return Index is an equal-
dollar weighted equity benchmark consisting of a fixed basket of 7 widely-traded companies classified in the United States and representing the 
Communications, Consumer Discretionary and Technology sectors as defined by Bloomberg Industry Classification System (BICS). (Source: 
Bloomberg) 
 
6 The index referenced is the ‘S&P 500 Equal Weighted Index’ (SPW).  The S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (EWI) is the equal-weight version of the 
widely-used S&P 500. The index includes the same constituents as the capitalization weighted S&P 500, but each company in the S&P 500 EWI is 
allocated a fixed weight - or 0.2% of the index total at each quarterly rebalance. (Source: Bloomberg) 
 
7 The index is provided as an example of U.S. technology stock performance.  The NASDAQ Composite Index is a market capitalization-weighted 
index of more than 3,700 stocks listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange.  As a broad index heavily weighted toward the important technology sector, 
the NASDAQ Composite Index has become a staple of financial market reports.  The Fund’s portfolio will differ from indices for many reasons, 
including that the Fund will be more concentrated, use options and other derivative securities and engage in short sales.  Due to the differences, Ararat 
Capital cautions investors that no index is directly comparable to the performance of the Fund. (Source: Bloomberg) 
  
CONFIDENTIAL. FOR THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF Mr. Neel
Rajendra Tanna
9 
 
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES 
 
This letter is provided for informational purposes only and is intended solely for the person to whom it is delivered by Ararat Capital Management, LP 
(together with its affiliates, “Ararat”). This letter is confidential and may not be reproduced in whole or in part, or redistributed to any party in any form, 
without the prior written consent of Ararat. 
  
This letter does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any securities of Narrow River Capital Partners, LP, Narrow 
River Capital Partners, Ltd. or Narrow River Capital Partners Master Fund, L.P. (together, the “Fund”), or any other fund or account managed by Ararat. 
Any such offer or solicitation may be made only by means of the delivery of a confidential offering memorandum, which will contain material information 
not included herein regarding, among other matters, risks and potential conflicts of interest. 
  
This letter should not be used as the sole basis for making a decision to invest in the Fund or any other fund or account managed by Ararat. In making 
an investment decision, you must rely on your own examination of the Fund and the terms of the offering. You should not construe the contents of this 
letter as legal, tax, investment or other advice. 
  
The performance returns are presented pro forma, reflect the returns of a hypothetical Class A investor (applying a management fee of 1.75% and an 
incentive allocation of 20%), and are presented net of actual administrative fees, taxes, and other Fund or account expenses, include the reinvestment of 
dividends, interest, capital gains, and other earnings, and assume that the hypothetical Class A investor does participate in the allocation of “new issues” 
as defined and described in Rule 5130 and Rule 5131 of FINRA. As presented herein, “gross returns” are net of all fees and expenses, but do not reflect 
the accrual or impact of the incentive allocation; “net returns” do reflect the accrual and impact of the incentive allocation. 
  
Past results are not necessarily indicative of future results, and no representation is made that results similar to those presented can be achieved. 
Investments in funds and accounts managed by Ararat may lose value. Investment results will fluctuate. Certain market and economic events having a 
positive impact on performance may not repeat themselves. Performance results may be based on unaudited, preliminary information and are subject to 
change. 
  
The valuations of unrealized investments are determined on a fair value basis in accordance with Ararat’s valuation policies and procedures. There can 
be no assurance that unrealized investments will be realized at the valuations used to calculate the information contained herein, as actual realized returns 
will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposition, any related 
transaction costs, and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may differ from the assumptions on which the valuations used to calculate the 
information contained herein are based. 
  
The investment performance of the Fund summarized herein is historic and reflects an investment for a limited period of time. Actual performance 
results experienced by an investor may vary significantly from the results shown for a number of reasons, including, without limitation, the timing of 
such investor’s investment, status with respect to participation in new issues, the timing of capital subscriptions and/or withdrawals, and different 
fees/allocations from those presented. 
  
The information contained herein does not purport to present a complete picture of the financial position, activities, results, actions and/or plans of the 
Fund, Ararat, or any other fund or account managed by Ararat. In discussing select transactions, trades, investments and other “drivers” of positive or 
negative performance in this letter, Ararat seeks to present a fair and balanced discussion, and when individual transactions, trades, investments or other 
drivers of performance are discussed, Ararat discusses a representative number of “winning” and “losing” transactions, trades, investments or other 
drivers of performance, during part or all of the period for which performance is reported, and seeks to provide a relatively equal amount of detail with 
respect to each transaction, trade, investment or other driver of performance discussed. The transactions, trades, investments or other drivers discussed 
are of relatively equal weight to performance within a particular strategy. 
  
The investment examples set forth in this letter have been included to provide transparency to investors, and have been selected based on objective, 
non-performance-based criteria. The investment examples set forth in this letter do not represent all of the investments selected by Ararat with respect 
to the Fund. The investment examples may be ongoing investments of certain funds and accounts managed by Ararat, and are not intended to be, and 
should not be construed as, investment advice or a recommendation to purchase or sell any particular security. The investment examples discussed in 
this letter ultimately may generate positive returns and other investments made in the Fund, but not discussed in this letter, may generate negative returns. 
It should not be assumed that investments made for the Fund will match the performance or character of the investments discussed in this letter, or that 
the returns of any funds or accounts managed by Ararat will equal the performance of the investments discussed in this letter. Investors may experience 
materially different results. 
  
The information included in this letter is based upon information reasonably available to Ararat as of the date noted herein. Furthermore, the information 
included in this letter has been obtained from sources Ararat believes to be reliable; however, these sources cannot be guaranteed as to their accuracy or 
completeness. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is given as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained 
herein by Ararat, its members, partners, or employees, and no liability is accepted by such persons for the accuracy or completeness of any such 
information. 
  
This letter contains certain “forward-looking statements,” which may be identified by the use of such words as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “should,” 
“planned,” “estimated,” “potential,” “outlook,” “forecast,” “plan” and other similar terms. Examples of forward-looking statements include, without 
limitation, estimates with respect to financial condition, results of operations, and success or lack of success of Ararat’s investment strategy or the 
investment strategy of the portfolio companies discussed herein. All are subject to various factors, including, without limitation, general and local 
economic conditions, changing levels of competition within certain industries and markets, changes in interest rates, changes in legislation or regulation, 
and other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory and technological factors affecting Ararat’s operations, the Fund’s operations, and the 
operations of the portfolio companies discussed herein, any or all of which could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results. 
 
CONFIDENTIAL. FOR THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF Mr. Neel
Rajendra Tanna
