Atla Global Urbanization Listed Fund, LP  
March 2026 Investor Letter 
 
   
 
 
Atla Capital Management LLC | 3 Columbus Circle, 15th Floor, New York, NY 10019 | +1 (332) 203-2580 | info@atlacap.com 
 
Fund Strategy 
Atla Global Urbanization Listed Fund, LP (“GULF”) invests in publicly listed real assets, e.g., real estate and infrastructure, where urbanization trends 
are most pronounced. The Fund targets capital preservation and appreciation by buying the public equity of undervalued companies in emerging 
world cities. The manager pursues a fundamental, research -intensive process to exploit price inefficiencies, focusing on the sectors in which the 
team has developed deep analytical expertise underwriting investments. The Fund targets 15 to 20 long positions that comprise a high-conviction, 
geographically diversified portfolio. 
Monthly Performance – Net of Fees (%) Fund Summary 
  Firm Inception: July 2020 
 Fund Inception: February 2021 
 Fund Assets: $94.5 million 
 Structure: Delaware LP 
 Strategy: Long-only equity 
 Sectoral Focus: Real estate and infrastructure 
 Geographic Focus: Global emerging markets 
 Portfolio Manager: John Haskell 
Benchmark Statistics Terms – Class A 
 Min. investment: $500,000 
 Management fee: 1.5% 
 Performance fee: 15% above hurdle 
 Performance hurdle: 7% annual, no catch up 
 Lock up: No  
 Liquidity: Quarterly 
 Withdrawal notice: 60-days 
 Service Providers 
 Administrator: Apex Fund Services  
  Counsel: Winstead PC 
 Auditor: KPMG 
 Custodian: Citi, European Depositary Bank 
 
 
Benchmark Performance – Net of Fees   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Performance is estimated net of fees for a model Class A investor including management fee and performance allocation. Performance from years 
2021 through 2024 is audited, whereas 2025 and 2026 performance is unaudited. Performance is subject to revision. Performance for March 2021 
includes part-month February 2021 from Fund inception Feb 19, 2021, through Mar 31, 2021. See disclosures for important further information.  
 
Statistics based on monthly net data since Fund inception on 02/19/2021. (1) Dollar-measured, net index. (2) Annualized. (3) Risk Free Rate = 0.0%. 
Performance is estimated net of fees for a model Class A investor including management fee and performance allocation. Performance from years 
2021 through 2024 is audited, whereas 2025 and 2026 performance is unaudited. Data is subject to revision. See disclosures for important further 
information. 
 
Additional information regarding the Fund including fees, expenses, and risks of investment 
is contained in the offering memorandum for the Fund and related documents and should be 
carefully reviewed. 
Growth of $1,000 since Fund inception on 02/19/2021. (1) Dollar-measured, net index. Performance is estimated net of fees for a model Class A investor including management fee and performance allocation. Performance from years 2021 through 
2024 is audited, whereas 2025 and 2026 performance is unaudited. Data is subject to revision. See disclosures for important further information. 
1,631
1,106
568
$400
$600
$800
$1,000
$1,200
$1,400
$1,600
$1,800
2022 2023 2024 2025 2026
Growth of $1,000
1 Mo YTD 3 Yr ITD
Atla
Global Urbanization
Listed Fund, LP
-8.9% -3.1% 8.4% 10.0%
MSCI
Emerging
Markets¹
-13.1% -0.2% 14.8% 2.0%
MSCI
Emerging Markets
Real Estate¹
-18.1% -10.5% -2.7% -10.5%
Annualized
 
 
Atla Global Urbanization Listed Fund, LP  
March 2026 Investor Letter 
 
   
 
 
Atla Capital Management LLC | 3 Columbus Circle, 15th Floor, New York, NY 10019 | +1 (332) 203-2580 | info@atlacap.com 
 
Exposure and Monthly Performance Attribution 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Geographic Distribution of Assets Portfolio Fundamentals  
   
 
 
 
 
 
Atla’s Core Investment Approach 
  
 
 
 
 
Commentary 
The Atla Global Urbanization Listed Fund, LP (“GULF”)  decreased by 8.9% in March 2026 net of fees for a model Class A investor, as conflict in the 
Middle East brings yet another exogenous shock that GULF will surely navigate. Since inception in February 2021 through month-end of March 2026, 
GULF has increased by a cumulative, net 63.1%, as compared to a cumulative return of 10.6% for the MSCI Emerging Market Index and -43.2% for the 
MSCI Emerging Markets Real Estate Index. While price volatility can be difficult to stomach, it also creates the conditions of market dislocation for 
fundamentals-based, long-term investors to find valuable investments at fire sale prices. This letter focuses on three new investments in the 
portfolio: one based in the United Arab Emirates and two in India. 
Cities can be challenged by sudden shocks, but they are resilient, too, thanks to the benefits of agglomeration and the path dependency of complex 
systems. Urbanization profoundly rewires social and economic structures. When you think of Dubai, social media influencers or hedge fund traders 
might come to mind, but the making of that city has taken the collective and sustained participation of millions of migrants across generations, 
geographies and socioeconomic classes. A destabilizing war will not unmake Dubai, even if it hastens a cyclical real estate downturn.  
Weighted arithmetic mean calculated for market cap and dividend yield; harmonic mean calculated for price-to-book.  
Monthly performance attribution is estimated gross of Fund expenses and other fees that have a material impact on net performance. Fund performance data are estimated, unaudited in recent periods, and subject to revision. See disclosures for 
important further information. 
Atla Capital Management analysis of geographic location of significant assets of portfolio investment holdings. 
Cultivate a Research Edge 
Atla’s focused, specialized approach allows 
the research team to invest across emerging 
markets with fundamental, bottom-up 
conviction, finding value that others miss. 
Position at the Vanguard of Capital Markets 
Publicly listed real estate and infrastructure 
are a nascent, fast-growing and under-
analyzed segment of capital markets in 
emerging economies, offering a rich pool of 
price inefficiencies. 
Orient to the Long-Term 
Urbanization transforms emerging 
economies. The growth of cities drives the 
appreciation of real estate and infrastructure, 
a secular tailwind benefiting disciplined, 
patient capital. 
Exposure Attribution Exposure Attribution
Southeast Asia 38.9% -190 bps Residential 39.2% -579 bps
Latin America 29.2% -435 bps Infrastructure 30.7% -174 bps
Mideast & North Africa 16.4% -8 bps Retail 23.3% -169 bps
South Asia 10.2% -291 bps Industrial 5.8% -36 bps
East Asia 4.4% -27 bps Hospitality 0.0%
Sub-Saharan Africa 0.0% -7 bps Office 0.0%
Emerging Europe 0.0% Other 0.0%
Total 99.0% -958 bps Total 99.0% -958 bps
Asset TypeRegion
Market Cap
4.0b 3.9b
8.5b
Atla Global Urbanization Listed Fund, LP
MSCI Emerging Markets Real Estate Index
MSCI Emerging Markets Index
0.9x 1.0x
2.2x
Price-to-Book
2.3%
4.4%
2.3%
Trailing Div. Yield
 
 
Atla Global Urbanization Listed Fund, LP  
March 2026 Investor Letter 
 
   
 
 
Atla Capital Management LLC | 3 Columbus Circle, 15th Floor, New York, NY 10019 | +1 (332) 203-2580 | info@atlacap.com 
 
Commentary (continued) 
Emaar Properties is the largest listed real estate developer in t he United Arab Emirates, trading on the Dubai Financial Marke t. The company 
combines a residential development franchise with an investment portfolio of iconic commercial real estate generating recurring income. Perhaps 
more so than other GULF holdings like SM Prime in the Philippines or Pakuwon Jati in Indonesia, Emaar’s advantage lies in its deep integration 
between the development and investment sides. On valuable plots of strategically located land it builds master-planned residential communities 
and layers in recurring-revenue assets that expand catchment, strengthen pricing power, and help fund future phases of growth. Examples of these 
master-planned communities include Downtown Dubai, built around Burj Khalifa, Dubai Mall, and the Dubai Fountain; Dubai Hills Estate and its 
two-million square foot mall; and Dubai Creek Harbour, a waterfront node in the city’s urban core. Emaar’s development pipeline is robust, 
underpinned by a $42.1 billion revenue backlog, 618 million square feet of land bank, and a $14.3 billion net cash position.  
The Dubai 2040 Urban Master Plan  envisages denser, more connected urban centers rather than dispersed expansion . This planning policy 
reinforces the long -term value of well -located residential and commercial assets within a finite geography.  Emaar sits at the center of that 
ecosystem. Its recurring portfolio spans 19 million square feet and generates over two billion dollars of recurring income, anchored by Dubai Mall, 
a six million square foot asset attracting over 100 million annual visitors and generating tenant sales of $27 billion. In normal times it is one of the 
most visited and highest grossing retail assets globally.  
All of this sits against a group enterprise value of just $27.8 billion, a clear disconnect from intrinsic value. Emaar’s recurring income alone accounts 
for 31.7% of EBITDA. Applying an 8.0% cap rate, the commercial real estate portfolio accounts for the Emaar’s entire enterprise value, assigning no 
further value to the larger development franchise, its land bank, or its international operations in India and Egypt. On conservative assumptions 
we underwrite a net asset value of AED 24.90 per share versus our cost basis of AED 12.16, and the stock yields us 8% as we wait for the valuation 
gap to close.   
GULF bought shares of Mumbai-based homebuilder Lodha Group after a steep 59.4% dollar-measured decline in share price within a year. In our 
November 2025 commentary, we outlined our view on the Indian residential landscape as follows: 
India’s urban housing is in the throes of a sustained boom, fueled by rapid urbanization, rising household wealth, and 
deeper financial penetration. A country notable for its still low level of urbanization (just 36.3% of the population lives i n 
cities, well below levels seen across Latin America, China, and Sub -Saharan Africa), India’s cities are now growing rapidly 
with a wave of inbound rural migrants that has only intensified since multiple  agrarian crises following the COVID -19 
pandemic. Researchers es timate that 600 million Indians are now internal migrants, an enormous number of humans 
uprooted, driven by shifts in the labor market and societal factors in a digitally and physically interconnected world. For 
those in the growing middle class, formal ho using affordability has improved over the past decade as income growth has 
outpaced home price inflation, while mortgage penetration (just 11%) remains low relative to regional peers, leaving room 
for continued expansion. 
These factors all support robust demand for housing, and yet this demand had been met with relatively constrained supply 
growth. A regulatory-driven shakeout following a decade of reforms including the Real Estate Regulation and Development 
Act (RERA), demonetization, the introduction of the Goods and Services Tax Act, and the non-bank financial institution (NBFC) 
liquidity crisis of 2018 all contributed to weak and informal builders going bust, materially reducing the number of active 
developers and shifti ng incremental residential real estate development toward larger, better -capitalized players. 
Constraints on land use, thorny questions of title, and slow permitting also slow incremental supply. 
Lodha Group is well positioned to capture this structural shift, with its scale, balance sheet strength, and deep brand presence in Mumbai and 
Pune. It generates over $750 million of operating cash flow, growing at ~20% annually while sustaining ~20% returns on equity. Development growth 
is underpinned by valuable land-bank focused on Mumbai’s eastern expansion. This includes Palava, a 600 million square foot master-planned 
extension of Mumbai with an estimated gross development value of ~$175 billion. The company is incrementally layering in higher-value, recurring-
income assets, including data centers, retail, commercial, and logistics, with management targeting ~ $483 million of rental income over the next 
decade, an 18x increase from current levels , funded entirely through recurring cash flows and land monetization. At an enterprise value of ~$10 
billion, the market is effectively valuing near-term development projects, assigning limited value to the multi-decade pipeline of one of the larger 
and more trusted builders or to its growing portfolio of commercial real estate embedded within development projects. 
The same underlying factors that support residential demand are also rapidly formalizing India’s hospitality sector, where increased economic 
activity, corporate travel, and domestic tourism are driving occupancy and room rate growth across key gateway cities. GULF bought shares of 
Indian hospitality company SAMHI Hotels, owner and operator of 31 hotels with 4,904 keys across high-density corporate districts in Bengaluru, 
Hyderabad, Pune, Chennai, and greater Delhi, known as the National Capital Region or NCR. SAMHI partners with global brands Marriott, Hyatt and 
IHG and positions its assets at the mid and upper segments, partnering with Singapore’s GIC for growth capital. Its business model is to acquire 
distressed hotel assets, typically below replacement cost, and repositioning them through limited capital expenditure, brand partnership, 
operational improvements, and scale efficiencies, driving both operating leverage and asset-level value creation. The strategy requires a high 
degree of discipline and capital allocation rigor, which SAMHI’s tenured management team, led by Ashish Jakhanwala, has demonstrated 
consistently over time. 
 
 
Atla Global Urbanization Listed Fund, LP  
March 2026 Investor Letter 
 
   
 
 
Atla Capital Management LLC | 3 Columbus Circle, 15th Floor, New York, NY 10019 | +1 (332) 203-2580 | info@atlacap.com 
 
Commentary (continued) 
The outlook for Indian hospitality is strong, despite energy price volatility and aviation disruptions. Hotel supply remains constrained, with 
inventory growing at a low single digit rate. Demand is shifting toward larger brands known for standardized, premium offerings, similar to the 
maturation of the hotel industry in more developed markets. The sector continues to formalize, with institutional owners and branded operators 
gaining share from a historically fragmented base of non-chain hotels. SAMHI captures a disproportionate share of industry growth at the 
forefront of this formalization. 
These tailwinds are reflected in the company’s operating performance. Since its IPO in late 2023, SAMHI has compounded revenue at 29% and 
EBITDA at 36% annually, while reducing leverage from 8.7x to 3.0x EBITDA. Despite growth and deleveraging, the share price has remained largely 
flat, weighed down by a series of transitory factors, including COVID-related disruptions, post-IPO expiry of institutional lock-ins, airline-related 
disruptions, adverse goods and services tax (GST) changes, and more recently, geopolitical uncertainty. SAMHI now trades at approximately $144 
thousand per key, at or slightly below our estimate of replacement cost, well below private market transactions, including SAMHI’s own recent 
deal with GIC at $310 thousand per key.  
*** 
Detractors from GULF returns during the month of March 2026 included Indian residential developer Sunteck Realty (-34.7% dollar-measured 
return in the month), Brazilian homebuilder MRV Engenharia (-24.5%), and Philippine real estate company SM Prime Holdings (-9.7%). Only a few 
positions contributed, including Vietnamese developer Nam Long Investment (+3.0%) and Colombian energy pipeline and port facilities company 
Frontera Energy (+15.7%).  
  
As always, thank you for your partnership, and do not hesitate to reach out if you would like to discuss the portfolio in further detail. 
 
 
Disclaimers 
This information is provided, on a confidential basis, for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or so licitation to buy or sell an interest in Atla Global Urbanization Listed Real Estate 
Fund, LP (the "Fund") or any other security.   It is intended solely for the named recipient, who, by accepting it, agrees to keep this information confidential.   An investment in the Fund is speculative and 
involves substantial risks.  Additional information regarding the Fund including fees, expenses , and risks of investment is contained in the offering memorandum for the Fund and related documents and 
should be carefully reviewed.   An offer or solicitation of an investment in the Fund will only be made to accredited investors pursuant to a private pla cement memorandum and associated 
documents.  Interests in the Fund can only be purchased by investors meeting all the requirements of the Fund.   There can be no guarantee that the Fund will achieve their investment objectives.   The 
information contained in this material does not purport to be complete, is only current as of the date indicated, and may be superseded by subsequent market events or for other reasons. 
The Fund is not registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, in reliance on an exception thereunder.  Interests in the Fund have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended, or the securities laws of any state and will only be offered and sold in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of said Act and such laws.  These securities shall not be offered 
or sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful until the requirements of the laws of such jurisdiction have been satisfied.  Investors in the Fund have a limited right to 
redeem or transfer interests in the Fund.  In addition, interests will not be listed on an exchange and it is not expected that there will be a secondary market for interests. 
Portfolio exposures are presented as of the date indicated and are subject to change.   There is no guarantee that exposures will be similar in the future and may differ materially from those presented 
herein. The performance of individual investors in the Fund may vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of capital contributions or withdrawals, new issues eligibility and other factors 
and could result in lower investment performance than that of the account presented above. The performa nce data reflected in this letter includes the retention of dividends and other earnings, and the 
net figures reflect the deduction of fees and incentive allocations. Results may not have been audited yet and should not be relied upon as such. Data for recent periods may be adjusted. 
Certain information contained in this material constitutes “forward-looking statements,” which can be identified by the use of forward looking terminology such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “anticipate,” 
“objective,” “strategy,” “plan,” “project,” “estimate,” “target,” “intend,” “continue” or “believe” or the negatives of those terms or other variations of them or by com parable terminology.  Due to various risks 
and uncertainties, actual events or results or the actual performance of the Fund may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. 
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.  
©2021 Atla Capital Management LLC.  All rights reserved.  This material may not be reproduced, displayed, modified or distributed without the express prior written permission of the copyright holder.
