Benedict Value Fund L.P. 
 
April 16, 2026 
 
Dear Partners, 
 
The world has changed in three strange months, but BVF’s strategy has not.  I continue to invest your capital 
with eyes glued to the horizon.  Our portfolio is full of good, financially sound companies, led by capable people, 
bought at attractive prices.  In January, I told you that prudently sticking to these basics is the best antidote I 
can offer, amidst elevated uncertainty and a pricey stock market.  We now see uncertainty spiking further.  My 
tactics remain the same: build robustness into the fund, and stay diversified for a variety of potential outcomes. 
 
The two big risks I see today: 
 
1.  Speculation regarding artificial intelligence (AI), with corporate capital expenditure, economic growth, and 
stock market sentiment increasingly tied to this theme. 
 
2.  Geopolitics – most notably war with Iran.   
 
As always,  I cannot promise protection when stocks fall.  That said, our portfolio looks well-positioned to 
withstand pain if these risks bite the market. 
 
Performance update 
 
Benedict Value Fund (“BVF” or the “Fund”) inched up 0.5% in the first quarter.  For comparison, the Russell 
2000 Index returned 0.9%, the S&P SmallCap 600 Index gained 3.5%, and the average small cap value mutual 
fund rose 3.7%.  Measured since inception in January 2018, $100 invested in BVF would be worth $ 371 as of 
March 31, 2026, whereas $100 invested in the Russell 2000 would be worth $182, $100 invested in the S&P 
600 would be worth $184, and $100 invested in the average small cap value mutual fund would be worth $177.  
Compound annual return since inception sits at 17.2%, versus 7.5% for the Russell 2000, 7.7% for the S&P 600, 
and 7.2% for the average small cap value mutual fund.  (Performance numbers discussed in this letter are net 
of all fees, expenses, and carried interest.  Your individual return will vary based on investment date and 
tranche.  See Appendix A and your account statement for details). 
 
After sizeable outperformance starting around mid-2025, small caps’ trailing 1-year return now exceeds large 
cap, an infrequent occurrence over the past ten years.  Our flattish Q1 result landed in between small cap and 
large cap benchmarks.  BVF protected capital in a difficult quarter for the big indices, and even rose a bit, but 
not enough to keep pace with the small cap average.  Our strategy sometimes lags the Russell 2000 in upcycles 
and outperforms when stocks fall.  This pattern held in the first few months of 2026. 
 
Investment strategy 
 
Rather than jump on the bandwagon – like the many investors chasing those big AI capex spenders – here at 
BVF we remember that paying fancy prices can backfire badly, and past technology leaps created boom-bust 
cycles.  To my eye, it is hard to call whether the trillions being spent on AI will yield a reasonable return on 
investment.  Our contrarian posture hasn’t been rewarded lately , but things can change quickly .  While BVF 
often invests in capital-light companies allocating cash flow to gobble up cheap stock via share repurchases, 
over the past year the market has rewarded the big spenders instead. 
2 
 
 
Source: Strategas 
 
AI could be an incredible leap forward, driving progress and advancing civilization, disrupting some businesses 
while buttressing others.  It could be this, and it could also be a stock market bubble.  These are not mutually 
exclusive.  The internet was both.  Will AI deliver pain for its investors, before it delivers progress for humanity?  
Nobody knows.   
 
Similarly, nobody can predict the outcome of war with Iran.  Last week’s fragile ceasefire already looks to be 
disintegrating, as weekend peace talks failed and the president has “blockaded the blockade.”  Will safe 
passage through the Strait of Hormuz be restored?  What happens next, and what will that mean for inflation, 
interest rates, economies, and markets?   Strategas, an investment strategist, notes that historical spikes in 
political uncertainty are frequently buying opportunities, with initial downside giving way to superior forward 
returns over the ensuing year:   
 
 
 

3 
 
Base rate data  is helpful context, but I’m uncomfortable extrapolating it .  Assuming the current geopolitical 
episode will end pleasantly for stocks seems complacent to me.  After all, U.S. wars in Iraq in 1990-1991 and 
2003, which are part of the data on returns following spikes in policy uncertainty, may be insufficient analogues 
for current affairs.  On March 20, the International Energy Agency called this the largest supply disruption in 
the history of the global oil market.  A more appropriate analogue might be the 1973-1974 Arab oil embargo, 
which drove inflation, recession, and a 40% cumulative two -year decline in the Dow.   So, we have  a mixed 
message: some data suggests above-average upside following disruptive events, but other historical parallels 
argue for big downside ahead .  Plus, the person who instigated this war looks to be shooting from the hip … 
how are we to know what comes next? 
 
Let’s not predict the unpredictable.  Instead, BVF’s tactic is to limit fragility and prepare for a range of scenarios: 
 
1.  Emphasize good balance sheets.  We want businesses with the capacity to survive and even play offense if 
the going gets tough.   
 
2.  Maintain reasonable exposure to companies that could protect us from inflation, should it reaccelerate.   
 
3.  Avoid what’s hot , buy what’s not.  Own  some out-of-favor companies thought to be at  risk from AI, but  
which look undervalued because key observations contradict that bear-case narrative. 
 
4.  Focus on areas with low cyclicality or idiosyncratic catalysts that decouple performance from broader 
economic trends.  Grocery, healthcare, and recurring commercial services are examples.     
 
Portfolio update 
 
The first quarter offered chances to harvest gains in winners that moved from undervalued into the zone of 
reasonableness.  Some of these were deep value companies bought in recent years, whose valuations 
expanded during the risk-on environment that drove the market’s run between April 2025 and February 2026.  
Examples include Seaboard (SEB), Oil States International (OIS), Bread Financial Holdings (BFH), and Ecovyst 
(ECVT).  We also trimmed Brookdale Senior Living (BKD), after the stock tripled off its lows last year and the 
investment became oversized.   
 
We reallocated proceeds into new investments whose shares have deeply underperformed and look freshly 
undervalued.  On balance, our purchases also upgrade the fund’s aggregate balance sheet safety, long -term 
growth  potential, share repurchase rate, and quality (return on invested capital).    
 
Maplebear (CART) is a good example.  CART is the parent company of Instacart, the leading pure-play grocery 
delivery platform.  The stock is cheap, priced at just 10x free cash flow, because investors worry about growing 
competition and AI disruption risk for software platforms.  My inspection points to an entrenched market 
leader, tightly integrated with its customers, operatin g at the intersection of the physical and digital world, 
with important advantages around scale, process know-how, and technology… elements that combine to make 
it very hard to disrupt.  CART fits the classic BVF mold, with high quality (70%+ gross margins , 30% EBITDA 
margins, and a 20%+ return on equity), low valuation, a long runway for growth (grocery e -commerce is only 
13% penetrated), a perfect balance sheet (with about $900 million in cash and no debt), excellent management 
and corporate governance (I was friends with the CFO in college, so I have some differentiated insight here), 
selling consumer staples (a relatively defensive industry), and offering strategic value as a n industry le ader 
(with 70% market share in large baskets).  Before evaluating all this, what initially grabbed my attention was 
the company plowing its prodigious cash flow into share repurchase , buying back $1.1 billion of stock in the 
fourth quarter alone.  This 40% annualized rate is among the most aggressive opportunistic buybacks I’ve seen 
in some time, signaling conviction in the company’s position and the stock’s present undervaluation.   
4 
 
 
Two additional observations leave me comfortable betting against the crowd here.  First, companies suffering 
competitively usually see key performance indicators worsening, but CART’s KPIs are improving.  Last quarter, 
CART accelerated to its fastest rate of gross transaction value (GTV) expansion in three years, rising 14% (up 
from prior growth rates around 10%).  Second, the company’s corporate strategy was set by former CEO Fidji 
Simo (who previously ran the Facebook app business and built Meta’s ads and marketplace offerings).  Current 
CEO Chris Rogers collaborated closely with her to build that strategy.  Fidji left CART last year, to lead 
application development for OpenAI, the hottest startup in a generation.  While the market frets about AI 
disruption, I see it deepening CART’s moat.  AI requires data to power it, and CART has the best data in online 
grocery.  Plus, CART has a board stacked with leaders in venture capital, and a corporate strategy set by one of 
the brightest minds in AI.  It stands to reason they will win the AI deployment game. 
 
Five9 (FIVN) is another recent purchase.  FIVN is a pioneer in Contact Center as a Service (CCaaS).  It builds the 
cloud-based operating systems that enterprises require to power their customer service.  Legacy approaches, 
from which FIVN has gained share, often include bespoke on-premise software and complex hardware, which 
are expensive and difficult to upgrade.  Over the past two decades, as customers have migrated to the cloud, 
FIVN has enjoyed big tailwinds.  Revenue has multiplied ten-fold since 2014.  Earnings went from big losses in 
the early years, turning the corner to nice profitability lately.  Despite improving earnings, the stock has gone 
the other direction, because FIVN is a two -fer: a software company in the customer experience vertical.  Th e 
dominant market narrative is that AI will eat the world, and especially customer service.  This narrative has 
imploded FIVN’s valuation.  We bought after the stock lost 90% of its value versus prior peaks.  Zoom 
Communications (ZM) trie d to buy FIVN for about $15 billion  in an all -stock deal in 2021 , but shareholders 
rejected it.  The business is now on offer at a market cap of just $1.2 billion.  Its multiple has fallen all the way 
from 24x sales a few years back, down to just 6x free cash flow today. 
 
Here again, we are betting against prevailing concerns for a few reasons.  First, only 40% of corporate contact 
centers have migrated to the cloud.  FIVN still has a big opportunity for growth capturing the remaining 60% 
of its addressable market.  Second, and related: customers looking to use AI to replace humans, and save cost, 
will have a tough time doing so without a cloud -based orchestration layer like FIVN offers.  Consumers have 
low patience for customer service bots that don’t perform; escalation pathways to human service will remain 
a critical option that FIVN can offer seamlessly.  Business process know -how, which FIVN has but new point 
solution startups lack, will be important to implementing AI in a way that avoids brand damage for clients.  
Third, FIVN isn’t standing still.  It has already built its own AI solutions, scaling to a $100 million revenue run 
rate (about 10% of FIVN’s total).  Its AI services are booming about 50% year-over-year, generating real 
revenue, and driving about half of the company’s consolidated growth.  2026 guidance calls for 9% revenue 
growth, an acceleration from 8% in the past two quarters.  Longtime CEO Mike Burk land, who successfully 
grew the company by two orders of magnitude , has retired for health reasons.  His carefully picked external 
successor, Amit Mathradas, looks like a capable leader to guide FIVN through its next phase of growth and 
change.  We feel positive about the company’s management and culture, its balance sheet has minimal net 
debt, and FIVN began executing its inaugural share repurchase last quarter (though at a slower rate than CART). 
 
For both CART and FIVN, I see a directional mismatch between investor sentiment (depressed) and company 
fundamentals (growth accelerating).  We can’t control when the qualitative narrative changes, but I take 
comfort in the fact we’ve got the numbers on our side.   
 
We also took advantage of big dips in existing investments, buying more KBR (KBR), Lyft (LYFT), Criteo (CRTO), 
and Tandem Diabetes Care (TNDM). 
 
As you can see, we’re following a time-tested BVF mantra, asking  “where’s the fear?”  and then placing 
targeted, logical bets against that fear.  Doing so requires partner and portfolio manager alignment: we need 
5 
 
to be comfortable with the fact that concentrated, contrarian investing doesn’t produce smooth results.  
Sometimes we’ll take our lumps, other times we’ll enjoy lumpy paydays.  Scared investors can become more 
scared, and when that happens, undervalued stocks become more undervalued.  I can’t perfectly time the 
bottom in the out-of-favor areas where we tread.  For example, it was a natural conclusion to look for housing-
related investments amidst panicked sentiment in 2009; however, U.S. home prices didn’t bottom until three 
years later, in 2012.  Part of the reason BVF has lagged small cap indices in recent quarters is that we’ve slowly 
begun to lean against  AI sentiment wind s, buying select customer experience and software platform 
companies that the market has left for dead, but where deeper inspection reveals resilience.  And, like housing 
in 2010 and 2011, they’ve gone from cheap, to cheaper.  Among recent catalysts  was a February report, 
imagining a hypothetical scare scenario featuring AI -driven mass displacement of white -collar workers 
accompanied by severe economic downturn.  New technologies often deliver surprises, with impacts landing 
far from early prognostications.  I’m trying to stay humble and objective in my analysis of what the AI wave 
means, acknowledging that I don’t have all the answers, and working to keep my personal biases in check.  In 
parallel, we should also remember that when narratives dominate, prices overshoot, and  even experts can’t 
foretell the future. 
 
With m ost of  this letter’s strategy and portfolio updates focused on geopolitics and AI, I should also  
communicate that much of the BVF portfolio carries a low correlation to developments on these two fronts.  
For example, our senior housing companies, financial sector holdings, industrials, and medical equipment 
investments don’t have much to do with AI. 
 
Concluding thoughts 
 
While many scramble to predict the outcome of war with Iran, I think it’s a risky proposition to materially alter 
portfolios based on such a fluid situation.  Doing so risks getting whipsawed.  I saw this first-hand in 2008 as a 
young analyst watching some portfolio managers chase energy services stocks as the oil price rocketed toward 
$150, only to see the whipsaw materialize with a vengeance: within months, recession hit and oil cratered.  In 
contrast to that sort of momentum-chasing, at BVF we’re playing the long game. 
 
Undervaluation moves in waves, with a period often measured in years and a magnitude that frequently 
surprises.  The default setting for most managers is to characterize opportunity by sector ( e.g., tech in 2003-
2005, housing in 2009 -2012, energy in 2020).  That’s not the only lens.  Abstracting and zooming out: 
undervaluation waves move across factors too.  In 2000 small caps and boring “old economy” stocks were the 
best buys (think: internet’s opposite), often reflected in their low price/book multiples.  Fast forward 10 years, 
and the opportunity had changed drastically : large cap growth companies with high returns on capital were 
the thing to buy.  Another decade on, in 2020, undervaluation had boomeranged all the way back into deep 
value companies hit hard by COVID.  Just a little later, late 2022 and early 2023 offered buying opportunities 
in fast-growth companies whose valuations had cratered.  In early to mid -2025, Trump’s tariff war created 
supply chain disruption risk for importers and consumer -facing companies, driving recession fear.  Fragile, 
indebted, low -quality microcaps (“risk -on” features) were sold and became cheap.  As tariff threats got 
softened and challenged in court, and the economy proved its resilience and bucked recession fears yet again, 
those risky stocks beat the rest on the way back up through early 2026 (until war broke out). 
 
BVF’s persistent search for undervaluation has come full circle,  in a way.  Happily, today  I see the best 
opportunities nicely aligned with our bread and butter: high -quality small companies with competitive 
advantages, a decent growth runway, often inhabiting resilient or defensive industries, trading at low prices in 
relation to earnings, gushing cash flow, and buying back stock hand over fist. 
 
My attraction to these situations stems from their “stacked pay” feature – the potential for several variables 
to drive returns simultaneously.  I’m finding lots of companies offering a recipe that goes something like this: 
6 
 
(a) Mid-teens annual growth prospects suggest roughly 50% cumulative earnings upside over several years, 
plus (b) A  valuation multiple that’s 35 -40% below normal , and thus could expand 50 -70% in a return to 
historical levels , plus (c) A  share repurchase program running at a 5 -10% annualized rate net of issuance, 
offering the potential to reduce share count by 20-30% over our holding period. 
 
I’ve written “plus” above, but these ingredients actually combine multiplicatively:  
 
1.5 earnings X 1.6 multiple expansion X 1.25 repurchase tailwind = 200% hypothetical return.   
 
Three-year triples are wonderful finds.  BVF’s return recipes will not all exit the oven perfectly baked according 
to plan, but I’m optimistic that gains on our winners should outweigh losses on those that go awry. 
 
***** 
 
This quarter, I write to you from my mother’s farm outside Silverton, OR.  Spring has sprung.  Grasses are lush, 
the woods pipe with birdsong, and the sunsets are stunning.  Fields are being prepped and planted.  Before 
long, leafy greens will be sold at market and farm-grown flowers will beautify tables at my brother’s restaurant.   
 
In a chaotic time, politically and for markets, my retreat to the farm provides a few welcome reminders.  Cycles 
are everywhere.  There are times to plant, times to prune, and times to harvest, both in the Willamette Valley 
and here at BVF.  Some crops come bountiful, others lean.  Attentive, patient, simple – these words 
characterize our style.  Community and kindness matter.  When volatile, violent leaders go off the deep end , 
we can choose to hold loved ones close and extend a hand to our neighbor. 
 
I am grateful for your continued support and look forward to updating you next quarter. 
 
Sincerely, 
 
 
 
Damon Benedict 
Portfolio Manager 
Benedict Value Fund, L.P. 
damon@d3familyfund.com 
(360) 604-8600 
 
 
 

7 
 
Appendix A: Performance History 
 
 
 
  
Performance Summary
Q1 2026 YTD 1 Year 3 Year 5 Year Since Inception
BVF Tranche A 0.5% 0.5% 18.2% 17.2% 11.7% 17.2%
BVF Tranche B 0.2% 0.2% 18.9% 19.5% 13.8% 19.7%
Russell 2000 0.9% 0.9% 25.7% 13.0% 3.8% 7.5%
Small Cap Value Funds 3.7% 3.7% 19.6% 11.5% 6.5% 7.2%
Annualized Returns  
PERFORMANCE DATA FOR THE BENEDICT VALUE FUND REPRESENTS THE PERFORMANCE OF A TYPICAL INVESTOR (INVESTED SINCE INCEPTION, WITH 
NO CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS OR WITHDRAWALS), NET OF ALL FEES AND EXPENSES INCLUDING FEES FOR TRANCHE A INTERESTS, AS MORE FULLY 
DESCRIBED IN THE PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM. INDIVIDUAL RETURNS OF LIMITED PARTNERS WILL VARY BASED UPON INVESTMENT DATE, 
TIMING OF ADDITIONAL CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS OR WITHDRAWALS, AND FEE STRUCTURE. SMALL DIFFERENCES MAY EXIST DUE TO ROUNDING.
 Current Period 
8 
 
Appendix B: Portfolio Holdings  
 
Current investments are listed here with summary theses reflecting my thinking at the time of purchase (these 
are not all updated for subsequent events).  I am always eager for helpful data points, so if you know a thing 
or two about any of these companies, please let me know.  Compliance disclosure: this list does not include all 
investments made for the fund, nor should an investor presume that each would or will be profitable. 
 
KBR, Inc. (KBR):  Government services including base operations, supply chain logistics, pilot training, NASA, 
and intelligence agency support. Capable CEO has transformed the business from legacy focus on low margin 
construction toward higher margin services under long -term contracts, supported by proprietary know-how. 
Mid-teens ROE + double-digit compound earnings growth + low valuation = big upside if things go well. 
 
Energy Basket :  Companies produce primarily natural gas (secondarily NGLs and oil).  Basket is weighted 
toward companies profitable at much lower commodity prices, with solid balance sheets, trading near all-time 
low valuations, and carrying the potential to multiply in value.  Basket provides diversification benefit.  
 
Concentrix Corp. (CNXC):  Designs, builds, and manages the customer experience for leading global companies.  
History of growth above GDP (acquisitions plus organic share gain).  10%+ pretax return on assets is above 
average, with qualitative support: CNXC is among the top two in  its industry, with competitive advantages in 
scale, technology, regulatory, data security, and vertical-specific domain expertise.  7x P/E is near all-time low. 
 
Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc. (HLX) :  Offshore well intervention, plugging & abandonment, wind power 
site prep.  Listed apart from energy basket because the thesis is distinct: trades at a discount to replacement 
value of assets, benefits from energy transition as nearly half its business is plugging old oil wells + supporting 
wind power.  Good balance sheet, medium-term catalyst in offshore activity driving vessel rates and FCF. 
 
Senior Housing (BKD and DHC):  Industry recovery is in its early innings after a brutal half -decade downturn.  
Price and occupancy growth is finally offsetting labor inflation, driving margin and earnings expansion.  Physical 
real estate can still be purchased far below replacement cost , and equity valuations are low compared to 
normalized earnings and historical levels.   
 
ADTRAN Holdings (ADTN):  Fiber optic equipment  for broadband access,  mobile backhaul, data center 
interconnect.  Three tailwinds in government stimulus/at-risk vendor displacement/AI infrastructure, plus cost 
cuts and real estate sales, imply big earnings ramp ahead.  Bought during a deep cyclical industry downturn, 
after stock fell 75% from 3-year highs, paid a low-single-digit multiple of my normalized earnings estimate.   
 
Oshkosh Corp. (OSK) :  Makes heavy vehicles and equipment for construction, agriculture, refuse collection, 
firefighting, airport logistics, postal delivery, and other end markets.  Well-regarded industry leader with #1 or 
#2 market share for most brands, double-digit returns on capital, history of share repurchase, an undemanding 
valuation at an 8-9x P/E, several catalysts for growth and margin improvement, bought after a sizeable dip. 
 
Criteo SA (CRTO):  Advertising technology company focused on Retargeting, Commerce Audiences, and Retail 
Media.  First-mover advantage in the fastest growing advertising channel (retail media), supported by scaled 
data and tech talent.  20%+ ROIC, pristine balance sheet, large share buyback, paid 5x EBITDA and 10x FCF. 
 
Farm Team:  Partial positions which look undervalued and could become full-sized positions at some point.  
  
High reward/risk basket:  A group with unusually large upside potential but greater company-specific risk than 
I like to accept for full positions.  Basket approach creates an attractive aggregate reward/risk proposition. 
 
9 
 
Green Dot Corp. (GDOT):  Financial services and payments technology for consumers and businesses.  Sum-of-
the-parts thesis where GDOT’s handful of segments appear to be worth far more than its market capitalization.  
Strategic alternatives + Citi hired = catalyst for value realization.  Paid 0.4x book value and 2.5x EBITDA. 
 
DXC Technology (DXC):  Outsourced IT services for large corporate customers.  Extremely out of favor due to 
years of revenue decline.  New CEO bringing fresh talent and energy, and making tangible progress returning 
DXC to growth, with a TTM book:bill ratio already back above 1x .  Insurance software business could be a 
hidden gem, generating 10% of revenue but potentially worth ~75% of the market cap.  4x P/E is very low. 
 
TechTarget (TTGT):  Lead generation, market intelligence, and advertising services for the B2B technology 
ecosystem.  Recently combined with Informa’s digital business.  Cyclical headwinds + merger integration 
challenges knocked stock down over 75%.  Bought at 6x ’25 EBITDA, under 2x bull-case earnings power. 
 
Lyft (LYFT):  #2 rideshare platform in a duopoly with Uber.  Bought at a price 80% below 2019 post -IPO high, 
despite a near -doubling of revenue  and $3 billion+ profit improvement since  then.  Paid 5x EV/FCF for a 
company growing revenue 10 -15% and earnings even faster.  Autonomous vehicle risks are mitigated by 
several factors.  Perfect balance sheet, capable CEO, sizeable NOL-driven deferred tax assets. 
 
Bank Basket:  Small banks valued at a discount to tangible book.  Potential for above-average earnings growth 
as yield curve shape drives net interest margins higher, operating cost savings improve efficiency ratios.  M&A 
could be an additional source of value-add as the industry consolidates.   
 
Greenlight Capital Re (GLRE):   Reinsurer linked with a capable investor.  New CEO in seat 2+ years driving a 
turnaround.  Paid 0.7x tangible book value.  Potential for growing earnings/ROE plus multiple expansion. 
 
FTI Consulting (FCN):   Consulting practices including corporate finance/restructuring, economic/antitrust, 
litigation/disputes, technology, and strategic/crisis communications.  Long -term compounder with great 
management, good growth potential, bought after a 30% dip due to personnel losses in one segment creating 
a near-term earnings headwind.  Buying back stock.  Countercyclicality provides ballast in downturns. 
 
Tandem Diabetes Care (TNDM):  Automated insulin delivery pumps.  Growth drivers: patients converting from 
injections to pumps, Type 2 indication, international.  Best algorithm = competitive advantage.  Promising R&D 
pipeline + margin expansion drivers.  Bought after stock fell 90%, paid a fraction of peer valuations. 
 
Five9 (FIVN):  Contact Center as a Service (CCaaS), offering cloud -based operations software for corporate 
customer experience management.  Long-term growth rate at multiples of GDP, operating margin expansion, 
low-risk balance sheet, prodigious cash flow, strong culture and good management.  Bought after a 90% decline 
from peak, paying a multiple far below market averages and its own historical levels.    
 
Maplebear (CART):  Instacart is the leader in grocery technology, connecting consumers with retailers and 
shoppers.  Marketplace offering food delivery and fulfillment, paired with brand advertising technology plus 
enterprise software (e.g., online storefronts, loyalty program management, catering management).  70% gross 
margins, 20%+ return on equity, double -digit growth and a long runway ahead suggest good value creation 
potential.  Strong management and board.  Per share value enhanced by aggressive repurchase.   
10 
 
Appendix C: Portfolio Diversification 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

12 
 
Appendix D: Sources 
 
FactSet 
 
i-Shares 
 
Morningstar 
 
S&P Global 
 
Strategas 
 
https://www.iea.org/news/new-iea-report-highlights-options-to-ease-oil-price-pressures-on-consumers-in-
response-to-middle-east-supply-disruptions?utm_source=chatgpt.com  
 
13 
 
PERFORMANCE & RISK DISCLOSURES 
 
This letter is confidential and intended only for existing investors in the Benedict Value Fund. Distribution of this material 
in whole or in part, or any information contained herein, is not permitted without prior written approval from Nierenberg 
Investment Management Company, Inc. (“NIMCO”).  This document is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
purchase an interest in the Benedict Value Fund.   Any such offer or solicitation can be made only by means of a 
confidential private offering memorandum (the “Offering Documents”). In the case of any inconsistency between the 
description of terms in this letter and the Offering Documents, the Offering Documents shall control.  These securities 
shall not be offered or sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer; solicitation or sale would be unlawful until the 
requirements of the laws of such jurisdiction have been satisfied.  Potential investors should not construe the contents of 
this letter as legal, tax, investment or other advice. Investors should consult with their own professional advisors as to the 
legal, tax, financial or other matters relevant to the suitability of an investment in any products managed by NIMCO.  
  
All performance results shown are net of management fees, operating expenses, and an estimate of carried interest, and 
reflect the reinvestment of all earnings and dividends.  Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future returns. 
Individual returns may differ based upon dates of investment, additions/redemptions made since original investment date 
or other particular terms of a specific investor. An independent audit or conducts an annual audit of the Benedict Value 
Fund financials; however, quarterly performance numbers are unaudited. 
   
Any opinions, estimates and projections contained herein constitute the current judgment of the authors as of the date 
of this letter and are subject to change. Information specific to current portfolio holdings is intended to provide 
transparency into the  investment process and there can be no assurances that any investment opportunities discussed 
herein will be successful or profitable or that investment objectives will be obtained. An investment in the Benedict Value 
Fund is illiquid and involves a high degree of risk. An investor in the Benedict Value Fund can lose all or some amount of 
its investment.   Performance is subject to volatility and related fees and expenses may offset profits.   There is no 
secondary market for investors’ interests in the Benedict Value Fund, and none is expected to develop, and there are also 
restrictions on withdrawing and transferring interests from the Benedict Value Fund.  
 
We have included the results of the Russell 2000 Index, the Benchmark of the Benedict Value Fund.  The Fund’s investment 
objective is to achieve long-term gain and seek to outperform the Benchmark over a full cycle.  There can be no assurance 
that the Fund will achieve its investment objective or that it will not incur losses.  Comparison and reference to the 
performance of the Russell 2000, Russel 2000 Growth and Russell 2000 Value Index should not be viewed as a 
representation that the Funds’ portfolio will be comparable to the positions that comprise these indices. In fact, the Fund’s 
holdings differ significantly from the positions that comprise the Russell 2000, Russel 2000 Growth and Russell 2000 Value.  
The Fund’s portfolio is generally comprised of a limited number of micro - and small cap companies, whereas the Russell 
2000 is comprised of significantly more companies.  
 
The above list of Performance & Risk Disclosures is not a complete list of all the risks of investing in the Fund.  For a 
description of certain risks, terms and conditions related to an investment in the Fund, please see NIMCO’s Form ADV 
Part 2A and the Offering Document.
