1 
 
 April 14, 2026  
Black Bear Value Partners Q1 2026 LP Letter 
“How long a minute is depends on what side of the bathroom door you’re on.” – Zall’s Second Law 
 
To My Partners and Friends:  
• Black Bear Value Fund, LP (the “Fund”) returned +1.9% in March and +13.2% YTD.   
• The S&P 500 returned -5.0% in March and -4.4% YTD.  
• The HFRI Index returned -4.6% March and -1.2% YTD. 
• We do not seek to mimic the returns of the S&P 500 and there will be variances in our performance. 
 
 
Note: Additional historical performance can be found on our tear-sheet. 
Zall’s second law (quoted above) succinctly describes the past couple of years . Time stretched uncomfortably 
as our positioning diverged from a market that rewarded very different, and often reckless behavior.  Periods of 
underperformance are never pleasant, but they are often the price of maintaining  a differentiated approach.   
During the early stages of COVID, the Fund underperformed only to see rationality return and 3 years of strong 
absolute and relative performance.  Year-to-date results have been strong, particularly against a declining market, 
offering a reminder that patience – while rarely enjoyable in real time – has its benefits.   
So far in 2026, both our long and short investments have been profitable for the fund year -to-date.  We own 
businesses with significant upside  and remote risks of permanent  capital impairment.  Our investments have 
long-term tailwinds that should stand to benefit the businesses for many years going forward.  Our shorts are 
starting to have their business fundamentals questioned and have a long way to go down.  We are in the early 
innings of a recognition of the underlying value in our portfolio. 

 
 
2 
 
We have long held investments across the energy/commodity space where chronic capital underinvestment left 
the industry vulnerable to any unforeseen increases in demand or reduction in supply.  The recent experience in 
Iran has brought some increased attention to this issue which is not going away without significant investment.  
We have been short the private credit complex for a couple of years and discussed our concern about the influx 
of capital and reduced lending standards in the space.  The rush into the retail channel was a sign that the sponsors 
were looking for less-informed hands for their investments.  Like  energy, the thesis took some time,  but the 
narrative has begun to shift.  A key theme across our portfolio, both now and in the future, is that our ideas can 
take time, but due to our concentration, when they work, the portfolio can increase sharply with lumpy returns 
over time. 
As discussed in prior letters, many of our companies are exiting capital-investment cycles and are starting large 
cash-generative parts of their lifecycles.  While some have started rerating, we are in the early innings .  In the 
meantime, many of these businesses produce lots of cash and distribute it to us via dividends or increase our 
ownership through stock buybacks. 
The broader themes of the portfolio remain similar to our previous letter:  
• Foreign stocks – we are finding opportunities outside of the U.S. markets with 18% of our portfolio in 
foreign-domiciled companies and held in the foreign currency.  
• Housing (Distributor + large landowner in California)  - Structurally underbuilt housing with a rising 
need as millennials form households. With rising mortgage rates, existing home supply should remain 
low and benefit the new homebuilders and by extension their suppliers and distributors.  We added a 
housing ETF short discussed in our BLDR section. 
• Metallurgical coal (coal for steel) – Significant underinvestment in a needed input for worldwide steel 
consumption particularly in Asia and India where high-grade met coal resources are limited. 
• Royalties/Energy/Natural resources/Commodities – Significant underinvestment in natural gas, oil and 
thermal coal which are necessary for the world’s economies to function and grow.  While renewables 
will play an increasing role, the change will occur over decades, and not years. 
• Regional bank turnaround – Flagstar has an exceptional management/board that are ahead of the game 
in turning their businesses around.  At the same time, we are short similar companies with management 
teams that are obfuscating/ignoring the issues and have unhealthy balance sheets (some rhyme with our 
shorts of Silicon Valley Bank/First Republic). 
 
Breakdown of PNL Components 
Some LPs have requested our contribution breakdown by category which is reasonable.  I wanted to provide for 
all if I was going to provide for some. 
As you can see below, both our long a nd short investments had meaningful contributions YTD  in a declining 
market. 
 

 
 
3 
 
Credit Shorts/Equity Shorts 
Our short equity exposure increased in the first quarter from ~39% to ~45% while our credit short remained in 
the low teens.  While I do not name shorts specifically, there are some consistent themes represented.  Some 
examples: 
• Private credit lenders/private equity – We are short a basket of these businesses. While there are 
quality private investors, the space has become very popular with lots of LP money chasing returns.  
Some of these sponsors have paid extremely high prices and/or lent on unfavorable terms.  Many have 
also lent into the AI/data-center space to businesses with questionable futures. 
• AI wanna-be’s/neo-clouds – While AI will have an impact on our lives, we are still very early in its 
lifecycle.  There are many businesses that are “transforming” to benefit from the investor excitement 
with questionable business plans but intense stock promotion. While a source of pain to our PNL in 
2025, the weak business fundamentals have become more apparent and the stocks have declined. 
• Banks/Bridge lending– We are short a bank that rhymes with our Silicon Valley/First Republic short 
in the sense that I think the bank is technically insolvent. They have assets overmarked on their 
balance sheet and are playing games recognizing impending losses.  Additionally, some of the bank’s 
customers are getting their own bank charters and could no longer need their services. The bridge 
lenders (which also includes the bank) are seeing their tenants/borrowers catching colds and through 
aggressive accounting are pushing off the loss recognition.  In time the dividends will be further cut, 
and the cash simply won’t be there. 
• Buy-now/pay-later lenders – These companies lend to the worst credits via small-dollar/short-duration 
loans.  In a benign credit environment, they do ok, but they have 2 things working against them.  One, 
the health/growth of the lower-end consumer is weakening.  Second, it’s a commodity product with a 
lot of competition.  The combination of the above typically ends poorly for the business owners. 
• Legacy data centers – These businesses consume capital and produce mediocre levered returns on 
capital (single digits).  The accounting is squishy, and the economics are dreadful.  They are massively 
levered and the general AI- “mania” has been a rising tide lifting all ships.  Like real estate, not all 
data centers are created equal.  A corollary would be the bifurcation between Class A office which is 
doing better (newer build data centers) and struggling Class B office (legacy data centers).   
 
Top 5 Businesses We Own 
Builders FirstSource (BLDR) 
BLDR declined an additional 20% in the first quarter after a 28% decline in 2025 amidst weakness in the 
housing market.  As noted earlier, we did add a housing ETF index short to the portfolio given some short-
term concerns about the housing environment, particularly from increased rate risk/inflation risk.  
Fundamentally, the Company performed well last year and generated $875MM in free-cash-flow in 2025 
translating to a trailing yield of ~10%.  It seems likely that 2026 will be another year in this general range 
(adjusted for working capital swings).  We have previously discussed the potential for short-term stock price 
fluctuations, but so long as the long-term thesis was intact, we would continue to own the business.   
BLDR is a manufacturer and supplier of building materials with a focus on residential construction.  
Historically this business was cyclical with minimal pricing power as the primary products sold were lumber 
and other non-value-add housing materials.  Since the GFC, BLDR has focused on growing their value-add 
business that is now 40%+ of the topline.   
 
 
4 
 
Our long-term thesis remains intact as there is a structural shortage of housing in the USA.  Higher mortgage 
rates reduce the supply of existing home supply as homeowners are locked into low-rate mortgages. As we 
have seen in recent history, the overall pie of housing activity may shrink, with new homebuilders capturing an 
increasing share of home sales.   
I have lowered my estimates for the near-term cash generation of the business but still assume normalized free-
cash-flow per share to be $9-$12 per year implying a free-cash-flow yield of 10-13% with no growth priced in.  
Long-term there are powerful tailwinds that benefit the scaled businesses in this space. 
Five Point Holdings (FPH) 
FPH is a real estate development company focused on creating large-scale, master-planned communities in 
some of the most supply-constrained and high-demand markets in California.  They specialize in transforming 
underutilized land into residential and mixed-use environments.  Their flagship properties are in Orange 
County, greater Los Angeles and San Francisco.  This is a long-duration, asset-heavy investment that is driven 
by monetizing their land over time.  Clearly this is quite sensitive to the housing environment in California 
which has been plagued by underbuilding and costly/slow regulatory timelines.  While change takes time, the 
lack of housing supply is becoming more of an issue every day and is now gaining more attention at the state 
and local level.   
Their most meaningful cash generative asset is held in a Joint Venture obscuring the cash-flow generation of 
the business.  Using conservative assumptions, we calculate a NAV estimate that is up to 3x higher than 
today’s share price.  There are a wide range of possibilities, and the timing is difficult to predict.  Like BLDR, 
the need for affordable housing is extreme, especially in the metro communities of California.  As the 
landowners, FPH stands to benefit from any positive shift in regulation/red tape.  Our downside is well 
protected in the meantime.  I am not providing much financial detail as we have continued to accumulate stock 
given the recent weakness. 
Flagstar Financial (FLG) 
FLG increased by ~5% in Q1.  Flagstar Financial is the former New York Community Bank (a mashup of 
Flagstar Bank, New York Community Bank and assets from Signature Bank).  Like our past SHORT 
investments in Silicon Valley Bank and First Republic, FLG had a hole in their balance sheet (from soured 
multifamily and office real estate vs. long-duration securities).  That is where the similarities end. 
FLG raised over $1BB in additional capital, led by former Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin.  They 
revamped the management team and brought in a superstar CEO in Joseph Otting who successfully turned 
around OneWest Bank post GFC (formerly known as IndyMac Bank).  Mr. Otting and his team are my kind of 
managers – they are plain-spoken, hardworking and plan for the worst while hoping for the best. 
The turnaround is going well, and they recently reported their first profitable quarter since the new 
management team took over. 
The valuation is extremely compelling.  At quarter-end the bank was trading at ~83% of a conservatively 
marked balance sheet.  This is in contrast with similar banks (who are NOT conservatively marked) trading at 
120-150% of their tangible book value.  At these prices the downside seems low and could see this business up 
45-100% over the next 1-3 years as it is more appropriately valued. 
 
 
 
5 
 
PrairieSky Royalty (PSK.TO) 
PSK.TO increased by ~21% in Q1 (dividend included). We have owned PrairieSky over the last 5+ years.  As 
a reminder PSK.TO is a pure-play oil and natural gas royalty company that owns one of Canada’s largest 
portfolios of subsurface mineral rights and royalty interests across Western Canada.  Importantly, the company 
does not operate or drill oil and gas wells itself; instead, it leases its land to third-party energy producers and 
collects high-margin royalty revenues based on production without incurring operational costs or capital 
expenditures.  Businesses like this should trade at a meaningful premium to the average company due to the 
lack of capital intensity and long duration of healthy cash flows.   
Likely due to both being an energy company and being in Canada we can own the business at a 5-8% yield 
assuming stable production and steady oil energy prices (this does not presume current elevated energy prices).  
Additionally, the business is run by an exceptional CEO and Board that understands capital allocation at a deep 
level.  Given the lack of global investment in energy development and potential for inflation, our ownership 
serves as a positive yielding long-term business investment with a call option on higher energy prices and/or 
needed production. 
Tidewater (TDW) 
TDW increased by ~65% in the first quarter as investors rotated into energy and energy-adjacent stocks.  
Additionally in February, TDW acquired Wilson Sons, a leading Platform-Specialty-Vehicle (PSV) operator in 
Brazil.   
Tidewater is a marine services firm that operates one of the world’s largest fleets of offshore support vessels 
(OSV’s).  They serve the energy industry by transporting crew and supplies, towing and anchoring drillships 
and supporting offshore construction projects.  The long-term outlook for international and offshore markets is 
strong while the near-term is a little cloudier.  As current resource plays (the Permian) slow down, worldwide 
demand will continue to grow and require more oil. It is expected that offshore capital commitments will 
rebound in the next 1-2 years.  
What’s striking about this industry is the lack of investment in the OSV fleet. Since the GFC, global shipyard 
capacity has shrunk by nearly 60%.  In addition, newbuild investment is lacking as many banks have pulled 
back from lending.  Over the next decade, as fleets age, the global OSV market is expected to shrink by ~40%. 
This adds up to a potential for large pricing moves, in our favor, coupled with high utilization.  TDW 
generated ~$350MM in free-cash-flow in 2025 which is a trailing ~8% FCF yield. In a more normal 
environment, I’d expect them to generate $500mm-1bb which gets to ~12-25% yields.  Importantly their share 
buybacks were historically limited by debt covenants, and they will have minimal debt post-acquisition.   
Fund Updates 
K-1’s and our financial statements were delivered ahead of the tax filing deadline so a big thank you to our 
new team at CohnReznick.  You should see large short-term capital losses on your K-1 from 2025. 
Concluding Thoughts 
My job is a balance of protecting our capital while taking appropriate risks to grow it over time.   In the last 2 
years our businesses have performed well but with minimal reaction from the stock market, while our short 
positions had questionable business performance coupled with optimistic stock price reactions .  In previous 
 
 
6 
 
letters I’ve discussed that things can reverse quickly, and while comfortable in that inevitability, the timing was 
hard to predict.  
The year is off to a good start.  In our year-end letter I talked about our portfolio as a coiled spring.  That 
feeling remains and we are operating from a position of strength.  I will end this letter the same way I ended 
the last one… While our returns can be lumpy, we make up ground quickly.  I anticipate that to be the case 
now, 
If you would like to join or add-on, feel free to reach out. Thank you for your trust and support. 
 
Black Bear Value Partners, LP 
786-605-3019/646-821-1854 
Adam@BlackBearFund.Com 
www.blackbearfund.com 

 
 
7 
 
THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT AN OFFER OF, OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY, 
INTERESTS IN BLACK BEAR VALUE PARTNERS, LP (THE “FUND”).  AN OFFERING OF 
INTERESTS WILL BE MADE ONLY BY MEANS OF THE FUND’S CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE 
OFFERING MEMORANDUM (THE “MEMORANDUM” ) AND ONLY TO SOPHISTICATED 
INVESTORS IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE PERMITTED BY LAW.  
This document is confidential and for sole use of the recipient.  It is intended for informational purposes 
only and should be used only by sophisticated investors who are knowledgeable of the risks involved.  No 
portion of this material may be reproduced, copied, distributed, modified or made available to others 
without the express written consent of Black Bear Value Partners, LP (“Black Bear”).  This material is not 
meant as a general guide to investing, or as a source of any specific investment recommendation, and makes 
no implied or express recommendations concerning the matter in which any accounts should or would be 
handled.  
The returns listed in this letter reflect the unaudited and estimated returns for the Fund for the 
periods stated herein and are net of fees and expenses, unless stated otherwise.  Black Bear currently 
pays certain fund expenses, but may, at any time, in i ts sole discretion, charge such expenses to the 
Fund. 
Please note that net returns presented reflect the returns of the Fund assuming an investor “since 
inception,” with no subsequent capital contributions or withdrawals.  You should understand that 
these returns are not necessarily reflective of your net returns in the Fund, and you should follow-up 
with Black Bear if you have any questions about the returns presented herein. 
An investment in the Fund is speculative and involves a high degree of risk.  Black Bear is a newly formed 
entity with limited operating history and employs certain trading techniques, such as short selling and the 
use of leverage, which may increase the risk of investment loss.  As a result, the Fund’s performance may 
be volatile, and an investor could lose all or a substantial amount of his or her investment.  There can be no 
assurances that the Fund will have a return on invested capital similar to the r eturns of other accounts 
managed by Adam Schwartz due to differences in investment policies, economic conditions, regulatory 
climate, portfolio size, leverage and expenses.  Past performance is not a guarantee of, and is not 
necessarily indicative of, future results.  The Fund’s investment program involves substantial risk, 
including the loss of principal, and no assurance can be given that the Fund’s investment objectives will be 
achieved.  
The Fund will also have substantial limitations on investors’ ability to withdraw or transfer their interests 
therein, and no secondary market for the Fund’s interests exists or is expected to develop.  Finally, the 
Fund’s fees and expenses may offset trad ing profits.  All of these risks, and other important risks, are 
described in detail in the Fund’s Memorandum.  Prospective investors are strongly urged to review the 
Memorandum carefully and consult with their own financial, legal and tax advisers before investing.  
The development of an investment strategy, portfolio construction guidelines and risk management 
techniques for the Fund is an ongoing process.  The strategies, techniques and methods described herein 
will therefore be modified by Black Bear from time to time and over time.  Nothing in this presentation 
shall in any way be deemed to limit the strategies, techniques, methods or processes which Black Bear may 
adopt for the Fund, the factors that Black Bear may take into account in analyzing investments for the Fund 
or the securities in which the Fund may invest.  Depending on conditions and trends in securities markets 
 
 
8 
 
and the economy generally, Black Bear may pursue other objectives, or employ other strategies, techniques, 
methods or processes and/or invest in different types of securities, in each case, that it considers appropriate 
and in the best interest of the Fund without notice to, or the consent of, investors.  
Performance returns compared against benchmark indices are provided to allow for certain comparisons of 
Black Bear’s performance to that of well -known and widely- recognized indices. Such information is 
included to show the general trend in the markets during the periods indicated and is not intended to imply 
that the holdings of any of the applicable accounts were similar to an index, either in composition or risk 
profile.  The indices represented herein are the S&P 500 and the HFRI EH: Fundamental Value Index 
(“HFRI EH FVI”). The S&P 500 is a free-float weighted/capitalization-weighted stock market equity index 
maintained by S&P Dow Jones Indices, which tracks the performance of 500 large companies listed on 
U.S. stock exchanges.  The HFRI EH FVI reflects fundamental value strategies which employ investment 
processes designed to identify attractive opportunities in securities of companies which trade a valuation 
metrics by which the manager determines them to be inexpensive and undervalued when compared with  
relevant benchmarks. 
This presentation contains certain forward looking statements.  Such statements are subject to a number of 
assumptions, risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be 
materially different from future results, perf ormance or achievements expressed or implied by these 
forward-looking statements and projections.  Prospective investors are cautioned not to invest based on 
these forward-looking statements. 
Furthermore, many statements in this presentation are the subjective views of Black Bear, and other 
reasonable persons may have differing views. Unless it is unequivocally a statement of fact, any statement 
herein (even if not specifically qualified as an opinion (i.e., with language such as “in the opinion of” or 
“we believe that”)) should nevertheless be understood and interpreted as an opinion with which reasonable 
persons may disagree, and not as a material statement of fact that can be clearly substantiated. 
The information in this presentation is current as of the date listed on the cover page and is subject to change 
or amendment.  The delivery of this presentation at any time does not imply that the information contained 
herein is correct at any time subsequent to such date. 
Certain information contained herein has been supplied to Black Bear by outside sources.  While Black 
Bear believes such sources are reliable, it cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any such 
information. 
This Presentation has not been approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or 
any other regulatory authority or securities commission. 
This Presentation does not constitute an offer of interests in the Fund to investors domiciled or with a 
registered office in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  None of the Fund, Black Bear or any of their 
respective affiliates currently intends to engage in any marketing (as defined in the Alternative Investment 
Fund Managers Directive) in the EEA with respect to interests in the Fund.  Receipt of this investor 
presentation by an EEA investor is solely in response to a request for information about the F und which 
was initiated by such investor.  Any other receipt of this investor presentation is in error and the recipient 
thereof shall immediately return to the Fund, or destroy, this investor presentation without any use, 
dissemination, distribution or copying of the information set forth herein.
