INVESTMENT EXCELLENCE. CLIENT CONFIDENCE 
    
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Dear Partner, 
For the first quarter of 2026, our portfolio declined in value by a mid-teen percentage.  While this letter 
is a first-quarter update, the de -escalation of the Iran War following the quarter’s end has already 
boosted market sentiment, leading to a material recovery in the portfolio over the past month.  Though 
this letter will address the past quarter's results, we will also focus on how we are positioned for the 
future after the bounce back .  Undoubtedly, the general theme remains that we are operating in a 
dynamic environment shaped by geopolitical reflation policies and the conflicting cross-currents of AI-
driven excitement as well as fear.  For those not following markets closely, in plain English, it is a 
uniquely wild time in markets right now.  And for those nervous about the frothy market but still wanting 
to put money to work, today’s manic market offers many compelling opportunities, which we have 
diligently incorporated into the portfolio. 
Today’s market is aggressively "risk-on," but solely favoring cyclicals leveraged to the AI infrastructure 
build-out boom.  Rising stock prices attract more capital, pushing prices up further and creating both 
a false sense of safety and a fear of missing out.  As participants sell stocks that have declined to buy 
more of the rising stocks, the divergence keeps widening; in a word, this is momentum .  As such, in 
this ebullient market, a shocking number of stocks are hitting 52-week lows as capital flees to stop the 
pain and chases the rising momentum higher.  For example, this past Friday was just the third time  
since 1990 that the S&P 500 had more new stocks hit lows than highs on a day when the overall index 
made a new high.   
This trading environment bears a striking resemblance to the late 1990s, where traditional quality 
companies were frequently cast aside in favor of hotter market segments.   This has left many of our 
high-quality, secular compounders in a "no- man's land,” where they possess neither the exciting 
cyclical growth of the infrastructure boom nor valuations that look cheap enough that one can imagine 
the stocks jumping 50% in a few days .  Traders view these traditional compounders with a sense of 
apathy, assuming they will always be available for purchase once the  more immediate speculative 
opportunities have been exhausted. 
                                                                                                                                      Q1 2026 Investor Letter 
 
 
INVESTMENT EXCELLENCE. CLIENT CONFIDENCE. 
   
    
 
2 
We are always cautious about drawing parallels to the past so that we can remain open -minded, but 
we do know it is important to learn from periods such as the Internet bubble.  We have evolved our 
portfolio to capture parts of the AI buildout (10-15% of the portfolio currently) and continue to search 
for attractive opportunities while also owning the major big tech beneficiaries driving the buildout.  But 
we are also leaning into great companies that are just out-of-favor for simply not being AI because we 
never know when the environment can change, and after the Internet bubble burst, these types of 
companies rallied in a declining market.  Our approach is to balance the risk and reward of the current 
excitement. 
The reason we remain optimistic about the portfolio is threefold: a) our experience – while this cycle 
is the most pronounced since the 1990s, I have been through many cycles in my investing career; b) 
the abundance of investments in the portfolio offering a compelling risk/reward; and c) recently we 
have seen how quickly narratives can shift  back positively for companies we own .  For example, 
market participants quickly pivoted back to Alphabet, which started last year down 25%  in the first 
quarter and finished up 2.5x by the end of last year; Amazon flipped from being an AI loser, behind in 
every aspect of the revoluti on, and selling off nearly 20% through February , to now being held as a 
consensus winner, rallying 35% since then.  Thus, in such a manic environment, it  is not hard to 
imagine investors becoming similarly excited by the prospects of laggard holdings such as Microsoft, 
UnitedHealth, Netflix, Copart, Meta, Visa or Hermes as they continue their historically adept execution.   
While they may not all be successful investments, it is important to appreciate how fast fortunes can 
change for the better for stocks like this in this environment.  With a significant portion of our portfolio 
trading at the low end of their 10- year valuations - rivaling the troughs of 2020 and 2022 - despite 
accelerating earnings growth, we see immense latent value.  This disconnect between price and 
fundamentals is the foundation of our current confidence.  
Financial Market Commentary 
The recent war in the Middle East has exacerbated the "reinflation" trend, though the domestic 
economy remains fundamentally more insulated from energy shocks than in decades past.  
Interestingly, as the world’s leading oil producer and a net energy exporter, the United States has seen 
its oil consumption per unit of economic output fall by nearly 70% since 1980.  In the 1970s, the U.S. 
required 3.1 barrels of oil per $1,000 of GDP; today, that figure has dropped to just 0.3 barrels.  This 
                                                                                                                                      Q1 2026 Investor Letter 
 
 
INVESTMENT EXCELLENCE. CLIENT CONFIDENCE. 
   
    
 
3 
structural shift means that while energy prices can create real economic pain, they no longer pose as 
much of an existential threat to economic stability as they once did.   
With some pressure on the consumer from oil prices, higher interest rates, and low confidence, it 
makes sense that markets are cautious on consumer-tied spending and residential capital investment 
and therefore pushing money towards the AI infrastructure build-out since it is fairly agnostic to those 
headwinds.  Indeed, this massive outlay for AI is a main driver why aggregate corporate earnings 
remain so robust, growing more than 20% year-over-year; and that staggering growth is off a non -
recessionary base. 
With AI growth seemingly guaranteed in the next two years, t he market is obsessed with bucketing 
companies into categories , through a binary lens of " AI winners" and " AI losers."  We see this 
whenever a new capability is announced by a model, such as recent product releases from Anthropic’s 
Claude, which triggered reflexive selling in all software and human capital business services.  In fact, 
it has almost become “anything related to building a data center” versus “everything else with humans 
involved.”  We believe this zero-sum view is reductive.  Just because the semiconductor sector rallies 
one day does not mean that Visa is worse off.  In fact, Visa just reported its best earnings in years.  
We believe that you can have direct AI winners (those selling comput e power) and AI beneficiaries 
(those applying comput e to improve their businesses).  We have positioned our portfolio in that 
manner, trying to benefit from the buildout but staying with companies that are accelerating their 
earnings growth, even if the stocks themselves are not popular, yet .  We are trying not to be binary, 
but instead owning all types of good companies that should benefit in various ways from AI.   
It is important to emphasize how extreme the price action has become and to understand these trading 
correlations.  Even companies in completely different industries with little AI disruption risk like auto 
salvage and retailers, medical insurance, waste management, etc. can trade in opposite directions of 
semiconductors on a daily basis .  When stocks go against us, we often look for reasons.  And 
sometimes stocks go down simply because they have been going down.  W e must be careful not to 
imbue the market with some wisdom that is actually nothing more than short-term trading algorithms.  
Just because a stock drops every  time semiconductors rally does not mean it is necessarily being 
disrupted by AI; it just happened enough times that it becomes part of a trading pattern.  I remember 
reading in college how the best predictor of S&P returns had been butter production in Bangladesh 
                                                                                                                                      Q1 2026 Investor Letter 
 
 
INVESTMENT EXCELLENCE. CLIENT CONFIDENCE. 
   
    
 
4 
the previous year –  correlation, not causation.  This trading creates opportunities for us to buy and 
patiently wait for the trading dynamic to breakdown and systems to move onto something else, 
alleviating the trading pressure, and the company coming back to its fundamentals.  We do not want 
to overreact, especially when the catalyst may not even be real. 
Portfolio Update 
The past quarter’s drawdown was driven by a sharp drop in stock prices and valuation multiples across 
our holdings; earnings remained resilient and are even accelerating for most of our holdings.  That is 
why even after this recent month’s recovery, we believe material latent value remains in the portfolio.  
To emphasize at a high level, our portfolio traded  as if it were COVID 2020 or tech bust 2022 .  And 
we know why .  Narrative momentum currently outweighs valuation in importance, a phenomenon 
frequently observed during the early stages of economic cycles or new technology breakthroughs.  In 
"risk-on" environments like this, quality stalwarts  can lag while capital chases the faster second -
derivative growers.   
An interesting example of this disconnect even resides in the hottest sector, semiconductors, with 
NVIDIA.  Despite being the primary beneficiary of AI infrastructure spending, including projected 50% 
growth this year and a valuation of approximately 14 x our estimate of forward earnings , it has 
underperformed most semiconductor peers.  This lag is driven by a narrative focused on dollar-share 
shifts from GPUs (NVIDIA’s core earnings machine) to custom chips and CPUs rather than the 
absolute earnings power, valuation, and growth.  Investors will favor companies growing off a lower 
base when growth is plentiful because there is more upside.  However, the structural advantages of 
industry leaders become most apparent when growth becomes scarcer.  Any pullback in spending will 
typically follow a waterfall trajectory, impacting the weakest participants first.  In our minds, that is why 
the quality leader in an industry is a good bet for the long-term: in challenging times, earnings hold up 
better, and in good times , they get their fair share of growth, which together produces an attractive 
risk/reward as well as endurance.  Ultimately, if a quality leader holds both a valuation and enduring 
growth advantage, we do not think the performance gap between quality leaders and speculative 
peers can persist indefinitely.   
As for companies in more out of favor sectors, such as capital light business services, our conviction 
remains anchored to our Quality and Price framework .  Arthur J. Gallagher serves as a primary 
                                                                                                                                      Q1 2026 Investor Letter 
 
 
INVESTMENT EXCELLENCE. CLIENT CONFIDENCE. 
   
    
 
5 
example of our process.  While the market obsesses over whether organic growth is 5% or 6% in a 
softer insurance pricing cycle and debates whether AI will disrupt or improve the business , AJG has 
drifted to the bottom end of its historical valuation range while also trading at its cheapest relative level 
to the S&P 500 in years .  When you think about the stock like business owners, we are effectively 
earning a +6% cash flow yield on a business historically growing +12% annually.  If valuations remain 
depressed, the company can buy more of its peers or its own stock to further spring load future returns.  
Should the multiple merely return to a market average, the stock offers 50% upside or even if it takes 
a decade to materialize, annualized returns could reach 15% to 20%.  
We believe a similar opportunity exists with Booking Holdings, a company we have owned before and 
purchased under similar circumstances.  In 2015, a global recession which impacted travel coincided 
with fears that Google or Meta could disintermediate their business.  Today, worries exist that the Iran 
War will curtail travel this year and that LLMs and Agentic AI could take their business (ironically, they 
are called OTAs, online travel agents  – it cannot be that hard to figure out how to market that ).  We 
view the Iran War travel disruption as transitory in a long-term trend of spending on leisure and 
hospitality.  And we are watching closely for the disruption risks from having your own AI agent, but 
so far Anthropic  and OpenAI have said they do not want to be the system of record for hotels and 
many underestimate Booking’s competitive advantage in holding the payment and marketing arm for 
many hotels and customers in their network  effects.  A lready Booking is the most prominent 
“advertiser” on the LLMs, which is a similar playbook to how they mastered Google Search to become 
their biggest advertiser.  We will closely monitor initiatives such as Connected Trip or signs of agentic 
disruption, but given the company trades for 15x earnings and is expected to grow mid-teens per year, 
we think the risks are more than priced into the stock while offering material upside potential for a well-
capitalized large cap stock.  
Further, our risk management involves applying analytical math to stress -test bear cases  that 
sometimes appear around companies, such as our work on Microsoft.  Fears abound that Microsoft 
will be disrupted by new platforms  and its software applications will be replaced.  Our math showed 
that even in a draconian scenario where Microsoft lost 25% of its hundreds of millions of M365 
customers annually, the company's pervasive presence across the data, developer, and security 
layers still offered opportunities for the company’s overall earnings to grow.  So when it was trading at 
a below-market multiple, we believed it remained undervalued relative to the risks .  Just like how 
                                                                                                                                      Q1 2026 Investor Letter 
 
 
INVESTMENT EXCELLENCE. CLIENT CONFIDENCE. 
   
    
 
6 
Alphabet and Amazon were perceived to have been disrupted and left behind, it is not hard to imagine 
that Microsoft could be perceived a winner again in the coming year as they produce their own models 
in 2027 and continue to partner and integrate  other models into their massive distribution and 
infrastructure. 
One could reasonably ask, these make sense, but no one cares - why not just go all in on the obvious 
AI buildout?  This is something we ask ourselves as well, and we have owned many of the “picks and 
shovel” players throughout the past few years.  But more recently, the sector has become white hot, 
advancing almost every day in the past month (which is on top of already strong price action), as the 
stocks price in higher for longer cyclical growth.  This type of momentum can reverse quickly as we 
have seen in many other areas of the market the last couple of years.  Further, we do think there are 
ways the buildout could not go as planned.  Historically, every capital cycle ends up in an overbuil t, 
oversupplied situation, that is why it is a cycle .  We also wonder if the reason there seems to be  
insatiable demand for compute is because it is underpriced.  The biggest LLM start-ups are projected 
to burn more than $200 billion of cumulative free cash flow through 2029 , and the hyperscalers and 
neo clouds are collectively cash-burning with only low double-digit returns on capital expected.  If all 
these companies priced their services higher, would demand rationalize and thus the supply and 
demand imbalance correct?  Would we make as many silly videos of our friends in AI if it cost $5  
each?   
As for supply, could chip technology materially improve?  GPUs have improved by several folds every 
couple of years.  Could companies become more efficient with compute power?  Google did improve 
Gemini’s serving unit cost by 78% in 2025.  So compounding all these variables over a four-year 
period could be a material difference in supply and demand.  Further, maybe the hyperscalers become 
more competitive and less profitable as NeoClouds, Oracle and SpaceXAI enter the market, and then 
they all must reduce their capex spend which would filter through all the supplier companies.  We have 
seen capital cycles before in which supply outstrips demand, and almost everyone agrees this will 
happen here, it is just when.  To be clear, we do not share these thoughts because we are bearish on 
these companies or AI in general.  W e simply wanted to outline why we remain diversified in other 
out-of-favor industries in addition to our AI exposure.  In a word, we want balance.  We do not want to 
be binary, trying to pick one state of the world, because we believe the future may unfold in many 
ways.  We hope to benefit over time no matter the meandering path the economy takes. 
                                                                                                                                      Q1 2026 Investor Letter 
 
 
INVESTMENT EXCELLENCE. CLIENT CONFIDENCE. 
   
    
 
7 
Consistency in our approach also means refreshing our perspective on long- term holdings like 
MasterCard.  After only increasing in value 40% in the last five years and down 9% over the past year, 
one may ask if it is still a good investment.  That is where the objective work comes into play, in which 
we can see that it has doubled its earnings over that time frame with every reason to believe that it  
can continue.  Competitors have come and gone, all the while the company has added more flows 
through its rails including B2B, stablecoin offramps, crypto, etc.  Thus, the company has expanded its 
competitive advantages and invested to generate future growth.  Since the company grew earnings 
faster than the stock price went up, it leaves the company trading at a valuation relative to the market 
not seen since we first invested twelve years ago (and as a reminder from that point the stock returned 
~6x our money).  On a relative basis, we believe the bargain is even more pronounced today than it 
was then, given how much more expensive the broader market has become.   So over the past five 
years, MasterCard has gotten cheaper while the average stock has gotten more expensive, while 
MasterCard still sports one of the better large cap growth stories in the market.  Therefore, we maintain 
the course and our patience, confident that the spring-loaded returns will be released one day.  Also, 
we believe it is essential to acknowledge where our assessments were incorrect to sharpen our future 
judgment.  We diversified into faster growing and seemingly more exciting payment stories like Adyen, 
Fiserv, and PayPal in 2021, but these ultimately proved to be inferior business models to the primary 
payment rails of Visa and Mastercard.  We consider these valuable lessons warranting caution today 
to chase the hotter peripheral semi companies versus sticking with the industry stalwarts we know and 
love, even if they are not going up as fast. 
Other examples of solid risk and reward investments include our luxury stock holdings.  With sales for 
LVMH barely growing organically and the Iran War dinging sales at Hermes by more than a percent 
for the quarter, how do we maintain the conviction to keep holding even though they have not “gone 
up.”  The reason is that the companies trade near the lower end of their valuation range, and when 
they resume growth, the market will reprice them quickly given they are some of the highest of quality 
companies.  So, we own a stock that has good downside protection yet could increase 50% in a short 
period of time or compound at double digits for decades.  That is a good risk and reward set-up.  And 
for evidence of a potential rally, LVMH increased almost 50% last year from its low in June, into which 
we sold about one- quarter of the position  to ensure we are not over -exposed to a false start to the 
luxury recovery, and now buying it back we see the same potential opportunity.   
                                                                                                                                      Q1 2026 Investor Letter 
 
 
INVESTMENT EXCELLENCE. CLIENT CONFIDENCE. 
   
    
 
8 
Netflix is another compelling long-term investment that we outlined last quarter.  After backing out of 
the purchase of Warner Bros., the stock rallied.  Then, after earnings were announced, the stock 
dropped almost 10% and continued to slide, caught in the momentum downturn.  It represents another 
stock that seems to rally when semis sell -off and trade down when semis rally –  no real sensical 
reason why.  It is just labeled “Quality and capital light with secular growth.”  Trading down 20%, we 
view the company as well-positioned to continue its dominance, grow earnings in the 20% range per 
year, and with a below-average forward valuation multiple, it offers significant long-term compounding 
potential.   
We recognize that many of our holdings are currently in a "no-man's land" of market favor, but recent 
history shows that when quality compounders return to vogue, they do so quickly.  In general, we do 
not think much is wrong with quality companies, we think there are a plethora of opportunities in the 
portfolio, and thus one day it is not hard to imagine some or many of them “catching up.”  In fact, we 
have observed how our portfolio will rally on days when the overall market declines because of a 
momentum sell-off, thus displaying some potential green shoots about the future. 
Administration Update 
You should have received your K -1 in March.  If you have any questions, please reach out to 
IR@bowiecapital.com.  
Our annual meeting this year will be held on November 5th at the JW Marriott here in Dallas. We will 
send more details in the coming months, but please mark your calendars and we hope to see you 
there.  
Conclusion 
In this environment, the capital-light, high-margin secular compounders that anchor our strategy have 
fallen out of fashion.  It is a period where momentum trumps quality, and the "immediate" trumps the 
"durable."  But we know from experience that abundant growth is rarely a permanent condition.  When 
this cycle inevitably rationalizes and growth becomes scarce again, capital will return as people 
appreciate the enduring value of our secular growers .  We must not let the primal urge to chase 
                                                                                                                                      Q1 2026 Investor Letter 
 
 
INVESTMENT EXCELLENCE. CLIENT CONFIDENCE. 
   
    
 
9 
speculative excess  reign. Instead, our team remains focused on our companies' fundamental 
progress, confident that quality finds its day in the sun again one day soon. 
 
Thank you for your trust and confidence.  
 
Sincerely, 
 
Cory Whitaker 
Bowie Capital 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                                                      Q1 2026 Investor Letter 
 
 
INVESTMENT EXCELLENCE. CLIENT CONFIDENCE. 
   
    
 
10 
Important Disclosures 
 
This letter is provided, on a confidential basis, for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer 
or solicitation to buy or sell an interest in Bowie Capital Partners, LP , Bowie Capital Offshore Partners, Ltd, 
Bowie Focused Equity IDF, a series of the SALI Multi -Series Fund, L.P.  (collectively "Bowie") or any other 
security or provide investment advisory services. It is intended for the named recipient, who, by accepting it, 
agrees to keep this information confidential.  This presentation i s not an advertisement and may not be 
disseminated, communicated or otherwise disclosed by the recipient to any third party without the prior written 
consent of Bowie Capital Management, LLC (“BCM”). An offer or solicitation of an investment in Bowie will only 
be made pursuant to a private placement memorandum and associated documents. This information is not 
investment advice and is not a recommendation to purchase or sell any specific security. Bowie may have a 
position in the securities discussed in this  material, which may be increased or decreased at any time with no 
notice to the recipient of this information. The  material discussed in this letter are the views and opinion of the 
author, subject to change without notice.  The information contained in this material does not purport to be 
complete, is only current as of the date indicated, and may be superseded by su bsequent market events or for 
other reasons. BCM believes the source to be reliable as of the dates indicated but does no independent 
verification and as such BCM makes no representation or guarantee as to the accuracy or completeness.  BCM 
has no obligation to update or supplement this letter should the author’s view or opinions change or the source 
data change.  This presentation includes forward-looking statements. All statements that are not historical facts 
are forward- looking statements, including any statements that relate to future market conditions, results, 
operations, strategies or other future conditions or developments and any statements regarding objectives, 
opportunities, positioning or prospects. Forward- looking statements are necessarily based upon speculation, 
expectations, estimates and assumptions that are inherently unreliable and subject to significant business, 
economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies. Forward- looking statements are not a promise or 
guarantee about future events.
 The indexes referred to herein are widely recognized, unmanaged indexes of 
market activity and have been included for informational purposes only. It should not be assumed that any 
apparent correlations to any index based on historical returns will persist in the future. No representation is made 
that Bowie’s performance will replicate the performance of any index.  References to SPX index specifically are 
represented by the SPY ETF. 
 An investor can’t invest directly in an index and there are significant differences 
between the types of investments expected to be made in B owie and the investments covered by the indices.  
Any discussion of liquid or illiquid investments is qualified by the fact that the liquidity of an investment depends 
largely on market conditions, which change from time to time. An investment that is currently liquid could prove 
to be completely or substantially illiquid at any time in the future. No assurances can be given regarding the time 
at which it may be possible or reasonably practi cal to sell any investment, regardless of the degree of liquidity 
or illiquidity currently associated with the investment. Any statements about the likely timing for the future 
disposition or maturity of any investment or group of investments are forward- looking statements that are 
inherently unreliable and should not be relied upon for any purpose. Investors in Bowie have a limited right to 
redeem or transfer interests in Bowie.  The information in this presentation is not intended to provide, and should 
not be relied upon for, accounting, legal, or tax advice or investment recommendations. Each recipient should 
consult its own tax, legal, accounting, financial, or other advisors about the issues discussed herein.   
 
©2026 Bowie Capital Management, LLC. All rights reserved. This material may not be reproduced, displayed, 
modified, or distributed without the express prior written permission of the copyright holder.
