Page | 1  
 
 
75 Port City Landing, Suite 110, Mt. Pleasant SC 29464 | 516-680-9012 | info@breachinletcap.com 
 
April 7, 2026 
Fellow Investor, 
 
March 1st marked the end of our tenth year, so we recently shared a presentation highlighting this anniversary.  In 
our first decade, Breach Inlet  produced an annualized net return1 of 15.9% or cumulative net return of 338 %.  
Despite averaging only 67% net exposure, w e materially outperformed our small cap value benchmark 2 that only 
generated an annualized gain of 10.9% or cumulative gain of 181%.  Our first 10 years taught us the importance of 
constantly reviewing & improving our disciplined  process, learning from missteps, expand ing our circle of 
competence, leveraging past research, and embracing volatility.  As we look to the next 10 years, we are grateful to 
have patient Investor Partners that allow us to focus on producing compelling long-term risk-adjusted returns. 
 
Breach Inlet reported a net return1 of 1.3% in 1Q26, while its benchmark gained 5.0%.  We started this year with 
the belief that we owned a collection of gr owing market leaders trading at significant valuation discounts.  After 
becoming more mispriced in our view, we believe our portfolio is a coiled spring where downside appears limited 
but upcoming catalysts could drive substantial upside.  Excluding our sports teams, our Longs trade at a weighted 
average P/FCF of only ~10x.  We have more attractive investments than cash, so have been forced to trim positions 
to make room for new ideas.   That is a good problem and we view this as a positive signal for future returns. 
 
 
 
Notable Contributor and Detractor 
Contributor – Stride (“LRN”): Pioneer & Largest Operator of K-12 Virtual Schools 
After being our largest detractor in 4Q25 and 2025, LRN was our greatest contributor in 1Q26.  In January, t he 
company beat 2Q26 expectations and raised its FY26 guide.  Importantly, LRN fixed its major IT issues and continued 
to roll -out improvements to its user interface.  Despite reducing marketing expenses and slowing enrollments, 
demand remains at record levels.  Management signaled plans to return to high growth when FY27 begins in July.  
On the back of this good news, we expected LRN’s share price to rebound more rapidly.  However, we are pleased 
the company can continue to aggressively repurchase shares at this low valuation of only ~9.5x LTM FCF3.  
 
Detractor – Burford Capital (“BUR”): Pioneer & Leader of Litigation Finance 
Last October, LRN was the first stock of my 20-year career to drop ~50% in one day.  I didn’t expect to have another 
stock fall ~50% in one day just five months later, but investing is humbling.  Last month, the U.S. Appeals Court 
reversed Judge Preska’s ruling against Argentina in the YPF case.  Since Judge Preska had ruled that Argentina should 
pay BUR over $25 per share (vs. its $8 trading price) and Preska had less than 5% of her rulings reversed over the 
BIC Net
Gross1 Net1 Longs1 Shorts1 Return1 RUJ1 RUT1 S&P 500 RUJ1 RUT1 S&P 500
1Q26 109% 86% 0% 1% 1.3% 5.0% 0.9% -4.3% -3.6% 0.4% 5.7%
3-Yr CAGR 112% 76% 8% 0% 7.6% 13.8% 13.0% 18.3% -6.2% -5.4% -10.7%
5-Yr CAGR 117% 74% 11% 1% 11.3% 5.8% 3.8% 12.1% 5.5% 7.5% -0.9%
ITD1 116% 68% 18% -1% 14.7% 10.4% 10.6% 14.8% 4.4% 4.1% -0.1%
Note: Gross Attribution of Shorts excludes  options and index hedges used prior to March 2018.
Exposure Gross Attribution Benchmark Returns BIC Net Return Relative to:
Page | 2  
 
past decade, the YPF reversal was a shock to investors and caused BUR’s stock to immediately fall ~50%. 
 
We believe this is a complete overreaction and aggressively bought more shares.  We have always viewed YPF as a 
cheap or free call option.  Our core thesis has been that BUR (excluding YPF) should generate close to $1 of cash 
EPS4 once case resolutions return to a normal pace following the COVID-induced backlog.  Case resolutions should 
accelerate this year and BUR could approach $1 of cash EPS next year.  It implies this industry pioneer trades for 
only ~4x NTM cash EPS.  It also trades near tangible book value per share (excluding YPF).  In addition, the YPF case 
could still have significant value because BUR plans to request a rehearing and seek international arbitration, where 
BUR has already had success against Argentina.   Separately, g iven its low valuation , proprietary data, domain 
expertise, reputable brand, and elimination of the YPF overhang, we think BUR could attract a buyout offer from a 
large asset manager seeking to expand into the litigation finance market.  BUR’s co-founders, its CEO and CIO, are 
certainly motivated after watching their net worth be reduced by ~$80mm yet still own ~$80mm of equity. 
 
Top Five Investments (representing ~65% of NAV) 
Atlanta Braves Holdings (“BATRK”): Atlanta Braves Team & The Battery Real Estate 
After its broadcasting partner (Main Street) failed to make contractual payments  due to liquidity issues , BATRK 
terminated the agreement and launched its own multi-media platform called BravesVision.  BATRK certainly has the 
experience to manage its TV content given BATRK’s CEO spent 35 years at Turner Broadcasting.  In fact, BATRK has 
already signed multi-year distribution agreements with Charter, Comcast, DIRECTV, and Fubo.  When excluding the 
value of the Battery real estate, the Braves team trades for ~3.5x Revenue.  The Mets sold for > 6.5x six years ago 
and we think a new MLB TV agreement in a few years will cause valuation multiples to rise materially. 
 
Daktronics (“DAKT”): Pioneer & Dominant Provider of Video Displays for Stadiums, Venues, & Highways 
DAKT’s recent Revenue and EBITDA growth accelerated to an impressive 22% and 49% y/y, respectively.  Its new 
CEO has taken the helm and will host an Investor Day this week.  We look forward to providing an update thereafter. 
 
Hilton Grand Vacations (“HGV”): Leading Developer & Manager of Timeshare Resorts 
HGV’s FCF/share5 rose 7% in FY25 and guided to FCF rising again this year.  Despite this momentum, HGV trades for 
only ~4.5x FY26 FCF guide.  The company continues to repurchase ~20% of its shares annually.  Given this buyback 
pace and the top six holders own ~55% of the shares, we expect continued upward pressure on HGV’s stock price. 
 
PROG Holdings (“PRG”): Pioneer & Leading Fin-Tech Helping Credit-Constrained Consumers Purchase Products 
Last month, we attended PRG’s inaugural Investor Day.  We walked away more bullish after speaking with each of 
its key executives.  We were also pleased that PRG forecasted a 3-year EPS CAGR of 17-20%.  That growth is certainly 
not appreciated by the market, as PRG trades for just ~6.5x PF25 FCF.  We believe PRG’s Board will spin off its fastest 
growing segment, Four Technologies, if its value does not start to be reflected in PRG’s share price. 
 
Stride (“LRN”): Pioneer & Largest Operator of K-12 Virtual Schools 
See Notable Contributor above. 
 
Portfolio Activity 
We were busy again in 1Q26.  Before we could build Mister Car Wash (“MCW”) into a larger position, the company 
accepted a buyout offer so we exited.  We outlined our thesis for NCR Atleos (“NATL”) in our 4Q25 letter, then NATL 
announced plans to be acquired by Brink’s.  We also purchased shares in a new Long, which we will disclose in the 
future.  Lastly, we exited a Short for gains and added a new Short, which trades for a ~2.5x premium to its historical 
Page | 3  
 
valuation due to unrealistic expectations.  Below are descriptions of two new Longs that we started buying in 4Q25.  
Gross/net exposure is currently ~125/ ~95%, but this includes a ~9% NATL position held for long-term gains.  
 
New Long – Cars.com (“CARS”): 2nd Largest Online Auto-Shopping Marketplace6  
CARS primarily earns subscription fees from auto dealers, who pay for inventory listing s on Cars.com, website 
hosting, vehicle appraisals, and digital marketing services.  We began buying CARS shares in 4Q25, then added to 
our stake after investors seemed to overreact to misperceived AI threats and a new CEO’s conservative FY26 guide.   
 
Bears argue that consumers will increasingly shop for vehicles with AI chatbots (such as ChatGPT) instead of  
leveraging online marketplaces (such as Cars.com).  This fear seems overblown.  For most consumers, vehicles are 
the second largest purchase after a home  so they spend months researching.  Consumers want a user interface 
(“UI”) designed specifically for filtering granular vehicle details and comparing pricing.  CARS has spent decades 
perfecting its UI, contracting with ~20k auto dealers to access real-time inventory data, and integrating into dealer 
tech stacks.  Importantly, 45%7 of CARS’ traffic comes directly to its website, which highlights its recognized brand 
among consumers.  It would be time -consuming for an AI company to build a comparable auto-focused search 
experience.  In fact, AI providers have recently deprioritized certain initiatives like advertising to focus on B2B 
products.  Therefore, chatbots will likely continue to be a source of leads for marketplaces like search engines.  As 
evidence, CARS states it is the most cited auto source on ChatGPT and is experimenting with ads on ChatGPT.   
 
In January, Tobi Hartmann replaced CARS long-time CEO Alex Vetter.  Alex successfully brought CARS public and 
transitioned it from a classified ads business owned by newspapers.  However, CARS needed a fresh face at CEO 
after recent years of sluggish growth.  Tobi has an impressive resume.  As the CEO of Scout24, he divested its auto 
marketplace business for ~$3b then grew profits at the remaining real estate marketplace business at a 10% CAGR 
leading to an annualized shareholder return of 16%.  He plans to better integrate CARS’ acquired assets, right-size 
expenses, refresh some executives, and improve processes.  Our recent call with him increased our conviction.     
 
Given Tobi joined CARS a few weeks before its 4Q25 earnings call, he unsurprisingly provided conservative FY26 
guidance calling for 2% EBITDA growth.  Expectations are certainly low with this #2 market share leader trading for 
only ~5x LTM FCF.  Said different, CARS trades for only ~4x LTM EBITDA and historically traded for ~8x.  We believe 
Tobi will accelerate growth and cause CARS’ valuation multiple to rebound.  We also think the company could attract 
an acquirer given its low valuation, Tobi’s past M&A success, and CARS’ Chairman sold two auto-related businesses. 
 
New Long – Frontdoor (“FTDR”): Pioneer & Leader of Home Warranties 
FTDR’s core product is American Home Shield, which pioneered the home warranty industry in 1971.  In 2018, FTDR 
spun off from ServiceMaster and appointed Bill Cobb as CEO.   U.S. home sales then fell ~20% from 2018 to 2025.  
Despite this major headwind, Bill increased Revenue by ~65% and expanded EBITDA margin by ~500 bps leading to 
~130% EBITDA growth.  He achieved this by transforming FTDR  into a better business .  The company introduced 
dynamic pricing, increased service fees, emphasized its  preferred contractor  network, expanded its direct-to-
consumer channel, and launched its HVAC replacement program.  In December 2024, FTDR also acquired 2-10 Home 
Buyers Warranty to expand into the adjacent home structural warranty market. 
 
Home sales cannot stay depressed forever because household formation is growing and the U.S. is undersupplied 
homes.8  Given its dominant ~50% share in the home warrant y industry , FTDR should benefit from a housing 
recovery.  Housing has recently flipped from a seller’s market to a buyer’s market, which already acts as a tailwind 
to FTDR because more sellers must offer warranties to entice buyers.  Like CARS, expectations are low.  FTDR trades 
Page | 4  
 
for only ~10.5x LTM FCF and ~8.5x EBITDA, which is ~30% below its historical multiple when it was a worse business. 
 
Closing Thoughts 
We thank our Investor Partners for attending another successful Annual Investor Partner Meeting last month.  We 
enjoyed catching up with each of you.  At the event, we described our detailed investment process, highlighted five 
of our largest investments, and outlined our 10 -year track record.  We are excited about the outlook for our 
undervalued portfolio and remain aligned with our Investor Partners. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“The market increasingly appears like a casino where money is wagered over the course of a day, hours, minutes 
or even seconds. This mismatch between stocks, which represent perpetuity interests in businesses that are 
inherently long-term assets, and their temporary ‘owners,’ creates growing opportunities for the patient investor 
with stable capital.”  
 
– Bill Ackman 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Best Regards, 
 
Chris Colvin, CFA  
Founder & Portfolio Manager 
Breach Inlet Capital 

Page | 5  
 
IMPORTANT NOTES AND DISCLAIMERS:  
The information contained herein is provided, on a confidential basis, for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to 
buy or sell an interest in the Partnership, a private investment fund exempt from registration as an investment company pursuant to section 3(c)(1) of the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Company Act”), or any other security.  It is intended solely for the named recipient, who, by 
accepting it, agrees to keep this information confidential.  
Breach Inlet Capital Management, LLC does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of the information.  The 
Partnership has positions in the companies mentioned herein, which may be increased or decreased at any time with no notice to the recipient of this 
information.  An investment in the Partnership is speculative and involves substantial risks, including loss of the entire investment. Additional 
information regarding the Partnership, including fees, expenses and risks of investment, is contained in the offering memorandum for the Partnership 
and related documents and should be carefully reviewed. An offer or solicitation of an investment in the Partnership will only be made to accredited 
investors pursuant to a private placement memorandum and associated documents. Interests in the Partnership can only be purchased by investors 
meeting all the requirements of the Partnership. There can be no guarantee that the Partnership will achieve its investment objectives. The information 
contained in this material does not purport to be complete, is only current as of the date indicated, and may be superseded by subsequent market events 
or for other reasons. 
Interests in the Partnership has not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the securities 
laws of any state and will only be offered and sold in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and such state laws. 
These securities shall not be offered or sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful until the requirements of the 
laws of such jurisdiction have been satisfied. Investors in the Partnership have a limited right to redeem or transfer interests in the Partnership. In 
addition, interests will not be listed on an exchange and it is not expected that there will be a secondary market for interests. 
References are made to the Russell 2000 Value, Russell 2000, and S&P 500 Indexes for comparative purposes only, with the Russell 2000 Index utilized as 
a proxy for the broader market of securities that the Partnership might invest. The Partnership’s portfolio is less diversified than the Russell 2000 Value, 
Russell 2000, and S&P 500 Index. Returns for the Russel 2000 Value, Russell 2000, and S&P 500 Indexes are stated, if at all, as a total return amount which 
includes dividends on a reinvested basis.  Portfolio exposures are presented as of the date indicated and are subject to change. There is no guarantee that 
exposures will be similar in the future and may differ materially from those presented herein.  
Certain information contained herein constitutes “forward-looking statements,” which can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such 
as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “project,” “estimate,” “intend,” “continue,” or “believe,” or the negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events, results or actual performance may differ materially from those 
reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Nothing contained herein may be relied upon as a guarantee, promise, assurance or a 
representation as to the future. 
©2026 Breach Inlet Capital Management, LLC. All rights reserved. This material may not be reproduced, displayed, modified or distributed without the 
permission of Breach Inlet Capital Management, LLC. 
ENDNOTES: 
 
1 Definitions:  
ITD: Annualized average since inception on March 1, 2016. 
Exposure: Gross and Net are calculated on a delta-adjusted basis.  Long (or Short) Exposure = average market value of Longs (or Shorts) 
over quarter (or year) / average NAV.   
Long (or Short) Gross ROI = gross total monthly gains (or losses) of Longs (or Shorts) / average market value of Longs (or Short) over month. 
Then, time-weighted return over the effective period. Excludes expenses, management & incentive fees, options, and warrants. 
Gross Attribution: Longs (or Shorts) Gross Attribution = Long (or Short) ROI x Long (or Short) Exposure.  Then, time-weighted return over 
effective period.   
BIC Net Return (and references to “net return” or “net loss”): Reflect a composite of the average returns applicable to capital accounts in 
each of the classes (Founders, Anchors, Class C, and Class D) (the “Composite”). Composite net return results reflect the deduction of: (i) 1% 
annual Management Fee collected quarterly and accrued monthly and (ii) annual Partnership expenses accrued monthly with an annual cap 
of 0.5%.  Additionally, the Performance Allocation percentages for each class are 5% for Founders, 10% for Anchors, 20% for Class C, and 
20% for Class D respectively. Non-fee paying capital accounts are excluded from the calculation. Net return is presented on a total return 
basis, net of all fees and expenses and includes the reinvestment of all dividends and other income. The effect of using the Composite as 
opposed to the highest applicable performance allocation percentage (20%) is +0.16% monthly, on average from 3/1/2016 to 2/28/2026.  
In addition, actual returns will vary from one investor to the next taking into consideration capital activity and other factors described in the 
Partnership’s governing documents. As such, individual investors may experience materially different returns. A pro forma estimate of all 
historic returns recalculated for various classes is available upon request. Certain performance results may be estimated and unaudited. 
RUT: Russell 2000 Index; RUJ: Russell 2000 Value Index 
2 Benchmark: RUJ (Russell 2000 Value Index); Total Return including dividends reported. 
3 FCF = Adj EBITDA – Stock Comp – Cash Net Interest Expense – Cash Tax – CapEx 
4 Source: BICM estimates and company filings; Cash EPS = (Cap Provision Income + Asset Mgmt Income – OpEx – Int Exp – Taxes) / Shares 
5 FCF (Free Cash Flow)/share = Reported “Adjusted FCF” / Diluted Shares 
6 Based on unique visitors per SimilarWeb from March 2025 to February 2026 
7 SimilarWeb data over the last twelve months, from March 2025 to February 2026 
8 Source: LINK;  LINK
