May 19th, 2026 
Dear Partners,  
Butler Hall Capital LP’s (“Fund”) 2026 first quarter gross and net returns were -4.0% and -4.3%1, 
respectively.  The Fund’s gross exposure averaged 179% during the quarter with net exposure of 47%.  
What began with what we considered a relatively normal market in the first quarter, quickly turned 
negative as the Iran war began in late February.  Energy prices spiked considerably and a broad risk-off 
market ensued.  The Fund’s exposure to small and mid-capitalization investments, as well as our 
exposure to European equities, where markets were hit much harder by the war, underperformed in 
March.  In April, the indices recovered strongly as investors’ focus moved from that of the Strait of 
Hormuz to the incredible earnings growth exhibited from artificial intelligence (Source: Review of 
Markets over April 2026 | J.P. Morgan Asset Management).  While the conflict in Iran remains 
unresolved, it seems clear to us that the market has moved on, taking words of a “deal” repeated daily 
out of the White House at face value. As such, it is our view that investors’ focus has entirely shifted to 
the proliferation and the duration of data center spending in the pursuit of artificial intelligence.  While 
we do not wish to paint an entire investable theme with the same brush, we do believe a significant 
bubble has emerged in the picks and shovel exposed companies across the market.     
For the quarter, the top three contributors to the Fund were Solstice Advanced Materials Inc., Energy 
Transfer LP, and National Presto Industries Inc., contributing 1.6%, 1.2%, and 1.1%, respectively to the 
Fund’s performance.  Overall, the Fund did not make significant changes to the portfolio with respect to 
net and gross exposure, choosing to remain consistent and opportunistic with respect to capital 
allocation.  However, the Fund did exit several energy investments during the quarter, including 
Cheniere Energy Inc. and NextDecade Corporation.   
Chasing the Sun: The Icarus Phase of the AI Cycle: 
As the markets rebounded significantly in April, it has done so in conjunction with a deterioration in 
market breadth (Source: Morgan Stanley PB Research).  In fact, only 23.2% of the S&P 500 Index 
constituents outperformed the benchmark during the month, marking the lowest level since the dotcom 
era (Source: May 1st, 2026 Goldman Sachs research titled “US Equity Views: Sharply Narrowing Breadth is 
a Fragility Signal, Not a Sell Signal”).  The immense investment spending in AI has surged as have the 
valuations of those that benefit from this incredible level of expenditure.  Based on guidance provided 
during the first quarter earnings season, five companies alone (GOOGL, AMZN, MSFT, META, and ORCL) 
intend to spend upwards of $700 billion of capital investment this year.  This staggering statistic equates 
to approximately $300 billion incremental growth and roughly double the dollar growth exhibited in 
2025 (Source: Bloomberg, company public filings).  Simply put, the level of investment spending 
allocated to AI has become so enormous that it now represents a significant portion of US GDP growth.  
In fact, Bank of America noted in a recent report that “AI-related capital expenditure accounted for 
more than 100% of the growth in private business in Q1” (Source: Bank of America “The AI Subsidy: Why 
the S&P is Not the Economy”, 4/30/2026).     
 
1 Net monthly returns are net of all fees to the investor; however, performance of individual investors may vary based upon differing management 
fee and incentive allocation arrangements and the timing of contributions and withdrawals. Performance numbers and other portfolio data were 
prepared by Butler Hall Capital LLC (“Butler Hall”) and have not been compiled, reviewed, or audited by an independent accountant. Performance 
estimates are subject to future adjustment and revision. Each Limited Partner of the Fund will receive individual returns from the Fund’s 
administrator. The information provided is historical and is not a guide to future performance. This document cannot and does not guarantee or 
predict a similar outcome with respect to any future investment. 
 
 
While surging profits tied to this generational investment spend has resulted in stock appreciation for 
many companies exposed to this theme, we are reminded that the intrinsic value of a given equity is 
predicated on the net present value of its future cash flows.  While there will undoubtedly be winners of 
AI investment long-term, we believe it has become inherently risky to pay 30-50x earnings for 
businesses where earnings are solely determined by the investment decisions of a select few companies.  
We feel as though history is rhyming.  Like the late 1990s, earnings growth has accelerated for many 
companies that are beneficiaries of cap ex spending.  However, the return on that spend is uncertain 
and the tech industry has shown that innovation over short periods of time can dramatically alter 
competition and disrupt incumbent business models.  When considering the ambiguity as to the precise 
return on AI spending as well as expectations of significant future technological advancement, we 
believe this is a moment to be cautious.  We have expressed concern over valuation of some of these 
companies in the past few letters, but it is clear to us that current speculation has hit a level that we 
believe to be unsustainable and may lead to substantial losses in the coming years.  When one relies on 
the capital intensity of AI to continue exponentially while ignoring that this is likely the least efficient 
moment prospectively for AI, one assumes a risk that we are simply not willing to underwrite.   
Such speculation is not new to investing, but often, it does not end well for those involved.  It is 
interesting to think that six years ago, during COVID, many worked from home, wore masks, and refused 
to get on planes.  During that time the most attractive stocks in the market were those that were 
software-based and exhibited accelerated revenue and earnings growth.  Many investors that sought 
those short-term earnings beats found themselves deeply in the red when the trends subsided because 
they placed far too large of a weighting on a singular year and underweighted the sustainability of 
growth.  We think the same thing is occurring today as investors focus exclusively on current earnings 
growth yet disregard key facts that might suggest overearning.  We prefer to ask whether a 20% EBIT 
margin is sustainable for a company when it has generated 6% over the past twenty years, or whether a 
company earning a 150% ROE will attract new competition.  In addition to company specific risks, the 
overall concentration of earnings to a singular theme carries substantial risks in itself.  One change in 
technological efficiency or a shift in spending from one hyperscaler could result in a collapse in AI stocks.  
In 2021, when the tide turned on the COVID winners, Butler Hall had its best year in history.  We remain 
huge believers in the enormous potential of AI for society, but like many periods in history, we think the 
market has gotten way ahead of itself for many stocks.   
We also believe there are currently broader risks to the economy and in turn, the stock market if AI 
spending should falter.  The S&P 500 Index currently trades at 21.4x P/E (Source: Bloomberg as of 
5/12/5025), well above historical levels and in the 88th percentile over the past 25 years.  The bull case is 
well understood.  The US economy is accelerating and in turn so are corporate earnings.  While this may 
continue for some time, there are many other risks to consider, from geopolitical, to interest rates, etc.  
As Warren Buffet noted in in his 1986 Letter to Shareholders, be “fearful when others are greedy” and 
“greedy when others are fearful”.  It is quite clear that fear is not prevalent in the current trading 
environment and more likely, greed has become the north star for many investors.   
Sometimes a simple story has meaning when presented in the right context, so we wish to illustrate a 
recent example that highlights today’s speculative market.  There is a company called Allbirds Inc. 
(“BIRD”) that sells a wide variety of shoes.  While we could further expound upon the branding of the 
company, that is not the point of the story.  All one needs to know is that BIRD has not performed well 
over recent years and is likely on the road to obsolescence in time.  Its stock price has fallen, declining 
 
 
98% from 2021 to 2025 (Source: Bloomberg).  However, on the morning of April 15th, 2026, BIRD 
announced the sale of its core shoe assets and disclosed its intent to enter the AI computer business 
through the acquisition of high-performance GPU units.  Yes, you heard this correctly.  The newly 
branded company, NewBird AI, saw its stock soar 582% that day (Source: Bloomberg).  While this 
substantial appreciation could be viewed to be a short-squeeze (Note: Butler Hall has never had nor 
intends to be involved in this name), we believe that was not the sole reason for the move.  AI 
quantitative models have grown in application and scour real-time news across public companies.  We 
think the headline caught the attention of these models and bid the stock up which attracted additional 
quantitative funds and retail investors who aggressively purchased additional shares.  The only thing 
that mattered was that it was now an AI company.  The point of this story is that we think AI has 
unleashed a new type of investor out there in the public markets and that pattern recognition is 
reinforcing buying decisions that may be repeated in the future.  While BIRD’s stock price has come in 
from its highs, it is still up more than 100% since the press release (Source: Bloomberg).  As we see these 
parabolic moves across many stocks, we cannot help but wonder whether investors recognize that, like 
1999, you can’t just sell when the music stops.  While that mindset has always been a component of 
stock market trading, it can ultimately end badly for those that couldn’t help but gamble.  Contrast that 
mindset to what we do at Butler Hall.  The Fund places a significant weighting on the cash flows our 
investments generate and allocates capital with a three-to-five-year investment horizon.  As we have in 
the past, we continue to maintain a steady helm, seeking to allocate capital that will generate the best 
risk adjusted returns for our investors.      
Thank you for your continued support. 
 
 
Bradley Lundy 
Managing Member, 
Butler Hall Capital, LLC 
 
 
Disclaimer  
 
This information in this letter is being provided on a confidential basis, for informational purposes only 
and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy any securities. Any 
reproduction or other distribution of this letter, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of 
Butler Hall Capital LLC (“Butler Hall” or “BHC” or “we”) is prohibited.  
 
Securities of the Fund are offered to selected investors only by means of a complete offering 
memorandum and related subscription materials which contain significant additional information about 
the terms of an investment in the Fund.  
 
The information contained herein reflects the opinions and projections of Butler Hall as of the date of 
publication, which are subject to change without notice at any time subsequent to the date of issue. 
Butler Hall does not represent that any opinion, projection, forecast, or estimate will be realized. In 
addition, matters they describe are subject to known (and unknown) risks, uncertainties and other 
unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond the Fund’s or Butler Hall’s control. No representations 
or warranties are made as to the accuracy of such forward looking statements. It can be expected that 
some or all of such forward-looking assumptions will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual 
results. Accordingly, any projections are only estimates and actual results will differ and may vary 
substantially from the projections or estimates shown.  
 
The graphs, charts and other visual aids are provided for informational purposes only. None of these 
graphs, charts or visual aids can and of themselves be used to make investment decisions. No 
representation is made that these will assist any person in making investment decisions and no graph, 
chart or other visual aid can capture all factors and variables required in making such decisions. 
 
References to market or composite indices, benchmarks, or other measures of relative market 
performance over a specified period of time may be presented to show general trends in the markets 
for the applicable period and are not intended to imply that the Fund's portfolio is benchmarked to any 
indices either in composition or level of risk. Benchmark data is provided for comparative purposes only. 
Reference or comparison to an index does not imply that the portfolio will be constructed in the same 
way as an index or achieve returns, volatility, or other results similar to the index.  
 
In addition, the description herein of the approach of Butler Hall and the targeted characteristics of its 
strategies and investments is based on current expectations and should not be considered definitive or a 
guarantee that the approaches, strategies, and investment portfolio will, in fact, possess these 
characteristics. In addition, the description herein of the Fund’s risk management strategies is based on 
current expectations and should not be considered definitive or a guarantee that such strategies will 
reduce all risk. These descriptions are based on information available as of the date of preparation of 
this document, and the description may change over time. All information provided is for informational 
purposes only and should not be deemed as investment advice or a recommendation to purchase or sell 
any specific security. While the information presented herein is believed to be reliable and has been 
obtained from public sources believed to be reliable, no representation or warranty is made concerning 
the accuracy of any data presented. All trade names, trademarks, and service marks herein are the 
property of their respective owners who retain all proprietary rights over their use.  
 
An investment in any strategy, including the strategy described herein, involves a high degree of risk. 
There is no guarantee that the investment objective will be achieved. Past performance of these 
 
 
strategies is not necessarily indicative of future results. There is the possibility of loss, and all investment 
involves risk including the loss of principal.
