Carnatic Capital LLC 
25 Broadway, 10th Floor 
New York, NY 10004 
 
 
To:  Limited Partners of Carnatic Partners LP 
From:  Arun K. Gollakota, CFA 
Date:  April 17, 2026 
Re:  First Quarter of 2026 
 
Fellow partners, 
 
In the first quarter of 2026, Carnatic Partners LP returned +8.59% to Series B interests, net 
of fees and expenses. In the twelve months ended March 31, 2026, the partnership’s net return to 
Series B interests was +2.98%. From inception on April 1, 2024  through March 31, 2026 , the 
partnership’s net return to Series B interests was +5.45%. 
 
 3 months 
ended 
Mar 31, 2026 
12 months 
ended 
Mar 31, 2026 
Since 
inception on 
Apr 1, 2024 
Carnatic Partners LP:    
Series B interests, net return 8.59% 2.98% 5.45% 
Series A interests, net return 8.66% 3.23% 6.44% 
Anchor interests, net return 8.66% 3.23% 6.94% 
Gross return 9.07% 4.79% 13.44% 
Russell 2000 Total Return Index 0.89% 25.72% 20.69% 
S&P SmallCap 600 Total Return Index 3.51% 20.50% 16.42% 
 
Is spring finally arriving? After enduring a chilly winter in 2025, in the first quarter of 2026 
our young partnership had its second -best quarter since  its inception. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 
Index returned about -4% and the Nasdaq Composite Index returned roughly -7%. So, as usual, 
our partnership’s portfolio seems uncorrelated with the stock market indexes. That is logical, since 
our long-term, concentrated, contrarian investment approach is very different from the indexes, as 
well as from the approaches taken by typical active investors. Our goal has always been to earn 
strong absolute after-tax net returns over multi-year periods. Each year, fewer investors appear to 
target this commonsense goal. But differentiated long-term returns can usually only be earned with 
a differentiated approach, like ours. When stock markets are heavily momentum-driven, like last 
year, having a differentiated approach can make one temporarily appear out of step. But over the 
long term, marching to the beat of our own drum seems likely to be a major advantage. 
 
Our partnership’s strong first quarter return was driven primarily by increases in the prices 
of some of our long investments. Our short investments and hedges also contributed. So far in the 
second quarter, our portfolio has risen modestly further. But our focus is on the long run, not on 
one quarter or year. In my judgment, our nice start to the year represents only a fraction of the 
substantial additional upside potential in our portfolio . Our companies are growing rapidly  and 
profitably. They have durable competitive advantages, strong balance sheets, and rising free cash 
flow. They should also benefit from the AI revolution and be largely unaffected by macroeconomic 
volatility. Yet most of them trade at deeply discounted valuations. Therefore, on a long-term basis, 
our partnership’s portfolio looks particularly attractive now. 
 
 2 
In fact, our portfolio now seems more attractive on a long-term fundamental basis than the 
U.S. stock market indexes. The major indexes trade near multi -decade high valuations  despite 
myriad risks. The indexes’ largest companies, which previously generated prodigious free cash 
flow, now generate relatively little of it; some are now burning cash. These companies are spending 
heavily on AI-related infrastructure, as they must, to defend against disruptive competitive threats. 
Meanwhile, providers of some major “passive” index es have changed or are debating changing 
their methodologies to be able to include shares of some AI-linked companies that reportedly plan 
to IPO later this year. Those companies normally would be ineligible for index inclusion so soon; 
and generally, unprofitable companies are ineligible for inclusion in the S&P 500 Index . If they 
are included anyway, then these IPOs may further increase the indexes’ exposure to cash-burning 
companies. Other companies in the indexes are sensitive to commodity prices, which have risen 
sharply and may remain somewhat elevated. Still other companies are sensitive to discretionary 
consumer spending, which may eventually be pressured by higher energy costs. Meanwhile, many 
public companies are sensitive to elevated interest rates, since they carry debt on their balance 
sheets, or they have lent money to private companies whose paper valuations no longer reflect 
reality, or their business plans depend on their ability to raise ever-larger sums of new capital.  
 
Fortunately, our companies and our portfolio should not be very sensitive to these risks. So 
instead, we can stay focused on our companies’ fundamental business progress and their execution 
of their long-term value creation plans. Last year, the stock prices of many of our companies fell 
sharply, disconnecting from their rising fundamental values. In my opinion, t hat disconnect has 
created several compelling  long-term opportunities for our partnership. We have responded 
accordingly, by adding to several of our existing investments and making new ones that also fit 
our core investment strategy. Since inception, our partnership’s strategy has been to make long-
term investments in companies that are undergoing positive change and that have concrete, multi-
year value creation plans. In recent weeks, there have been notable developments at some of our 
portfolio companies that I believe validate our long-term fundamental strategy, more powerfully 
than short-term returns can. These developments share a common theme. 
 
Over the past several weeks, three of our portfolio companies have agreed to be acquired. 
First, in early March, Talkspace—a leading provider of virtual mental health services and our 
partnership’s largest investment—agreed to be acquired at a premium for cash by Universal Health 
Services, an owner and operator of acute care and behavioral healthcare facilities.  We initially 
purchased shares of Talkspace in the summer of 2024 and subsequently added to our investment 
repeatedly on dips in the company’s stock price. On the day before the acquisition announcement, 
Talkspace’s shares were our largest investment, at more than 17% of our capital. Assuming 
Talkspace’s acquisition closes as expected in the third quarter, our partnership should earn a return 
on its investment of more than 120% over roughly two years, representing an annualized return of 
about 54%.  As you might guess from my discussions of Talkspace  in previous letters, I have 
mixed feelings about this announced acquisition.  We earned a sizable profit at an outstanding 
annualized rate of return. And technically, the company is being sold at a  near-term valuation 
premium to other companies in its industry. However, the acquirer  still seems to be getting a 
bargain on a long-term basis. And, while we made good money, we will not benefit further from 
Talkspace’s continued growth and rising profitability. (Depending on the exact closing date, most 
or all of our Talkspace shares should be eligible for long-term capital gains tax treatment.) 
 
 3 
Second, in early April, Blackline Safety—an innovative Canadian company that provides 
hardware-enabled software-as-a-service solutions for the industrial safety market—agreed to be 
acquired at a premium by a private equity firm, for cash plus a contingent value right (which I will 
explain in a bit more detail later ). I have not yet had the chance to introduce this company, so I 
will do so briefly later in this letter. We initially purchased shares of Blackline in late May 2025; 
we bought more shares during the spring and summer of last year, and then again in January 2026, 
each time on dips in the company’s stock price. On the day before the acquisition announcement, 
shares of Blackline represented about 4% of our portfolio . Assuming the acquisition closes as 
expected later this quarter, our partnership should earn a total return  on its investment of at least 
24%. I have mixed feelings about this announced acquisition as well. We earned a nice return for 
a one-year investment. But I had hoped that we could eventually build an even larger position in 
the company and profit more substantially from its continued growth over the next several years. 
(Depending on the exact closing date, it is possible that more than half of our Blackline shares may 
be eligible for long-term capital gains tax treatment.) 
 
Third, and coincidentally on the same day as Blackline’s announced acquisition, Assertio 
Therapeutics—a U.S. specialty pharmaceutical company —also announced that it agreed to be 
acquired for cash  plus a contingent value right (another one!) by a privately -owned specialty 
pharmaceutical company. Assertio’s announced acquisition will be immaterial to our partnership’s 
returns, for two reasons. First, we had only just begun purchasing Assertio’s shares , so this 
investment was only about a 1% position for us. And second, the company agreed to be acquired 
for a very cheap price essentially equal to our cost basis. (Since this investment has ended up being 
immaterial for us, I will spare you  my further thoughts, which are primarily frustrations around 
the misaligned incentives of the company’s board and management team .) So, Assertio’s 
announced acquisition was a mildly annoying surprise, while the other two announced acquisitions 
were at least profitable surprises. 
 
Once these three acquisitions close, five of our partnership’s portfolio companies will have 
been acquired within a little more than two years. As you may recall, our two previously acquired 
companies were Despegar.com, the leading online travel agency in Latin America, and iCAD, an 
AI-powered radiology software company . In aggregate, our investments in these companies 
represented 35% of our capital,  measured as of the close of each trading day following each 
acquisition announcement. In my opinion, five acquisitions in two years, of more than one-third 
of our portfolio in total, are enough to merit a comment. 
 
Usually, one of the greatest difficulties in evaluating long-term, concentrated investors is 
that several years must pass , and many investments must be made,  before one can opine with 
confidence on whether  an investor may have  any real edge or insight . Many of the greatest 
investors have observed that returns over periods of three, five, and even ten years can be 
influenced dramatically by luck, randomness, or bull or bear markets in certain investment styles, 
stock sectors, or industries. That is part of the reason that I emphasize in each of my letters that we 
must focus on the long term and not be distracted by short-term returns or stock price volatility—
which usually represent more noise than signal. 
 
However, the growing number of acquisitions of Carnatic’s portfolio companies within a 
relatively short period of time may be providing early validation of our partnership’s investment 
 
 4 
strategy. The five companies that we have owned through their announced acquisitions have been 
in five different industries: healthcare services, industrial technology, specialty pharmaceuticals, 
consumer internet, and medical software. The five companies have also been in different stages of 
their lifecycles. Blackline and iCAD were earlier-stage companies that were growing quickly and 
were only beginning to inflect toward sustained profitability. Talkspace and Despegar.com were 
in the “meatier” phases of their value creation: they were already quite profitable, and they were 
growing quickly while expanding their profit margins. Assertio was a more mature, undervalued 
company that pivoted toward unlocking and crystallizing value. We invest with a concentrated 
approach, typically owning shares in only ten to fifteen companies at a time . In a portfolio as 
concentrated as ours, five announced acquisitions in two years seem to send a strong signal that 
our partnership may be hunting in the right places, and that we may be able to repeatedly and 
durably profit from certain investment edges or insights over time. 
 
Of course, the returns to these insights do not all arrive quickly, or at the same time, or in 
the same manner. We do not make investments in companies with the hope or expectation that our 
companies will be acquired . In fact, in most of these five examples, I would have preferred our 
companies to continue growing as independent public companies for years longer. That way, rather 
than paying capital gains taxes , and needing to replace these investments with new investments 
that also meet our strict criteria , we could continue compounding our capital for years, thereby 
substantially increasing our after-tax returns.  
 
But by design, the potential for our companies to be acquired serves as a backstop for our 
investments. There are always periods during which the public markets persistently undervalue or 
overvalue certain companies, for a range of reasons . In my opinion, in recent years these market 
inefficiencies have become more pervasive and severe, not less. These inefficiencies are exactly 
the opportunities that our partnership was formed to exploit . Financial market s peculators who 
trade meme stocks, or shares of chronically unprofitable companies, or shares of companies that 
trade at nonsensical valuations, do not benefit the way we do from the backstop of a potential 
acquisition, especially when market euphoria cools . That is  because speculative companies are 
highly unlikely to be acquired by economic actors in the real world. Unlike speculators, operating 
companies and private equity firms typically only acquire companies that are strategically and 
financially attractive for them to own . The companies they acquire typically have something 
special to offer that the acquirers cannot easily or cheaply replicate  themselves. In other words, 
real acquirers typically buy profitable, growing companies that have real competitive advantages. 
 
Buying shares of profitable, growing companies that have real competitive advantages —
and trade at attractive valuations —is core to our investment approach . We take this approach 
because it should asymmetrically skew the long-term risk-reward of each of our investments in 
our favor. For example, in an ideal downside case, we might invest in a company only to have it 
acquired away from us too soon. But in such a case, by exercising valuation discipline, we should 
ideally still be able to earn a modest profit in the form of an acquisition premium. Examples of 
such cases include our investments in Blackline Safety and iCAD. Conversely, in an ideal upside 
case, the value of our investment in a company might compound continuously  (and without 
interruption by tax payments) for years along with that company’s revenue, earnings, and free cash 
flow. The current best example of such a case is our investment in Eton Pharmaceuticals. 
 
 5 
In summary, we do not seek to gamble. A gambler’s odds are stacked in the house’s favor. 
Our long-term investment strategy is to only seek to play when the odds seem stacked in our favor: 
heads, we win big; tails, we win only a little . Of course, not every investment we make will be 
profitable, despite my best efforts. But, over time, on average, our goal is to win big and lose small. 
 
Companies that are growing quickly and have real competitive advantages can persistently 
trade too cheaply in the public markets …but usually only for a while. In my judgment, that is 
currently the case with respect to virtually all our remaining portfolio companies. In mid-April, six 
of our portfolio companies, in aggregate representing more than 40% of our capital, traded at 
valuations of close to 10 times their estimated free cash flow this year or next year , compared to 
about 28 t imes forward free cash flow for the S&P 500 Index. Five of these companies should 
generate sustained revenue growth of at least a high teens percentage rate—much faster than the 
S&P 500—with even faster earnings growth. (The sixth company is not growing quickly, but it is 
steadily unlocking value by selling assets and repurchasing its own shares at cheap prices.) Further, 
each of these companies has a clean or nearly clean balance sheet : three have large piles of cash 
and no debt, and the other three have slight net cash or negligible net debt. 
 
The principal reasons that our companies’ shares are currently out of favor with investors 
seem more related to stock market trends than company fundamentals. For example, valuations in 
three of the industries that are most relevant to our portfolio have fallen sharply: f rom our 
partnership’s inception through the end of the first quarter of 2026, various indexes of healthcare 
services stocks, payments stocks, and software stocks fell between 15% and 21%, while the overall 
market rose. (Our partnership’s portfolio has risen moderately over this period despite facing these 
stiff industry headwinds.) Our portfolio has also faced headwinds from violent style and factor 
rotations within the stock market . For example, a n index of “secular growth ” companies—
companies like ours, with consistently quick revenue growth—has lagged the S&P 500 by more 
than 25 percentage points in just the six months ended mid -April. Further, the valuation of this 
“secular growth” company index, relative to the S&P 500 , has fallen to near its lowest levels in 
fifteen years. These ferocious stock market rotations have been extreme  by historical st andards. 
Clearly, our partnership has faced a n unusually challenging market backdrop in its early going . 
Conversely, this same backdrop offers us an enormous long-term opportunity. 
 
Our companies’ stock prices and valuations do not seem likely to remain at their currently 
depressed levels indefinitely. Eventually, because their revenues and earnings are growing rapidly, 
they should be re-valued sharply upwards by public market investors . If they are not  revalued 
appropriately, then eventually they too may be acquired for premiums by operating companies or 
private equity firms . In either event, our partnership  is in a strong position to  eventually profit, 
either moderately or substantially. Our nice first quarter return was driven mostly by the modest 
revaluations of just two of our companies , Talkspace and  Eton. If even a few more of our 
companies start to be revalued upward, then our concentrated portfolio is likely to do very well. 
 
Since our Talkspace, Blackline, and Assertio shares should all soon be exchanged for cash, 
our portfolio effectively now has low gross exposure and moderate net exposure. I am currently 
working hard to redeploy our incoming cash into other attractive long-term opportunities. As usual, 
I intend to do so methodically. In the meantime, I took other measures to quickly increase our net 
exposure following these acquisition announcements and the recent market selloff. For example, 
 
 6 
as the selloff in software stocks reached a crescendo, I monetized our entire hedge against the 
software industry at a nice profit. It is possible that I did so too early, of course. But the valuations 
of software companies have now fallen precipitously. At least s ome (but not all) of these 
companies seem quite likely to be good long -term investments from here. Our main bet in this 
industry continues to be on Cellebrite, which appears to be one of the most attractively valued of 
all publicly traded software companies  in the context of its exceptional profitability , fortress 
balance sheet, many barriers to competition, and strong growth prospects.  We also exited a few 
other short positions and hedges.  Our revamped index option hedge structure has been working 
nicely as intended, by paying off during market declines, not costing us much during junk rallies, 
and being both capital-efficient and tax-efficient for us. 
 
In sum, I am quite optimistic about our partnership’s portfolio and long-term prospects. As 
you know, my money is where my mouth is: invested right alongside yours. (You may also recall 
that I added to my personal investment in th e partnership at the start of the third quarter of last 
year.) Our companies are profitable, growing quickly, have durable competitive advantages, and 
are undergoing positive chang e. And yet, they currently trade exceptionally cheaply, for reasons 
that seem largely non-fundamental. Over the long term, these unsustainable divergences seem 
likely to convert into sizable additional profits for us . Below, I will introduce one of our newer 
investments, which is Remitly. I will then briefly discuss our Blackline investment.  
 
 
** 
 
Our fifth largest investment, at about 9% of capital as of quarter -end, is in the shares of 
Remitly. Headquartered in Seattle, Washington, Remitly is a leading provider of digital 
international money transfers. The company offers fast, easy, and cost-effective digital remittances 
to immigrants in more than 30 countries who routinely send money home to family members in 
more than 170 countries worldwide. 
 
Remitly is grouped in stock databases along with other financial companies . But unlike 
lenders or insurers, Remitly takes very little credit or underwriting risk in its core business. And 
unlike credit card processors or capital markets firms, whose revenues rise and fall with consumer 
spending or financial markets , Remitly ’s revenue is much more  predictable and more closely 
resembles the recurring revenue of a subscription business. 
 
Remitly’s business is relatively predictable because its  more than  nine million active  
customers are primarily immigrants who habitually and consistently send money home to family 
members, for non-discretionary needs like food, rent, and medical expenses. These customers send 
money digitally through Remitly’s  mobile app. Recipients then collect the transferred funds 
through a bank account, mobile wallet, or one of nearly half a million physical cash pickup 
locations in Remitly’s global network. Remitly earns a small fee on each transfer. As the company 
has scaled, it has consistently lowered its fees while simultaneously improving its geographical 
coverage, transfer speed, and ease of use. That is why Remitly’s mobile app is rated at 4.8 or 4.9 
stars by millions of users on both major mobile app stores , and the company has retained a high, 
rising, and predictable share of its users and send volume over many years. 
 
 7 
The long-term thesis underlying our investment in Remitly is simple. The company is a 
primary beneficiary of the ongoing long-term shift toward digital remittances , and away  from 
costly and inconvenient legacy cash transfer agents  like those of Western Union  and others . 
Remitly’s market share  has increased rapidly since its founding in 2011. But it still holds only 
about a 3% share of the $2 trillion global remittance market. If the company continues to execute 
its clear multi -year business plan, then its market share, revenue, earnings, valuation, and stock 
price should all increase sharply further over the next several years. 
 
Remitly’s revenue and earnings growth is supported by a few other structural tailwinds, in 
addition to the long-term shift to  digital remittances . One tailwind is that Remitly is counter-
positioned against competitors that are not incentivized to seriously compete. Remitly’s primary 
competitors are legacy cash transfer companies like Western Union . (Banks are largely absent 
from the remittance market: international money transfers are a fraud -risk-intensive, low-dollar 
business serving a customer base that is typically not wealthy enough for meaningful cross-selling 
of other financial services .) These legacy companies are very profitable, but their revenues are 
declining as they lose market share to digital competitors  like Remitly. These legacy companies 
carry large debt loads and currently pay sizable dividends, both of which they must fund from their 
cash flows. So, these companies have a limited ability to sacrifice their short-term cash flows to 
make the necessary long-term investments to develop, maintain, and grow their own effective 
digital competitors to Remitly. Further, digital remittances carry a much lower fee than legacy cash 
transfers. So, if a legacy competitor pushed its cash customers to rapidly migrate to its own lower-
cost digital services, then that company’s short-term profits—and its ability to continue servicing 
its financial obligations—would fall sharply. In short, Remitly’s legacy cash transfer competitors 
seem trapped by the combination of their own historical success , their aggressive financial 
engineering, and their lack of innovation and adaptation. 
 
Another tailwind to Remitly ’s growth is from the company’s economies of scale  and 
network effects . Remitly has spent 15 years building its hard-to-replicate global disbursement 
network: obtaining money transmitter licenses across dozens of jurisdictions, building direct 
integrations with local banks and mobile wallets worldwide, and establishing or partnering with 
hundreds of thousands of local cash pickup locations. Remitly also has a competitive advantage in 
fraud detection and pr evention, which is one of the critical operating costs of a money transfer 
business. In previous years, legacy cash transfer companies have paid large fines for inadvertently 
facilitating scams, money laundering, and human trafficking. By not accepting untraceable cash, 
Remitly lowers its risk of being ensnared in  similar controversies. More importantly, as Remitly 
has grown to handle $75 billion of  digital send volume annually, it has built sophisticated, 
specialized, AI-assisted fraud detection models trained on transaction patterns across the millions 
of international transfers that it routinely handles . These models improve continuously as the 
company scales and adds further to its library of proprietary transaction data. 
 
Despite Remitly’s attractive long-term investment characteristics , the company ’s stock 
price and valuation fell roughly 50% from its recent peak in February 2025 through the end of last 
year—when we began purchasing shares. Three principal factors seem to have driven this decline. 
Of these factors, two seem misplaced or overblown, and the third is already being resolved. 
 
 
 8 
First, some investors have grown fearful that stablecoins—digital tokens pegged to the U.S. 
dollar—could disintermediate Remitly’s business by enabling near-free international remittances. 
This fear is rooted in a misunderstanding of the true costs of international remittances. Transferring 
stablecoins between two digital wallets is indeed nearly free. But converting the sender’s dollars 
into stablecoins at the start of the transaction, and then converting those stablecoins back into the 
recipient’s local currency at the end, together  usually cost at least as much as the roughly 2% 
average cost that Remitly already offers its customers. The primary corridors where stablecoins 
are cheaper are those between two hyperinflationary economies where consumers in both countries 
already transact in crypto in dail y life—a tiny fraction of global remittance volume. Meanwhile, 
Remitly is now using stablecoins as backend settlement infrastructure to reduce its own transaction 
costs in a much larger number of corridors. The company has already reported meaningful profit 
margin improvements from doing so . Stablecoins therefore should be a durable profit margin 
expansion opportunity over the long term for Remitly, not a competitive threat. 
 
Investors’ second concern is the shift in U.S. immigration policy. The move toward more 
restrictive enforcement of immigration law is real. It probably played some role in Remitly’s more 
conservative guidance late last year that its revenue growth might slow from  around 30% annual 
growth to closer to 20%  annually over the next few years.  But Remitly ’s business should be 
substantially insulated from this policy shift. Remitly only accepts digital payments from senders, 
not cash. So, its customers are almost entirely documented immigrants with bank accoun ts and 
legal employment —the segment of immigrants that should be  least affected by enforcement 
actions targeting undocument ed immigra nts. Remitly’s rapid market share gains should also 
remain large enough to overwhelm any short-term reduction in overall remittance volume. For 
example, the company’s send volume in the U.S.-Mexico corridor grew rapidly in 2025, even as 
total remittance volumes in that corridor fell. In fact, Remitly’s market share gains may accelerate 
further, following the imposition this year of a new 1% U.S. excise tax on cash remittances—from 
which digital transfers like Remitly’s are exempted. 
 
The third concern that investors seem to have had is with Remitly ’s historical financial 
discipline and capital allocation priorities. This concern is the most legitimate of the three—but it 
has already mostly been resolved. For much of its life as a public company, Remitly prioritized 
growth over profitability, spending aggressively on marketing and engineering while posting 
consistent net losses  and diluting its shareholders . That approach mostly made sense during the 
company’s earlier land -grab phase of growth. But recent changes at the company clearly 
demonstrate that Remitly has pivoted toward its next phase: profitable growth. 
 
In February, Remitly reported that in 2025 its revenue grew 29%, but its adjusted EBITDA 
(earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization) nearly doubled, its free cash flow 
tripled, and it generated its first f ull year of GAAP net income. It also reported its highest-ever 
quarterly adjusted EBITDA margin, meeting its previously stated 2028 margin target more than 
two years ahead of schedule. As a percentage of the company’s revenue, every operating cost line 
improved, reflecting the company’s ability to generate substantial profits already, even though it 
should grow to a n even larger scale over time . Remitly’s guidance for its 2026 revenue and 
adjusted EBITDA also exceeded analysts’ consensus estimates at that time. 
 
 
 9 
Simultaneously, t he company began reducing the rate at which it issues new shares to 
employees, it repurchased its own shares on the open market for the first time (at cheap valuations); 
and it indicated that it expected to accelerate its share repurchases this year. Finally, Remitly’s 
founder announced that he would make a planned move from CEO to the role of Chairman and be 
replaced by a  CEO with many years running large, highly profitable payments and financial 
services operations, including as a senior executive at Amazon.  Based on past patterns  at other 
highly innovative rapid-growth companies, this shift in operational decision-making—from the 
relatively unconstrained leadership of a visionary founder to leadership by an accomplished,  
disciplined financial operator—has the potential to catalyze significant shareholder returns in the 
form of both better profitability and valuation expansion over the coming years. 
 
Despite its rapid growth and expanding profit margins, at the time of our initial purchases 
Remitly traded at only around 10 times its likely 2026 free cash flow. Following its stellar earnings 
report in February, Remitly’s shares rose roughly 25%. But because the company’s profitability 
and 2026 guidance also rose sharply, its valuation did not meaningfully increase from the very 
cheap levels of our initial purchases . Therefore, over the several weeks following the earnings 
report, we bought more shares of Remitly on subsequent minor dips in the company’s stock price. 
 
Since our more recent purchases, Remitly ’s shares have risen further  and are now one of 
our larger investments—as they ought to be, in my judgment . Remitly has a clean bala nce sheet 
with a large pile of cash that it is using to repurchase its own shares at valuations that look very 
cheap, offering us substantial fundamental long-term downside protection. Meanwhile, the 
company’s revenue growth should remain quick for many years . Additionally, while Remitly’s 
profit margins have risen, they are still well below the profit margins of comparable companies  
and seem likely to rise further over the next few years. The company has also begun expanding its 
offerings to higher-income consumers who send larger amounts of money, and to entrepreneurs 
and small businesses. These initiatives  have the potential to begin contributing meaningfully to 
total revenue in the coming years  as well. So, over the next several years, our partnership should 
profit nicely from Remitly’s continued growth and valuation expansion. 
 
 
** 
 
One of our departing investments, at 4% of our capital at quarter -end, is in the s hares of 
Blackline Safety. B ased in Calgary, A lberta, Blackline  offers hardware-enabled software -as-a-
service solutions for the industrial safety market. B lackline’s flagship offer ings are wearable 
devices and area monitors for hazardous gas detection and lone worker protection, bundled with 
cloud-based software-as-a-service for real-time monitoring, emergency re sponse, analytics, and 
compliance reporting. The company ’s CEO  is a veteran of the gas detection industry who 
previously built and sold a  pioneering competitor to the industrial giant Honeywell. Blackline is 
categorized in stock databases as a Canadian electronic hardware and components manufacturer. 
But the company now generates most of its revenue outside Canada. And nearly two-thirds of its 
revenue is now higher-margin recurring revenue from software and services, which  are tightly 
integrated with its innovative hardware devices. Blackline competes with a few legacy incumbent 
industrial hardware companies, which offer products with limited connectivity that significantly 
lag those of Blackline’s innovative, integrated, cloud-connected, hardware-software ecosystem. 
 
 10 
We began purchasing Blackline’s shares last May . Over the next several months , the 
company’s stock price remained rangebound, allowing us to periodically buy more shares on dips. 
But I limited the size of our investment primarily for two reasons. First, while the company had a 
solid balance sheet and was close to breakeven, it had not yet reached sustained profitability. 
Second, it seemed unclear when the company’s revenue growth might reaccelerate. Later in 2025, 
the price of oil generally weakened, dampening demand from Blackline’s oil and gas customers, 
which generate about one-third of the company’s revenue. Then, while the price of oil surged this 
year, Blackline began rolling out an advanced new hardware product. By adding new functionality, 
this hardware product should enable significant growth in the range of connectivity and integrated 
software services that Blackline can offer over the long term. But in the short term, its rollout 
might lead customers to pause their previous plans to buy the company’s older products. The 
conflict in the Middle East also seemed to have the potential to disrupt the operations of Blackline’s 
customers there. I therefore anticipated that we might get opportunities to add substantially to our 
investment on potential additional pullbacks in the company’s stock price this year. 
 
Instead, the company chose to be acquired at a 27% premium to its prior day ’s closing 
stock price by a private equity firm , for cash plus a contingent value right  (CVR). The CVR has 
the potential to pay us additional cash payments  depending on whether the company’s annual 
recurring revenue reaches certain levels by a measurement date in late 2027. On a short-term basis, 
we seem to be getting an acceptable price for our shares, mainly because the company is not yet 
very profitable. But Blackline clearly has significant long-term growth potential, from which we 
will no longer be able to benefit much. The private equity firm ’s inclusion of the CVR , which 
offers shareholders some modest further upside participation in the company ’s growth, suggests 
that the acquirer knows this too.  It is also notable that the company ’s largest shareholders —the 
family offices of two prominent businesspeople—and its CEO have chosen to roll their 
investments into the acquiring entity rather than taking cash now. Since Blackline is being acquired 
away from us a little earlier than I would like, we earned only a 24% return on our investment in 
one year, rather than a potentially much larger return over many years.  
 
 
** 
 
Thank you again for your trust and confidence. I look forward to updating you on our 
partnership’s further progress next quarter. In the meantime, please feel free to contact me with 
any questions or comments. 
 
 
 
Arun K. Gollakota, CFA 
Managing Partner 
Carnatic Capital LLC 
arun@carnaticcap.com 
(929) 484-2890 
 
 11 
Appendix A 
Carnatic Partners LP Portfolio Data as of March 31, 2026 
 
 
 
CONTRIBUTION TO RETURN (GROSS) 3 months ended March 31, 2026 
     Long 7.21% 
     Short 1.86% 
Gross return 9.07% 
Series B interests, net return 8.59% 
 
 
 
PORTFOLIO EXPOSURE (DELTA-ADJUSTED) % of equity on March 31, 2026 
     Long exposure 95.0% 
     Short exposure (12.1%) 
  
Gross exposure (long + short) 107.0% 
Net exposure (long - short) 82.9% 
  
Adjusted for Talkspace’s pending acquisition:  
     Adjusted gross exposure (long + short) 89.2% 
     Adjusted net exposure (long - short) 65.1% 
 
 
  
 
 12 
Appendix B: Disclosures 
 
 
Confidentiality.  This document is confidential.  It is being provided to you on the condition that it not be forwarded, copied or 
otherwise distributed without the prior written consent of Carnatic Capital LLC (“Carnatic”).   
 
No Offer or Solicitation; No Duty to Update.  The only purpose of this letter is to provide general information on Carnatic and 
Carnatic Partners LP (the “Partnership”).  This document is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy any securities.  
Neither Carnatic nor any of its affiliates assumes any duty to update any information in this document for subsequent changes  of 
any kind and its contents may change or be corrected at any time without notice to investors.  Carnatic may pursue any objectives, 
employ any techniques or make any investment that it considers appropriate and in the Partnership’s best interests. 
 
Forward Looking Statements and Methodology .  This document contains forward -looking statements based on Carnatic’s 
expectations and projections about, among other things, its investment strategy, investment selection criteria, processes and target 
or expected returns and certain statements herein reflect Carnatic’s beliefs and opinions. Such statements are not guarantees of 
future performance or statements of fact and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict.  
Carnatic’s actual investment strategy and any investor returns could differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied 
in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Although Carnatic believes that during the periods for which the 
performance is shown, the Partnership was managed with an investment philosophy and methodology similar to what Carnatic will 
continue to use to manage the Partnership, future investments for the Partnership may be made under different economic conditions 
and in different securities and Carnatic may employ techniques and invest in instruments that differ from those employed for the 
returns presented.  It should not be assumed that investors will experience returns, if any, comparable to those shown. 
 
Index Comparison.  Carnatic compares the Partnership’s performance to the S&P 500 Index, Russell 2000 Total Return Index, 
Russell 2000 Value Total Return Index , Russell 2000 Growth Total Return Index  and S&P SmallCap 600 Total Return Index  
because investors typically request performance comparisons to such general U.S. equity market indexes and indexes that are 
focused on smaller capitalization companies and therefore may more closely resemble the types of companies in Carnatic’s 
portfolio than the companies in the S&P 500 Index.  Nevertheless, Carnatic believes that no index provides a relevant comparison 
to the Partnership’s investment strategy or performance.  The indices shown are significantly more diversified (across companies, 
industries and sectors) than the Partnership, are unmanaged and do not reflect any short sales, hedging or margin trading.  B y 
contrast, Carnatic concentrates its investments in relatively few stocks, industries, or sectors, may invest in stocks that have smaller 
or larger market capitalizations and that are more or less volatile than the companies in those indices, expects to engage in  short 
sales and hedging and may engage in margin t rading.  Performance data for the indices reflect reinvestment of income but do not 
reflect the deduction of any transaction or management fees or costs. 
 
Performance Related Disclosures.  The Series B net performance is for a representative, new issue eligible investor who has not 
made withdrawals or additional contributions, net of a 1.5% management fee, 20% incentive allocation, and expenses.  Returns 
presented are for the period indic ated and returns experienced by individual investors will vary depending on their date of initial 
investment, different management and incentive allocation arrangements (Series A investors are subject to lower fees/allocations) 
and subsequent contributions and withdrawals.  In calculating these returns, management fees have been deducted as if payable in 
each period shown, rather than quarterly and performance allocations (as adjusted due to a “high water mark”) have been deducted 
as if allocable in each period shown, rather than annually. Returns include the reinvestment of all dividends, interest and c apital 
gains. 
 
Contribution.  Gross return contribution estimates the percent contribution that a segment contributes to or detracts from the 
Partnership based on that segment's gross gain or loss in the period. Gross return contribution figures do not reflect the ef fect of 
management fees, incentive allocations or fund expenses.  An investor’s actual net return will be reduced by such items and will 
be reported reflecting any other profits, losses or other items allocated to an investor. 
 
Exposures.  All exposures are shown on a delta-adjusted basis and are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership’s quarter-end 
net assets.  Long exposure is the value of long positions and short exposure is the value of short positions, in each case ex pressed 
as a percentage of the total net asset value of the Partnership.  Cash, accruals, fees and other expenses and accrued performance 
allocations are not incorporated in the exposures presented, and exposure information would be different if cash positi ons were 
included.  Gross exposure is calculated by adding long and short exposures for the period indicated.  Net exposure is calculated by 
subtracting short exposures from long exposures for the period indicated.  Exposures may not be representative of current or future 
investments and will vary. 
 
Preparation of Report.  This letter was not compiled, reviewed or audited by any independent party, and the data may be adjusted 
as a result of a subsequent audit.
