CASTLEKNIGHT MANAGEMENT LP  |  888 SEVENTH AVENUE   |  24TH FLOOR   |  NEW YORK, NY 10019   |  212- 852-6300  
May 2026 
 
 
To Our Partners, 
 
Thank you for continuing to entrust CastleKnight with managing your capital.  
 
In the worst quarter for the U.S. equity market since 2022 (S&P 500 Index -4.4%), we are pleased to have 
outperformed in the First Quarter (+4.5% Class A-2 net / +4.7% Class B -2 net). We followed that strong 
First Quarter with our best month of performance since inception in April (+20.5% Class A-2 net / +21.2% 
Class B-2 net) to put our year-to-date performance at +26.0% Class A-2 net / +26.8% Class B-2 net.  
 
Since our Fund’s October 1, 2020 launch through April 30, 2026, CastleKnight has produced annualized 
net returns of +27.4% / +28.5% (Class A-2 net / Class B-2 net). Those figures compare to the annualized 
performance of the S&P 500 Index (+1 6.3%), Russell 2000 Index (+ 13.2%), Bloomberg US HY Index 
(+5.4%), and HFRI: Event Driven (Multi-Strategy) Index (+9.3%) over the same period.  
 
CastleKnight has delivered total returns of +287.2% / +306.3% (Class A-2 net / Class B-2 net) since launch, 
more than doubling the total return of the S&P 500 Index (+132.3%) while maintaining an average of 47% 
portfolio exposure to credit investments. 
 
 
 
 
First Quarter Portfolio Performance  
The Fund finished the First Quarter  up +4.5% / +4.7% (Class A -2 / Class B-2) net of fees (+ 6.0% gross), 
which compares to the returns of the S&P 500 Index (-4.4%), Russell 2000 Index (+0.9%), Bloomberg US 
HY Index (-0.5%), and HFRI: Event Driven (Multi-Strategy) Index (-0.1%) over the same period.  
 
Performance during the quarter was driven more heavily by equities, but credit was also a contributo r. 
At the sector level, Technology, Energy, and Industrials were the strongest contributors. 
 
The outperformance in the First Quarter  materialized in part because we had positioned earlier in the 
year for an elevated probability of an Iran- related escalation. In April, we had our best month since 
inception and added to those gains, with  semiconductor and other AI beneficiary stocks being key 
contributors as companies' results supported our thesis and drove positive price action.   
 
Our largest contributor during the First Quarter was Rackspace Technology , with t he vast majority of 
contribution coming from the credit side. The company announced a new partnership with Palantir during 
0.0%
20.0%
40.0%
60.0%
80.0%
Oct-20
Feb-21
Jun-21
Oct-21
Feb-22
Jun-22
Oct-22
Feb-23
Jun-23
Oct-23
Feb-24
Jun-24
Oct-24
Feb-25
Jun-25
Oct-25
Feb-26
Equity and Credit Net Exposures
Since Inception (as a % of total Net Exposure)
Equity Net Credit Net
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 
CASTLEKNIGHT MANAGEMENT LP  2 
 
 
the quarter, followed by solid earnings where the company beat guidance again, gave positive forward 
guidance, and more articulately described how they will become an enterprise AI business, confirming 
our thesis.  
 
The equity of Modine Manufacturing  was the Fund’s second largest contributor during the quarter. The 
company announced the future spinoff  of its Performance Technologies division (its automotive -facing 
thermal management business) during the quarter and followed that up with strong earnings. 
Strategically, this leaves Modine as more focused on data center cooling, which is the core of the 
investment narrative now. The equity of a competitor in that same cooling space, 
Vertiv Holdings , was 
the third largest contributor during the quarter. The company had incredibly strong earnings and growth 
in backlog during the quarter. We have taken the opportunity to lighten up our positions in both names 
as they move closer to our price targets.  
 
Micron Technology  was the next largest contributor, as the equity started the quarter strong on 
continued momentum from the incredibly strong earnings  print it had announced in December . The 
company once again reported very s trong earnings in March , but the stock s old off on short -term 
irrational fears of peak results . We took that as an opportunity to add to our position, which benefited 
the Fund in April as one of the largest drivers of performance. The stock has more than doubled since the 
end of March, and we’ve taken that opportunity to lighten up a bit.  
 
The equity of Sunopta Inc  was another nice driver of performance in the First Quarter, as an acquisition 
by Refresco was announced. Entering the year, in addition to AI and distressed credit opportunities, we 
believed M&A – especially within the food industry - would materialize. This is one example of that theme 
playing out, but we expect M&A to pick up to a greater degree as we move through the rest of the year .  
 
We also saw meaningful contributions during the quarter from positions that benefit from the supply 
chain disruption in the Middle East. These would include equity positions in oil tankers, nitrogen fertilizers, 
and refiners, among others.  
 
Our largest detractors in the First Quarter were credit positions in The Lycra Company  and Tropicana . 
Lycra filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy during the quarter, and we are actively involved in that situation as 
we seek to extra ct value for our investors . Despite progress on their liquidity, Tropicana traded lower 
during the quarter as the improvements to the business have not yet been as significant as the market 
had hoped.  
 
Given our performance through April as well as a positive  start to May, we are happy to be in a position 
of strength as we approach markets and our portfolio for the remainder of the year.  
 
Current Portfolio Positioning and Outlook  
Even with the Fund off to such a strong start to the year, we remain very excited by the additional return 
potential embedded across the portfolio  and believe some of our favorite names have not yet begun to 
inflect to where we believe they can.  
 
The portfolio continues to favor equities right now, with approximately 60% of our net exposure being 
positioned on that side of the portfolio. Equities had been closer to 70% of our net exposure in recent 
weeks, but we have tactically taken down some equity risk as we await more clarity on the next path of 
the Hormuz situation. Within equities, we continue to look for AI beneficiaries, companies that can benefit 
from the supply chain disruptions caused by the conflict in the Middle East, as well as M&A candidates.  
 
With respect to AI, it has benefited us to be more focused on companies that are seeing massive current 
earnings improvement due to AI capex spending, such as semiconductors, hardware, and infrastructure. 
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 
CASTLEKNIGHT MANAGEMENT LP  3 
 
 
We have mostly avoided software, which has benefited us to this point, but we continue to monitor that 
space for potential opportunities.  
 
One particularly interesting AI-related investment is Aker ASA  in Norway. Aker’s appeal stems primarily 
from its 22.8% stake in Nscale, a global datacenter platform competing with companies such as Nebius 
and CoreWeave.  Nscale benefits from a broader international footprint and access to lower -cost 
renewable power assets, which could prove to be a meaningful competitive advantage as AI 
infrastructure demand accelerates. The company also appears to be positioning for a pot ential IPO over 
the next six to twel ve months, evidenced by recent bank hires and the addition of high -profile board 
members such as Sheryl Sandberg. 
 
Over time, we believe Aker’s stake in Nscale alone could exceed Aker’s current market capitalization. In 
addition to this embedded AI exposure, Aker owns a portfolio of energy and industrial assets, some 
publicly listed, and currently offers an approximately 4.6% dividend yield. The company also pro vides 
transparent quarterly NAV disclosures. Aker reported an end-of-Q1 NAV of 1,478 NOK per share, and we 
believe future NAVs in the 2,500 to 3,000 NOK range are achievable versus a recent share price of 1,220 
NOK. As a result, we view Aker as a potential double or more over the next year, particularly if Nscale 
emerges as one of the more prominent AI IPOs. 
 
Some of Aker’s energy and industrial assets may also benefit from Middle East supply chain disruptions, 
alongside our positions in  oil tankers (which we wrote about in our 3Q25 Letter), domestic nitrogen 
fertilizer producers, chemical producers, and refinery businesses. Our general view of the Middle East 
conflict is that even if the conflict is resolved immediately, it  is going to take an extended period of time 
for everything to normalize. Investors are going to be surprised in the coming quarters by the earnings 
power, dividend payouts, and other potential catalysts to hit in these areas.  
 
On the M&A front, we continue to focus on small - and mid-cap equities that are generating significant 
cash flow and can take on leverage in an acquisition scenario. One area where we think it can pick up 
dramatically is the food and beverage space.  We saw Sunopta announce its acquisition in the First 
Quarter, but we expect M&A to pick up to a greater degree as we move through the rest of the year.  
 
With respect to credit, we have seen nice contributions so far this year from several names. Our two 
biggest contributors thus far are Rackspace Technology and Astound Broadband , two 
underappreciated beneficiaries of AI. For Rackspace, the catalysts from the First Quarter were discussed 
earlier in this letter, but the company’s improvement in fundamentals  including EBITDA growth and AI 
focus were amplified in their earnings call during the Second Quarter. In the First Quarter, Astound 
Broadband announced a merger with Google Fiber, leading the credit to trade significantly higher.  
 
We continue to see interesting opportunities across high yield and leveraged loans, though we remain a 
bit more selective given the opportunities we are seeing on the equity side. We continue to believe we 
will be able to extract alpha from certain Liability Management Exercises (“LME”) in the coming quarters, 
where our expertise and creativity around solutions should benefit our investors . We also believe our 
unique strategy that focuses on distressed opportunities with the ability to own equit y provides us with 
an edge when negotiating in these situations.  
 
There has been continued volatility in the credit space this year due to broader  software and private 
credit fears.  We continue to monitor these areas for opportunities but have yet to find much that is  
compelling enough to replace what we are seeing in other areas of equities and credit.   
 
We continue to have on a large overlay of puts as hedges, as many risks remain. Employment figures and 
the economy have been resilient to the upside of expectations, but we are laser focused on any cracks 
we see in those figures. The lower-end consumer is worth monitoring, along with inflation, interest rates, 
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 
CASTLEKNIGHT MANAGEMENT LP  4 
 
 
and any fallouts from the continuation of global conflicts. Potential near-term oil price moves and the 
corresponding impact on inflation and interest rates have made us a bit more cautious today. We also 
plan to closely monitor the upcoming mid- term elections here in the US, as well as any changes to the 
current planned changes at the Fed.  
  
In all, this is an ideal opportunity set for CastleKnight and w e continue to believe this is the sweet spot 
for our strategy . W e are focused on opportunities with extremely high return potential across asset 
classes, sectors, and geographies, which makes our unique flexibility and nimbleness extremely valuable.  
 
Organization  
We are currently managing approximately $3.6 billion, with the opportunity set continuing to support our 
ability to deploy significantly more  capital. W e remain open to new capital at the beginning of each  
month.  
 
As always, please contact  Jason Porcelli with any questions or requests to schedule a meeting 
(jporcelli@castleknight.com; 212 852 6301).  
 
 
 
Sincerely, 
 
 
Aaron Weitman 
Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer  
CastleKnight Management LP 
 
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 
CASTLEKNIGHT MANAGEMENT LP  5 
 
 
Important Notes and Disclosures 
 
This letter, including any and all  reports provided herewith (collectively, the “Letter”), shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offe r to buy 
securities or any interest in any pooled investment vehicles (“Funds”) managed by CastleKnight Management LP (“CastleKnight”). Any such offer or solicitation 
may only be made at the time a qualified offeree receives the private placement memorandum, subscription agreement and other offering documentation for the 
applicable Fund (collectively, “Fund Documents”). Before making an investment decision with respect to the Funds, potential investors are advised to read 
carefully the applicable Fund Documents and to consult with their tax and financial advisors and legal counsel to make an ind ependent determination of the 
suitability and consequences of an investment. In the event of any discrepancies between the information contained herein and the Fund Documents, the 
applicable Fund Documents will control. These securities shall not be offered or sold in any jurisdiction in which s uch offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful 
until the requirements of the laws of such jurisdiction have been satisfied. This Letter is not intended for public use or di stribution.  
 
This Letter does not take into account the particular investment objectives, restrictions, or financial, legal or tax situati on of any specific investor. Nothing herein 
should be construed as investment advice or as an opinion regarding the appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy. This Letter does not purport 
to advise the recipient personally concerning the nature, potential, value or suitability of any particular sector, geographic region, security, portfolio of securities, 
transaction, investment strategy or other matter and the information provided is not intended to provide a basis upon which to make an investment decision. The 
recipient should make its own independent decision regarding whether to enter into any transaction, and the recipient is solely responsible for its investment 
decisions. 
 
All performance figures are historical and past performance of CastleKnight’s investment team is not indicative of future res ults. The performance figures have 
been computed by CastleKnight based on unaudited numbers. Net returns within this Letter refer to returns net of all fees, interest and expenses after reinvestment 
of dividends and other earnings. Those fees include a management fee rate of 1.75% for Class A-2 and 1.5% for Class B-2, per annum, and an incentive fee rate of 
20% for Class A-2 and 17.5% for Class B-2, per annum. Net returns for Classes A-2 and B-2 are representative of an investor paying the respective management 
and incentive fees mentioned above within CastleKnight Onshore Fund LP (the “Fund”), who has been invested since the Fund commenced operations and who 
has not subsequently contributed or withdrawn capital and participates in the profits and losses from new issue investments. Investors in Class A-2 are subject to 
a 12-month soft lock-up, while investors in Class B-2 are subject to both a 12-month hard lock-up and 12-month soft lock-up. Returns are estimates only and are 
subject to change. Actual results of an individual investor in the Fund s will vary due to, among other factors, the timing of contributions/subscriptions and 
withdrawals/redemptions, applicable management and incentive allocations/fees, and eligibility to participate in new issue investments. Investors should refer to 
their month-end capital statements for information pertaining to their specific investment. All performance data is prepared on an accrual basis in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles on a time-weighted, total return basis (i.e., including all dividends, interest, accrued income, realized and unrealized 
gains and losses and are after all brokerage transaction charges).  
 
Company performance contributions, as well as the performance of e quity and credit positions, are presented on a gross basis. Gross performance figures refer 
to attribution before deduction of any fees, interest, and expenses. The Equity category includes, but is not limited to, common equities, equity options, warrants, 
rights, equity index futures, equity -related ETFs and closed -end funds, equity -related FX positions, equity -related CFDs, REITs, ADRs, and commodity futures. 
The Credit category includes, b ut is not limited to, corporate and convertible bonds, term loans, preferred equities, credit- related FX positions, credit- related 
CFDs, government bonds, and credit-related ETFs and closed-end funds.  
 
GICS Sectors reflect a classification of the portfolio by sectors based on the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS)  provided for portfolio companies by 
Refinitiv, if available. Where no GICS sector is provided by Refinitiv for a portfolio company, CastleKnight will classify such portfolio company based on the GICS 
sector that CastleKnight determines most accurately classifies such portfolio company.  
 
An investment in the Fund s is speculative and involves a substantial degree of risk. There can be no assurance that the investment objectives described herein 
will be achieved. Investment losses may occur, and investors could lose some or all of their investment. No guarantee or re presentation is made that the Funds’ 
investment programs, including, without limitation, their investment objectives, diversification strategies or risk monitorin g goals, will be successful, and 
investment results may vary substantially over time. Investment losses may occur from time to time. Nothing herein is intended to imply that the Funds’ investment 
methodologies may be considered “conservative,” “safe,” “risk free” or “risk averse.”  
 
The Credit Suisse Hedge Fund Index, which is compiled by Credit Suisse Hedge Index LLC, is an asset- weighted hedge fund index and includes only funds, as 
opposed to separate accounts. The index uses the Credit Suisse Hedge Fund Database, which tracks appro ximately 9,000 funds and consists only of funds with 
a minimum of US$50 million under management, a 12-month track record, and audited financial statements. The index is calculated and rebalanced on a monthly 
basis, and reflects performance net of all hedge fund component performance fees and expenses. The performance of the Bloomberg US Corporate High Yield 
Bond Index is presented solely for illustrative purposes as an example of United States high yield corporate bond performance and the performance of the iBoxx 
USD Liquid Investment Grade Index  is presented solely for illustrative purposes as an example of United States investment grade corporate bond performance . 
The performance of the S&P 500 Index , Russell 2000 Index, and Nasdaq 100 Index are presented solely for illustrative purposes as an example of United States 
equity market performance.  Reference to an index does not imply that the Funds will achieve returns, volatility or other results similar to the index. T he total 
returns for the index do not reflect the deduction of any fees or expenses which would reduce returns. The Funds’ investme nt strategy is not restricted to the 
securities and instruments comprising of any one benchmark or index. As such, the performance of the Funds is not directly comp arable to any one benchmark 
and as a result the Funds’ performance may be significantly different than that of any benchmark to which you compare the Funds’ performance. Benchmarks 
and indices you may compare the Funds’ performance to may, among other reasons, not be available for direct investment, may be unmanaged, may not account 
for trading commissions and costs or management and performance fees, and may have a different trading strategy.  
 
The information in this Letter  is accurate as of the date hereof to CastleKnight’s knowledge and belief. Neither the delivery of this Letter  nor any sale of the 
interests referenced herein, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change to the information in this Letter . The information 
contained in this Letter has been compiled from sources believed reliable. CastleKnight does not make any representations or warranties, express or im plied, as 
to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein and no obligation to update or otherwise revise such information is being assumed.   
 
Certain information contained in this Letter is non-public, proprietary and highly confidential and is being submitted to selected recipients only. This Letter  is 
being furnished to the recipient on a confidential basis. Accordingly, by accepting this Letter , the recipient acknowledges and agrees that it will maintain the 
information and data contained herein in the strictest of confidence and will not, in any circumstance whatsoever, reproduce this Letter or disclose any of the 
contents hereof to any other person.  
 
References to specific present, prospective or future investment opportunities and/or companies herein are for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to 
be and must not be relied upon as (i) recommendations or solicitations to purchase or sell any securities, or (ii) indications of performance of all portfolio 
investments. Nothing herein obligates the Fund s to make or maintain any of such investments described in the Letter and the Fund s may not make or continue 
to hold one or more of such investments for any reason. Moreover, it is possible that there will be developments in the future that cause CastleKnight to change 
its position with respect to investments in any of the companies identified herein, the sizing of such investments, the instr uments invested in, and/or the actual 
holding periods of such investments for any reason. 
 
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
