Managing Member – Tim Eriksen     Eriksen Capital Management, LLC     8695 Glendale Road, Custer, WA 98240 
 
April 18, 2026 
 
Subject: Cedar Creek Partners 2026 First Quarter Results 
 
Dear Partners and Friends: 
 
The three major US indices we compare against were down in the first quarter primarily due 
to increased uncertainty in the Middle East.  In the first quarter, the NASDAQ declined 7.1%, 
the S&P500 (SPY) fell 4.4%, and the DJIA fell 3.3% .  Other indices we track were slightly 
positive in the quarter. Cedar Creek was up 6.8% on the quarter, net of fees and expenses.1   
 
While Cedar Creek Partners focuses primarily on microcap stocks, and over -the-counter 
stocks in particular, we compare our returns against larger indices as well since we believe 
we need to outperform the most prominent passive benchmarks over time in order to justify 
our existence.   
 
Cedar Creek’s average annual return over our 20 year history is 1 4.9%, net of fees and 
expenses, which compares favorably to all the indices we compare against.  Cumulative 
returns since inception for Cedar Creek were 1,560.4%, net of fees and expenses.     
 
 Q1 ‘26     2025  Inception Ave. Annual 
Cedar Creek 6.8% 29.6% 1,560.4% 14.9% 
NASDAQ -7.1% 20.4% 831.8% 11.7% 
S&P 500 (SPY) -4.4% 17.8% 634.8% 10.4% 
DJIA (DIA) -3.3% 14.7% 563.5% 9.8% 
Russell 2000 0.9% 12.8% 363.7% 7.9% 
Russell Microcap 1.5% 23.0% 296.7% 7.1% 
              * fund inception January 15, 2006.  Index Returns as reported on Yahoo! Finance, Morningstar, Dow Jones and Russell. 
 
$100,000 invested in the fund at inception in January 2006 would have grown to $1,660,390 
as of March 31, 2026, net of fees and expenses, whereas $100,000 invested in the ind ices 
we compare against would have only grown to between $ 396,749 in the Russell MicroCap 
and $931,819 in the NASDAQ.   
 
 
Fund Holdings are at Incredibly Attractive Prices  
 
On the whole, as of the end of March 2026, the fund’s holdings were trading at 7.2 
times our estimate of earnings for the coming year, and 4.7 times expected earnings 
net of cash at the respective businesses .2  Trailing earnings multiple was 8.6 times.  
Weighted price-to-book was 0.9.  Dividend yield was 1.7%.  Weighted expected return on 
 
1 While, no single index is directly comparable to Cedar Creek Partners, we believe that it is important to compare 
our performance to a passively managed approach.  At the core of our investment philosophy is the belief that we can 
generate superior risk-adjusted returns by holding a more concentrated portfolio of under -valued securities, than an 
index holding a far greater number of securities.   Index returns are calculated from information reported on Yahoo! 
Finance, Dow Jones, and Russell (see DISCLAIMER for more information). 
2 Ratio excludes cash held by the fund.  We add back non-economic amortization in our earnings estimate. Due to 
the uncertainty of the situation, we did not attribute any earnings or book value for Pacific Coast Oil Trust 
(ROYTL).  We do not include excess capital in banks, except for mutual bank conversions.  

equity as of March 31, 2025, was 12.9%.  While we provide the metrics because we think 
they are generally helpful, we would note that some of these metrics can change significantly 
from quarter to quarter.  For example, if we purchase a s tock at a large discount to its cash 
with little or no earnings, price-to-book declines, return on equity declines and earnings net 
of cash will show as lower, whereas basic price to earnings ratio would be higher.  We don’t 
target certain metrics.  We try to have an attractive one to five year expected return.  We do 
not try to predict day-to-day price movements nor what will happen 10-15 years from now.  
We do expect tomorrow to be strikingly similar to today.    
 
 
Cash Levels and Fund Repositioning  
 
We started the quarter with cash levels at 13% and ended the quarter at just under 13%, 
which is higher than what we target.  At present, cash levels are under 10% as we are finding 
attractive places to put cash to work.  In the first quarter, w e finally received the cash 
proceeds from the sale of First IC Bank and sold the MetroCity Bankshares we received as 
part of the transaction.  In our last letter we noted we had a verbal purchase agreement to 
put 3% of our cash to work in an illiquid stock, but that deal fell through.   
 
 
Expert Market Exposure 
 
Our exposure to stocks trading in the expert market  decreased to 30% of the fund.  As a 
reminder, expert market stocks are companies impacted by SEC Rule 15c2 -11.  For those 
unfamiliar, the rule prevents brokers from not only displaying quotes for non -reporting 
companies but also restricts transactions for retail customers to selling only. 3  Institutional 
accounts, depending on the broker, are not subject to the buying restriction.    
 
There are a wide range of differences among “non -reporting” companies.  Some are 
completely dark – meaning they do not communicate any financial results to shareholders 
(unless forced to under law).  Others update quarterly or annually on their website, 
sometimes behind a password login.  Others mail annual results out to shareholders, or just 
shareholders of record, but do not post them publicly.      
 
Four positions make up about 75% of the fund’s expert market exposure – Exco Resources 
(expert: EXCE) is about 8% of the fund, PHI Group  (expert: PHIG) is 7%, Harbor 
Diversified (expert: HRBR) is 4% and PD-Rx Pharmaceuticals (expert: PDRX) is 3% of 
the fund.   
 
We discussed Exco Resources in our 2025 year end letter.  Fairfax owns over 49% of the 
company. It is primarily an onshore domestic natural gas producer.  At $21 per share i t 
currently trades around four times our 2026 earnings estimate.  If it was listed, we think it 
would trade near its year end PV-10 per share, or roughly $55 per share.  If it was put up for 
sale, we think it could fetch around $80 per share.  
 
We continue to believe PHI Group (expert: PHIG)  is worth two to three times the most 
recent trading price.  That would value it in line  with publicly listed peers. PHI Group is a 
leading provider of helicopter flight services for the global oil and gas exploration and 
production industry and the air medical industry .  The Company emerged from bankruptcy 
protection in September 2019 .  The bankruptcy was primarily due to excessive debt rather 
than poor financial performance.  PHI has subsequently focused on improving its margins and 
prioritizing a conservative balance sheet .  The Company had filed an S -1 registration 
 
3 We are aware of one major discount broker that still displays quotes to its customers, most do not even provide 
that making selling difficult.  There are no public quotations such as on otcmarkets.com.  
statement but withdrew it in May of 2025.  Oaktree and First Pacific Advisors each were listed 
as owning approximately 18% of the common shares. 
 
Harbor Diversified is a recent addition to the fund.  While we have followed the story for a 
few years and occasionally owned a small amount of shares, we decided to purchase shares 
after the ir December 18, 2025 , announcement of the company selling its Air Wisconsin 
subsidiary and all related aircraft in three separate deals for aggregate consideration of $113 
million.  They are delinquent in their SEC filings but are in the process of catching up.  As of 
December 31, 2024, we know they had $112 million in cash and securities, which we do not 
think was part of the assets sold at the end of 2025. 
 
What we don’t know is how much money Harbor lost in 2025 prior to the asset sale.  We are 
estimating Harbor lost $60 million  in 2025 , with $25 million of the loss being due to 
depreciation, resulting in a cash loss of $ 35 million.  If roughly correct, that would leave 
Harbor with around $180 million in cash and securities after paying transaction costs and 
taxes. Shares outstanding as of March 11, 2026 , were 58.4 million. That would equate to 
$3.08 per share versus the current $1.50 per share price.   At that gap, we don’t have to be 
precisely right, just approximately. 
 
Harbor’s 10-K for 2024 was filed on April 8, 2026. The filing included a notation stating: 
 
We are currently in the process of evaluating potential strategic alternatives, which 
may include investments in, or acquisitions of, one or more businesses, assets, 
technologies, joint ventures, or other strategic opportunities. Any such transactions 
could involve one or multiple investments or acquisitions, be in any number of 
industries or lines of business (which may or may not include the airline industry), 
and involve the use of cash, equity securities, or a combination thereof. In addition, 
we may pursue other strategic alternatives, which could include, without limitation, 
the issuance of one or more cash dividends, share repurchases, tender offers, 
registering as an investment company, a liquidation, or other potential transactions.  
 
Based on the language in the 10-K, we expect Harbor to either acquire a business at a fairly 
attractive price or return capital to shareholders.   
 
During the quarter, we also received additional consideration in the Propel Media force out.  
The company was acquired at the end of 2025 for $1.451 per share plus potential escro w 
payments.  In the first quarter we received two additional payments that totaled just over 
$0.04 per share. While not a huge amount, it was meaningful in relation to our cost basis of 
roughly $0.25 per share.  
 
We expect to continue to allocate a meaningful portion of the fund’s portfolio to expert market 
stocks based on the belief that they will generate satisfactory returns for the fund over time.    
  
 
Performance Attribution 
 
In previous letters we noted that we currently think of the fund as having three categories: 
expert market stocks, control positions (where the fund manager is on the board and can 
have greater influence over decision making), and generally undervalued securities.   
 
Most of the fund’s gain in the f irst quarter was due to the increase in the valuation of our 
control position. It increased 34% in the quarter.  Our expert market stocks increased in 
value by just over 1% in the f irst quarter, while our generally undervalued securities 
increased 5%. 
 
 
Update on Our Control Position 
 
By control, we mean that the fund manager is on the Board or in a position to significantly 
influence decision making, not that he has total control and get s what he wants. With the 
sale of PharmChem in 2025 there is only one such holding in the fund at present.  
 
Solitron Devices (otc: SODI) - the bid price for shares increased from $1 8.69 per share to 
$25.00 per share during the f irst quarter.  As a reminder, the fund manager is CEO and a 
board member of Solitron.  The fund owns 11% of Solitron’s outstanding shares and the fund 
manager and his immediate family own 3%.    
 
In our 2025 year end letter we discussed the increasing backlog at Solitron.  As a reminder 
Solitron has defense/aerospace exposure to increased production of HIMARS launchers , 
AMRAAM missiles, and Standard Missiles 2 , 3 and 6 . We noted that the increased backlog 
positions the company for increased revenue.  On February 3, 2026, Solitron announced that 
it would be evaluating strategic alternatives after having received an unsolicited acquisition 
proposal that did not come to completion.  We have also seen press reports of the President’s 
defense reconciliation proposal which asks for $350 billion, including amounts for multi-year 
procurement for 12 critical munitions, three of which are AMRAAM and Standard Missile s 3 
and 6.  Even at a reduced figure, it could be significant.  We have also seen independent 
national security analysts pointing out the potential growth in the space Solitron is in (link).   
 
Due to being an insider, we only restate what has been publicly released in our SEC filings or 
press releases, or what we have seen in the public s phere.  We also do not provide any 
valuation estimates for Solitron.  
 
 
Update on Other Fund Holdings 
 
ENDI Corp (otc: ENDI) – we profiled ENDI in our 2024 first quarter letter.  The share price 
declined during the first quarter from $16.75 per share to $15.00 per share. ENDI owns 
CrossingBridge Advisors , which manages fixed income mutual funds and a few managed 
accounts. Assets under management (AUM) for CrossingBridge grew over 19% in 2025 and 
30% in 2024.  While AUM was flat in Q4 and up modestly in Q1 of 2026, we think the current 
interest rate environment is fairly attractive for short term bonds versus money markets.   
 
ENDI has approximately 6.67 million shares outstanding, resulting in a market cap of ~$100 
million.  Cash and investments were $55 million as of December 2025, and the only debt was 
a $10 million note.  Adjusted EBITDA for 2025 was $11 million.   We expect them to introduce 
some additional products in the next year  which should help AUM growth to continue.  Our 
fair value estimate keeps rising as the company continues to execute , which is what you 
ideally want in all your equity investments.  We look forward to what 2026 will bring.           
 
Community Banks 
 
We noted in our last few letters that the fund has been building up a basket of what it sees 
as attractively priced community banks.  At year end, 20% of the fund was in bank stocks.  
This included First IC mentioned above, which was just over 6% of the fund .  We received 
the cash and shares related to its merger with MetroCity.  At the end of the first quarter our 
bank exposure was about 16% of the fund.  Our top bank holdings are Steele Bancorp (otc: 
STLE), Skyline Bankshares (otc: SLBK) and River Financial Corp. (otc: RVRF). 
 
In the last few months , we have built a position in Steele Bancorp (otc: STLE).  Steele is 
the product of a  merger of two rural Pennsylvania banks – Mifflinburg Bancorp and 
Northumberland Bancorp.  Assets are $1.26 billion.  Equit y is $118 million.  Steele has only 
reported two quarters of results since the merger, but the synergies are impressive.  When 
we back out the bargain purchase gain adjustment in Q4 and the related merger expenses, 
the bank earned $1.54 per share using a 17% tax rate  (their actual rate was far lower).  In 
addition, intangible amor tization was $0.20 per share, thus adjusted cash earnings were 
~$1.74 per share, or $7 per share annualized.  The bank trades at $3 6 or just five times its 
current cash earnings run rate.  We expect earnings to continue to grow. 
 
We profiled Skyline Bankshares (otc: SLBK) in our Q1 2025 letter .  We built a position a 
year ago at under $13 per share and it closed Q1 at  $21.75 per share.  It still trades at just 
six times our estimate of cash earnings for 2026.   
 
River Financial Corp. (otc: RVRF) is based in Alabama.  Most shares are locally owned and 
we purchased most of our position directly through the bank in October at just over $33 per 
share.  We took out all the sellers. Shares can be challenging to buy through certain brokers.  
We could not buy in our Schwab account for some reason. 
 
River Financial has nearly $4 billion in assets  and $300 million in equity.  2025 earnings per 
share were $5.43, but that doesn’t show the true earnings level.  In 2025 they sold some of 
their securities portfolio which incurred a loss of $10.1 million.  Since reported pre-tax income 
was $54.6 million, earnings were redu ced by roughly 20% .  Excluding the loss, earnings 
would have been about $6.50 per share.  We calculate adjusted Q4 at $1.71 per share, or 
$6.85 annualized.   The share price has risen recently to $46.50 per share, or about 7 times 
earnings.     
 
The fund has small positions in other community banks.  Nearly all are modestly growing and 
trading at less than six times earnings, and we believe they should trade at higher valuations, 
and would be attractive acquisition candidates. 
 
 
Tax Information and K-1’s  
 
Investor K-1’s were issued electronically on April 1.  The fund’s annual audit report was sent 
out on April 18.  If any of the fund’s investors did not receive either, please contact us.  
 
 
Room for New Members and/or Additional Funds 
   
We continue to have more attractive ideas than capital.  Thus, there is plenty of room for 
existing partners to increase their investment and for others to join.  Please consider referring 
friends of yours who may be potential new investors.  The basic requirements are 1) that 
each invests a minimum of $ 100,000 and 2) that new members are accredited (high net 
worth) individuals.  Subsequent investments must be for a minimum of $10,000.       
       
If this letter was passed on to you and you would like to be added to our monthly distribution 
list, please email me at the email address below.  You can find more letters at 
eriksencapitalmgmt.com/investor-letters. Should you have any questions regarding the fund, 
please don’t hesitate to call or email.    
 
Sincerely, 
 
Tim Eriksen 
Manager 
Cedar Creek Partners LLC 
tim@eriksencapitalmgmt.com    
(360) 354-3331 

DISCLAIMERS 
 
Fund Performance 
The financial performance figures for 2026 presented in this report are un-audited estimates based on 
the best information available at the time of the letter and are subject to subsequent revision by the 
Fund’s auditors. Past performance may not be indicative of future results and no representation is made 
that an investor will or is likely to achieve results similar to those shown. All investments involve risk 
including the loss of principal. 
 
Net Return reflects the experience of an investor who came into the Fund on inception and did not add to 
or withdraw from the Fund through the end of the most recently reported period. The reported net return 
figures will therefore include the impact of high water marks in the cumulative return. Individual investor 
returns will vary depending upon the timing of their investment, the effects of additions and withdrawals 
from their capital account, and each individual’s high water mark figure, if any. 
 
Index Returns 
The S&P500 Index returns are reported using the S&P500 Depository Receipt Trust (SPDR) which 
trades under the ticker symbol SPY. Reinvested dividends are included in these figures.  A spreadsheet 
showing the SPY performance versus the fund since inception is available upon request.  
 
Nasdaq performance excludes dividends, which historically have been immaterial to the total return of 
that index. In recent years more technology stocks have begun paying dividends thus the inclusion of 
dividends would increase the reported figures.    
 
Russell 2000 performance is from data reported on Russell’s website and includes reinvested dividends.   
 
DJIA returns are reported using the SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average which trades under the ticker 
symbol DIA.  Reinvested dividends are included in these figures.  A spreadsheet showing the DIA 
performance versus the fund since inception is available upon request. 
 
While reported returns for SPY and DIA will likely be a few tenths of a percentage lower than the 
representative index annually, we believe they are a better reflection of what a non -institutional investor 
would earn following a passive investment approach. 
 
Index returns are provided as a convenience to the reader only. The Fund’s returns are likely to differ 
substantially from that of any index, and there can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve results 
that are superior to such indices. 
 
Share Prices 
Share price figures for listed stocks are from Schwab’s reporting and unless specified otherwise are the 
closing price as of the previous month end.  Share price figures for unlisted stocks are closing bid prices 
as reported on otcmarkets.com, except for unlisted stocks classified as expert market, which do not have 
public availability of quotes, and are marked to last sale. 
 
Forward Looking Statements 
This letter and the accompanying discussion include forward-looking statements. All statements that are 
not historical facts are forward-looking statements, including any statements that relate to future market 
conditions, results, operations, strategies or other future conditions or developments and any statements 
regarding objectives, opportunities, positioning or prospects. Forward-looking statements are 
necessarily based upon speculation, expectations, estimates and assumptions that are inherently 
unreliable and subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies. 
Forward-looking statements are not a promise or guaranty about future events.
