For accredited investors only 
1 
 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Dear Partners: 
Counterwave Capital Partners LP returned +16.2% net in 1Q26 and YTD versus the Korean Composite 
Index, which returned +16.8% during 1Q26 and YTD.  
The Korean market’s upward momentum from 2025 continued unabated in 1Q26 as the key impetus for 
the rally remained in place- namely, the AI investment cycle. Every month that passes without any signs 
of a pullback in forward-looking AI investments is another datapoint suggesting an elongation of the 
cycle. The continued growth of the market is creating new bottlenecks and expansion opportunities, 
which have led to earnings estimates upgrades and multiple re-ratings across the value chain. Since the 
end of 2025, the KOSPI earnings estimate for 2026 has increased by 111.5% and the index forward P/E 
ratio has decreased from 10.2x to 7.5x by the end of April.1  
The US-Iran conflict represented a bump in the road in March due to Korea’s high exposure to Middle 
Eastern energy and general market fatigue after the Korean Composite Index rose 38.5% YTD by the end 
of February. As the global markets eventually adjusted to the new reality, the Korean market followed 
suit in the V-shaped recovery, which continued into April. Although the conflict has not yet been 
resolved, the overwhelming factor driving markets today appears to be- will the AI CAPEX cycle 
continue, or not?  
In this letter, we will discuss how we are navigating a market that is singularly driven by one overarching 
factor and our perspectives on the impact of the Iran conflict for the Korean market and our portfolio.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 FnGuide 

For accredited investors only 
2 
 
Discussion:  
Since inauguration, President Lee has consistently emphasized the importance of the “money move” 
from real estate to “productive capital” in the capital markets- it appears to be working. As the Korean 
Composite Index rose 38.5% YTD by the end of February, we even began to suspect that it might be 
working a bit too well. What began as a government-led reform effort to reduce the Korea Discount was 
seemingly shifting to a concerted effort to drive a wholesale migration of capital into the stock market. 
As Lee began his frontal assault on the real estate market in January while governmental bodies put up a 
united front to encourage stock investing, we felt a growing sense of panic among retail investors that 
there was no alternative to stock investments- buy stocks or go poor. Momentum begat momentum and 
the market appeared to be off to the races by the end of February.   
 
Chart 1. Cash Balances in Brokerage Accounts Chart 2. Retail Net Stock Purchases 
  
Source: KOFIA, KRX 
 
In hindsight, the March correction driven by the Iran conflict served a useful purpose by putting a brake 
on the momentum. Investors had a chance to catch their breath, reassess the market, and become more 
selective in their investing. After the break, the market appears to have decided that the only “sure 
thing” is the AI theme, which has become an even more dominant factor in the market. Investors 
doubled down on the bullish bets on Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix, which make up 43.3% of the 
KOSPI, contributing materially to the run-up in the index. Despite the KOSPI having risen 56.6% YTD by 
the end of April, the 12M forward looking P/E ratio stands at 7.1x, and we feel more comfortable with a 
market that rose based on fundamentals, albeit tied to one overarching factor, than one that has run 
based on story stocks. However, that’s not to say that there isn’t some froth in the market driven by AI 
narratives rather than fundamentals.  
  
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
Jan-25 Apr-25 Jul-25 Oct-25 Jan-26 Apr-26
(KRW tn)
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
45
Jan-25 Apr-25 Jul-25 Oct-25 Jan-26 Apr-26
(KRW tn)
For accredited investors only 
3 
 
Chart 3. 12M Forward P/E multiple of KOSPI (2020-2026) 
 
 
Source: Quantiwise 
A key enabler of the story stock boom has been the hockey stick growth of thematic ETFs. Net inflows to 
ETFs in 1Q26 already represent 51.4% of the total inflows in 2025.2 As narratives in the market emerge, 
retail investors are chasing the latest trendy themes by buying the associated ETF products. The market 
impact of the inflows has been larger than the headline numbers suggest as sector or theme-specific 
ETFs have gained in popularity. The constituents of these ETFs are often smaller and less liquid than 
large cap stocks, so their shares prices are disproportionately impacted by the passive flows. Passive 
inflows often start the price momentum for a stock and the price continues rising as long as news flow is 
positive, regardless of valuations. We believe this dynamic is a cause for concern in certain parts of the 
market and may exaggerate market volatility when general market sentiment shifts. We are also 
cognizant that some of our portfolio positions are beneficiaries of this trend and are trading these 
positions more cautiously as a result. When a position is up materially due to the popularity of an 
associated narrative, we are inclined to size down if the fundamentals haven’t changed as we don’t 
know when a narrative ends. The result has been a mixed bag as we have often sold too soon since 
narratives go further and last longer than we had expected- this has made for a tricky trading 
environment.  
Chart 4. Korea ETF Net Inflows by Year (2015–2026) 
 
 
Source: KRX 
 
2 Korea Exchange (KRX), “KRX ETF·ETN Monthly”, April 2026, No. 178  
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026
(Fwd.P/E)
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 1Q26
(KRW tn)
For accredited investors only 
4 
 
As AI has improved and real world adoption grows, the frontiers of the AI trade have expanded. To give 
readers a sense of the narratives in the market, here are some examples: 
Semiconductor: The most direct beneficiary of the AI investment cycle as increase in compute and 
memory is a necessity. The bull market in semiconductors started with the large memory chipmakers 
and has expanded into semi equipment and component suppliers.  
Power Generation (Nuclear, Renewables, Etc): Global energy demand is facing unprecedented growth 
driven by power-hungry datacenters that enable AI training and usage. The Iran conflict is adding to the 
urgency of diversifying away from fossil fuels.  
Electrical Equipment: Increased power generation alone is not enough- grid equipment, electric 
transmission and transformers are all necessary to connect the datacenters to power sources. Due to 
the lack of production capacity in this historically low-growth sector, there is a severe supply shortage, 
leading to years-long order backlogs and supplier pricing power.  
Construction: Ramping up production across the AI value chain requires lots of construction. Especially 
in nuclear construction, Korean construction companies are globally competitive and expected to 
benefit from a long list of potential project wins.  
Battery: Datacenters require stable, 24/7 energy draws. As they seek to maximize utilization of power 
sources by drawing energy during low-usage periods and increase intermittent renewable energy usage, 
batteries that ensure a reliable store of energy will be necessary.  
Shipbuilding: The shortage of traditional power generation equipment has led datacenters to explore 
using ship engines as a secondary source of power generation. Furthermore, the industry is testing 
ocean-based floating datacenters to decrease cooling costs and NIMBY constraints.  
Space: AI infrastructure will eventually be built in space as the physical, regulatory and societal limits of 
terrestrial expansion hit their limits. Elon says so.  
Robotics: The end game of AI will be when physical AI can replace human labor in the real world. Now 
that the roadmap for improvements in AI seems assured, opportunities are in the hardware makers that 
can make it a reality. Aren’t automotive ecosystem companies the natural favorites to win the robotics 
hardware war?  
 
The above narratives touch some of the largest and most important industries in Korea- the industries 
that have made Korea’s reputation as a global manufacturing powerhouse. These are also very 
traditional sectors that were long viewed as boring and low growth prior to the AI investment boom, 
which is why the multiple re-ratings have been so significant. Some of the narratives are more 
believable and tangible than others, but as a whole, they don’t seem unreasonable… if one believes 
that the AI investment boom is a secular trend, not a cycle.  
We believe that if the AI investment trend is secular, the Korean market is still undervalued. 
Conversely, if the narrative shifts to the trend being a cycle, the market may face a significant 
correction- the Korean market would not be alone in this correction. However, based on increasing 
adoption that we witness every day and with the lessons from history of technological progress, we 
For accredited investors only 
5 
 
believe that investments in AI are likely to continue. In the short term, however, we are faced with a 
somewhat binary path- as long as the secular narrative continues, the markets will continue the upward 
ascent. On the other hand, the more secular expectations embedded in the stock prices, the more 
sensitive the market becomes to any signs of deceleration in investment.  
Against this market backdrop, we remained committed to the bottom-up portfolio construction of our 
portfolio. An outcome of a bottom-up process is that we will have lower exposure to the AI investment 
theme versus the market, which may be detrimental relative to the market if the cycle continues, but 
should be beneficial in the opposite. Second, we remain disciplined on valuations and exiting positions 
when catalysts occur. In strong narrative markets, stock prices can shoot to the upside much more than 
we expected on a catalyst, resulting in us leaving money on the table when we exit at what we view as a 
full valuation. However, we are doing more phased reductions than we have historically, leaving a 
“schmuck” insurance tail position in case the upward price moves continue. Lastly, we are prioritizing 
our screening funnel on companies that may have a narrative optionality. In a narrative driven market 
like today, we realized that a narrative shift serves as a more powerful catalyst than other catalyst 
patterns in our toolkit and we are seeking to capitalize on the market environment. Our diversified but 
selectively opportunistic approach has allowed us to keep up with the market in 1Q26 with significantly 
less volatility in March when our portfolio declined -6.5% while the market declined -15.4%.  
 
Iran War Impact 
The Korean market began March with its own version of Black Monday, with the market declining -
18.2% in the first two trading days. The intense volatility continued throughout the month, marking 
March as one of the most volatile months in history. Conditions for a turbulent month was ripe after a 
retail-driven FOMO rally to begin the year and a proliferation of margin trading. On fundamentals, Korea 
was more vulnerable compared to the global peers as it depends on the Middle East for 68.8% and 
19.7% of its oil and gas imports, respectively. Furthermore, as energy prices rose, the KRW experienced 
a sharp -5.9% decline versus the dollar as more dollars would be needed to pay for energy imports. 
Lastly, the energy price increase raised the bar for the Fed lowering interest rates, which raised concerns 
about the availability of capital for AI CAPEX.  
Our initial reaction to the conflict was that higher energy prices was obviously not a positive 
development for the domestic economy and that the FX movements, although significant, were not 
unreasonable in the context. However, we believed that a left-tail scenario of a physical oil shortage in 
Korea impacting industry was not likely in the short or mid-term. The country’s 190 million barrels of oil 
reserves (enough to cover 200 days) was a factor, but more importantly, Korea is a relatively wealthy 
economy in the global context, so its ability to pay a higher bid would allow it to secure energy needed 
for industry. Given that oil is a globally priced commodity, Korean companies would not be at a material 
disadvantage relative to their global competitors. Furthermore, many of the sectors driving the Korean 
stock market are oligopoly players in industries facing shortages, so we believed that they would be able 
to pass on the higher production costs to customers.  
On the portfolio level, most of our exposure were to export-oriented companies. As such, we believed 
that our stocks would actually benefit from a stronger USD while the impact of a potentially softening 
domestic economy was limited. We consciously refrained from over-trading during the volatility, but we 
For accredited investors only 
6 
 
did shift some positions, entering stocks on our watchlist that had declined more than the less attractive 
names in the portfolio, which we concurrently exited. We exited March with a 20% cash position as we 
favored the optionality of cash during a volatile period, especially as the conflict has still not been 
resolved. As of the writing of this letter, the cash position has declined to 13%.  
 
Portfolio Update 
Sungho Electronics (043260): Sungho is a new position in 1Q26 and is not a position we would’ve 
historically entered given the significant price increases prior to our entry in late February. However, the 
event path for the stock in March was one of the best we’d seen, so it entered the portfolio as a top 
three position. As the expected short term catalysts played out in March, we significantly reduced the 
position to a top five position today.  
Historically, Sungho had been in the home appliance components industry, but the enterprising Son of 
the Founder had taken the reigns in 2025 with the goal of M&A-led expansion. The Company made 8 
acquisitions throughout 2025- 7 were small, but accretive. The final acquisition of ADS Tech in October 
was transformative. ADST is in the business of manufacturing alignment equipment for the fiberoptic 
industry- making sure the optical fiber is properly connected to a device or equipment, at a nanometer 
scale. ADST operates in a global duopoly with a German competitor, but after the acquisition of the 
competitor by a Chinese company in 2024, ADST became the preferred vendor for customers who did 
not want to rely on a Chinese supplier due to geopolitical or IP security concerns.  
We believe that ADST sits squarely within the value chain of one of the fastest growing segments of the 
AI infrastructure buildout- silicon photonics. As chipmakers hit diminishing marginal returns on chip 
performance improvements, they are increasingly focused on improving the overall system-level 
performance of datacenters. Fiberoptic connections are increasingly replacing copper-based 
connections as light travels faster and “cleaner” than electricity. As demand for optical fiber connection 
points grows, demand for ADST’s equipment grows. As the industry expands from connecting 
datacenter-to-datacenter, to rack-to-rack, to server-to-server, to eventually chip-to-chip, we believe 
that the connection points will grow exponentially. Nvidia is one of the most aggressive players pushing 
into silicon photonics, and as it happens, Nvidia is ADST’s largest customer.  
Based on our estimates, Sungho was trading at approximately 12.0x ’28 P/E at our entry point despite 
the significant runup beforehand. There was zero sellside coverage, the recent runup scared would-be 
investors, and in fact, there was a market rumor that the stock was a pump and dump scheme. Based on 
our fundamental research, which included speaking with an Nvidia OEM vendor who was currently using 
ADST equipment, and our relationship with the PE sponsor who had helped finance Sungho’s acquisition 
of ADST, we were able to gain conviction in our variant view.  
Heading into March, we were excited about, 1) Nvidia’s GTC event in which we expected updates 
regarding the industry’s expanded use of silicon photonics, 2) start of sellside coverage on Sungho, and 
3) beginning of institutional buying given Sungho’s increased market cap and expected entry into 
different index products. Ultimately, we benefited as Korea’s first active ETF for the KOSDAQ market 
launched in mid March with its largest allocation in Sungho, which helped our discovery trade.  
For accredited investors only 
7 
 
ST Pharm (237690): We added to our position during the recent market volatility to make it a top three 
position. The Company announced 1Q26 earnings in late April in which the revenue grew by 28% y/y 
and operating income by 1,025%. The high earnings growth figure was due to a seasonality-based y/y 
low base, but we believe that the core earnings growth is above 30% for the full year. We continue to be 
excited about the event path for the next year as customer approval for the first RNA-based treatment 
for a chronic disease is expected to occur later this year, which should be a non-linear event for ST 
Pharm’s addressable market. Due to the intense interest in the AI theme, the biotech sector has been 
out of favor in recent quarters, but we expect ST Pharm to benefit if this trend reverses, serving as a 
suitable diversifier for our portfolio.  
Hyvision (126700): The stock remains a top three position, and we believe a re-rating event is imminent 
as the Company releases its 1Q26 earnings in May. In the quarterly report, we expect the customer 
order backlog to have increased meaningfully, signaling a material turnaround in its core business. We 
also expect more updates regarding the growth of its new India business in Apple’s production value 
chain. Although the market may wait to see the earnings prints in subsequent quarters before materially 
re-rating the stock, we are optimistic that the market reaction will occur within this year.  
Hugel (145020): As foreshadowed in the previous letter, we exited this position in the quarter as we 
believe that 2026 will be a rebuilding year for Hugel with a recently appointed management team.  
Dreamtech (192650): After an almost three year holding period, we exited Dreamtech at a -20% loss. 
Dreamtech was arguably our most costly position to date when factoring opportunity cost and it has 
been an expensive lesson in investing in companies whose core business is not compounding. We knew 
the core business was facing headwinds, but we had been excited about the many optionalities in the 
stock (e.g. healthcare, robotics, AI). As catalysts repeatedly got delayed, we were increasingly exposed 
to the underlying weakness of the core business. This was a good reminder that when the core business 
is weak, we are paying dearly for the optionalities.   
 
Although we are currently very focused on the potential impact of the Iran conflict and the AI 
investment cycle, market reforms and initiatives to activate the capital markets are ongoing. We hope to 
provide more updates on that front in a future letter. Thank you once again for your support and please 
feel free to reach out to discuss any of the topics above.  
 
 
 
Sincerely-  
 
Jason Park 
Portfolio Manager  

For accredited investors only 
8 
 
Disclaimer  
 
FOR ACCREDITED INVESTORS ONLY. This document is prepared for a general communication for informational purposes only.  
Counterwave Capital Partners LP (the “Fund”) is a limited partnership incorporated under the laws of Delaware. The Fund is organized 
as a feeder fund and all or substantially all of the assets of the Fund, to the extent not retained in cash to meet operating  expenses, 
will be invested in the shares of Counterwave Master Fund LP  (the “Master Fund”). The Master Fund is an exempted limited 
partnership incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands . Counterwave Capital Partners GP LLC,  the general partner of the 
Fund and the Master Fund (the “General Partner), is a Delaware limited liability company and has claimed an exemption with respect 
to the Fund and the Master Fund from registration with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) as a Commodity Pool 
Operator pursuant to CFTC Rule 4.13( a)(3). This document has not been reviewed by any other regulators. Counterwave Capital 
Management LLC (the “Management Company”) is the management company to the Fund and the Master Fund responsible for 
providing discretionary investment management services to the Fund and the Master Fund, and is an exempt reporting adviser under 
the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
 
Investors are advised to consider their own investment objectives and circumstances in determining the suitability of an investment in 
the Fund. The information shown above should not be relied upon by investors for any making investment decisions with res pect to 
the Fund or in substitution for the exercise of independent judgement. 
 
This document is strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed without the express consent of the Management 
Company. 
 
 
While reasonable case has been exercised in preparing this document, the figures provided have been made based on assumptions, 
evaluation and market conditions subject to changes. the Management Company does not warrant its completeness or accuracy and 
is neither responsible for any error of facts or opinion, nor damages arising out of any person’s reliance upon this information. 
 
Investment involves risks. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. This document is provided for your infor mation 
only. Information on any market, manager, investments and any forecasts on and trends of the economy and markets which are 
targeted by the Fund are not indicative of future performance. Further relevant risk disclosures are provided under the offeri ng 
document(s). 
 
This document is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of units of the Fund or any security. Info rmation in 
this document has been prepared without taking account of the objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular  investor. 
Potential investors should read the offering document(s) before deciding whether to subscribe for or purchase units in the Fund. 
 
Accordingly, investors should, before acting on the information, consider its appropriateness, having regard to their objectives, financial 
situation and needs. This document is not to be construed as a solicitation or recommendation of investment advice. Investments 
referred to in this document are not recommendations of the Management Company or its affiliates. 
 
Certain high-volatility investments can be subject to sudden and large falls in value that could equal the amount invested. Certain 
investments contained in the document may have tax implications for private customers whereby levels and basis of taxation may be 
subject to change. The Management Company does not provide tax advice and investors should seek advice from a tax adviser.  
 
All opinions, projections and estimates based on the judgment of the author are as of the date of publication and are subject to change 
without notice.
