CS AT1 Co-Investment Opportunity 
Chief Investment Officer: Lee Robinson Portfolio Managers: Benedict Keim, Mathieu Scemama  
 
©2026 Private & Confidential| info@AltanaWealth.com | www.AltanaWealth.com 
This communication has been issued and approved by Altana Funds Limited, an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. 
 
 
CS AT1 Opportunity 
 
 
Dear Investor, 
 
We are enthusiastic to offer the opportunity to invest alongside us in the recovery of Credit Suisse AT1 
claims. 
 
Combining limited downside, a short timeframe to June 2027 and asymmetric returns, we believe this is 
one of the most attractive uncorrelated investments currently available. The statute of limitations for filing 
claims will be reached in March 2026, leavi ng only a few months to participate in the opportunity. To us, 
the current price of these instruments understates the chances that UBS will settle with AT1 holders 
something we view as likely... Our strategy offers exposure to a settlement while planning t o exit the 
position before a judgement is made, thereby limiting downside.  
 
Background 
 
In March 2023, FINMA, the Swiss financial market supervisory authority, passed emergency legislation to 
enable UBS to buy Credit Suisse (CS). This entailed writing down CS’s AT1 debt, the lowest ranking other 
than equity, but no other debt. More importantl y, lower -ranked CS equity holders were awarded CHF3 
billion in UBS stock. This was the equivalent of 17 bond points on the AT1s. At current equity values, this is 
around 34 bond points. 
 
On 14 October 2025, the Swiss Federal Administrative Court ruled that the write-off of CS AT1s in March 2023 
was unlawful, in a public -law case brought forward by over 3,000 CS AT1 holders as a public claim. The 
Court ruled that there was no legal justific ation for writing down the notes, as the Line of Credit provision 
was deemed to be liquidity support, and CS was still adequately capitalised at the time. The court also 
ruled that the emergency ordinance passed on 19 March 2023, which allowed the write -off, was unlawful 
and unconstitutional.  
 
The Supreme Court will have to opine on the  appeal from FINMA and UBS before ruling on any remedies. 
We expect the ruling on the appeal could take up to 24 months. Crucially, we don’t intend to wait until then 
for this trade. Instead, we believe there to be a high likelihood that UBS will seek to settle within the next 12-
18 months. We intend to exit this trade by June 2027 at the latest, allowing us to capture the potential 
upside from a settlement while avoiding the risk of waiting for the Supreme Court ruling.  
 
We see three scenarios going forward: 
 
1) UBS and/or FINMA take control and settle the case out of Court  
This is the most likely scenario in our view to which we assign a 65% probability. UBS could choose to agree 
a settlement directly with AT1 holders, reducing both the maximum impact from CS AT1 liabilities and 
avoiding a lasting uncertainty at a time when a debate about higher capital requirements is ongoing in 
Switzerland.  
 
We view 50 to 70 bond points as an appropriate landing area. Agreeing a deal with AT1 holders before 
finalising their 2025 year -end reporting (due at some point during H1 2026) could also prevent UBS from 
having to record a very substantial provision on it s balance sheet, which could amount to the maximum 
potential liabilities. 

CS AT1 Co-Investment Opportunity 
Chief Investment Officer: Lee Robinson Portfolio Managers: Benedict Keim, Mathieu Scemama  
 
©2026 Private & Confidential| info@AltanaWealth.com | www.AltanaWealth.com 
This communication has been issued and approved by Altana Funds Limited, an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. 
 
 
 
See https://www.ft.com/content/72b88524-305c-4768-966c-d91be9cede7a  
 
2) The decision is upheld, either fully or partially: 
We estimate that by the end of 2027, claims accruing at their respective coupon and a statutory 5% interest 
accrual on overdue amounts would reach over $22 billion (equivalent to 130+ bond points recovery for AT1 
holders). The 30+points would likely be payable in cash further pressurising the UBS balance sheet. 
 
Crucially, the amount would grow even as the court would still have to decide on the type of remedies 
(reinstatement, compensation, etc .), their final amount, and whether the ruling would apply only to filed 
claims or also to unfiled claims.  
 
Should there be no settlement, we see a 60% probability for this scenario.  
 
3) The appeal from FINMA and UBS is successful 
In that case, the public law case would be thrown out; however, there would still be justification for a private 
law case. We estimate the claims to trade around 10 in that scenario, in line with the level before the ruling 
of the Swiss Federal Administrative Court. 
 
 
 
Filed claims (estimated to represent c. 40% of the total) are currently worth around 35 points; unfiled claims 
are worth c. 5 points less, reflecting their narrower chances of benefitting from the public claim compared 
to filed claims. Simplifying, the public law case argues that the actions of the Swiss Government and FINMA 
were not constitutionally permitted. In contrast, the private law case concerns the interpretation of the 
bond indentures and whether the trigger to write down the AT1 was reached as pe r the documentation. 
 
We see outcomes of 130 points by the end of 2027 if the Supreme Court confirms the judgment, 50 -70 
points in a settlement scenario, and ten if the appeal succeeds. At 35 points, the current pricing for filed 
claims assigns the higher -probability outcome to  a ten recovery, even though the odds are stacked 
against FINMA/UBS as they are appealing a decision based on facts of law.  
 
We believe the scenario where UBS settles is currently underpriced: a $20 billion hit to its equity position 
(accrued claims as of today) would be equivalent to 15% of its market cap, hardly trivial. It would also take 
the CET1 capital ratio 4 points down to 10.5%, well below the regulatory 12.9% requirement, while current 
discussions suggest Swiss authorities may target a level in the high teens. A settlement would also leave 
UBS the flexibility to provide at least part of the amount in newly issued instru ments, rather than a 
potentially full or partial cash outcome that the Court could order. We believe Swiss regulatory authorities 
would also favour limiting potential liabilities for the country’s most systemically important financial 

CS AT1 Co-Investment Opportunity 
Chief Investment Officer: Lee Robinson Portfolio Managers: Benedict Keim, Mathieu Scemama  
 
©2026 Private & Confidential| info@AltanaWealth.com | www.AltanaWealth.com 
This communication has been issued and approved by Altana Funds Limited, an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. 
 
 
institution, especially as they are primarily at fault for these constitutional breaches.  
 
Accessing the opportunity remains challenging: filed claims require proof of ownership at the time of the 
write-off and require the owner at the time to stay formally involved in the court process, even if transferred 
through a participation agreement. Thi s introduces a slight credit risk that the original owner may not 
remain solvent through the process, complicating the recovery.  Fortunately, most of the holders are credit 
funds that run little to no leverage.  Unfiled claims, whilst with higher liquidit y, have a relatively higher 
chance of receiving zero, albeit it is hard to see the Swiss Government and/or the Swiss courts allowing 
only private claims, brought mainly through foreign funds, to be compensated with no compensation for 
other holders, of which a large percentage are Swiss residents. Importantly, unfiled claims can still be filed 
through a litigation firm before March 2026, significantly increasing the chance of a positive outcome.  
 
The Trade 
 
We offer investors the opportunity to invest alongside us in CS AT1 claims with a maximum 18 -month time 
horizon: this allows UBS to engage with AT1 holders with a view to settling the claims, driving up the value 
of the claims. We will seek to buy either filed claims or unfiled claims which we will then seek to file with our 
currently held filed claims. Clearly there is an advantage to purchasing claims prior to March 2026. A 
settlement could offer 100% returns within 12 months but if not we plan to offer i nvestors the option to exit 
prior to the appeal hearing.   
 
Conversely, as the appeal judgment is unlikely to come in less than two years, we believe the downside 
risk is minimal within that timeframe: current momentum is on the side of the judgment, with a 
confirmation currently more probable than a reversal, and therefore a low likelihood for the claims to trade 
down significantly. 
 
Those brave enough to hold until the appeal hearing, which is expected in mid to late 2027, may receive 
over 130 points (a 400% return). They also risk getting zero. We intend to exit before the appeal hearings 
commence to express our view that UBS, FINMA,  and AT1 holders will act rationally and come to a 
compromise that reflects the probabilities of all scenarios. With the statute of limitations looming in March 
2026, the window to take advantage of this opportunity will close soon.  
The trade is not easily accessible for unregulated entities, so we are offering this as a separate share class 
in the Altana Event Driven Fund. 
 
Terms  
 
Management Fee  1%  [0.5% for current investors] 
Performance Fee   20% 
Redemption    30 June 2027 or earlier at the discretion of Altana 
 
If you are interested, please get in touch with investorservices@altanawealth.com
