Quarterly Letter, January–March 2026 
 
  Jan Feb Mar Q1 2026 
Since 
Inception Annualized 
Curreen Capital Partners LP 4.15% -6.84% -11.33% -13.97% 245.6% 10.1% 
S&P 500 1.45% -0.76% -4.98% -4.33% 404.0% 13.4% 
MSCI World (US Gross) 2.26% 0. 75% -6.35% -3.51% 275.9% 10.9% 
 
Dear Partner, 
 
In the first quarter our fund was down 14%. 
 
Whenever I add someone new to our distribution list, I let them know that our quarterly letters discuss our 
actions, and our year end letters review performance. Quarters like th is show why we take this approach, 
because sometimes our stocks go down even though they are attractively priced and the businesses are 
humming along. Frankly, I much prefer to write about what we have done  in the quarter, even during the 
quarters when we are up for no particular reason. 
 
The businesses in our portfolio set a high bar. I am  pleased with their operating performance and most are 
very cheap. I analyzed many opportunities in the quarter, but none was superior to what we own. That will 
change over time, as prices fluctuate and new spinoffs appear – but in this quarter we stood pat. 
 
As a result, this quarterly letter is uncharacteristically short. 
 
We continue to pursue spinoffs of good and unders tandable businesses at a ttractive upside-to-downside 
prices, and non-spinoff good businesses selling well below my downside valuat ion. The stock market 
continues to produce both, and our focus remains on those that best meet our criteria. 
 
Thank you for your continued trust and partnership. Please reach out if  you would like to discuss our 
holdings in more detail. 
 
Sincerely, 
 
Christian Ryther 
cryther@curreencapital.com 

 
 
 
Appendix 
Curreen Capital Investments  
Lists all positions larger than 5% of the fund 
 
Advance Auto Parts (AAP)  
Advance Auto Parts is a store-based retailer of aftermarket auto motive parts and supplies. This includes batteries, windshield 
wipers and fluid, air filters, motor oil, etc. The company has historically earned de cent (approaching 20%) returns on tangible  
capital. The company is attempting a turn around, and has fixed its balance sheet an d is improving operations. Advance Auto 
currently trades at an attractive upside-to-downside ratio. 
 
Fortrea (FTRE) 
Fortrea helps its biotech and pharmaceutical customers to run clin ical trials with the goal of receiving marketing authorizatio n 
in the U.S. and other countries. Fortrea helps design the trials, recruit investigators and participants, prepare data for regulatory 
review, and other tasks needed to win the authorization to market new treatments. The company spun out of Labcorp in June 
2023, and is attempting to turn around the business. Fortrea currently trades at a very attractive upside-to-downside ratio. 
 
Frontdoor (FTDR) 
Frontdoor sells home service plans to homeowners. The compan y contracts with HVAC and othe r contractors and dispatches 
them when customers have problems with  one of their major home appliances and systems (furnace, air conditioning, 
refrigerator, electrical system, etc). Frontdoor spun out of Serv iceMaster in October 2018. Frontdoor serves about 2% of U.S. 
homes, and uses its free cash flow to grow organically, pay down debt, repurchase shares, and acquire complementary businesses. 
 
GetBusy (GETB:GB) 
GetBusy provides online document exchange systems—primarily for accountants. GetBusy spun out of Reckon in August 2017, 
and has continued to grow since then. GetBusy does not earn mo ney, investing through higher ex penses to grow its existing 
businesses and attempting to launch new products. The underlying businesses are profitable and sustainable in the U.K. and U.S. 
 
Siemens Energy (ENR:GR) 
Siemens Energy combines a world-class electrical power generation business, a world-class electricity transmission business, and 
an onshore and offshore wind turbine business that is attempting a turnaround. The company spun out of Siemens in September 
2020. After many years of weak electricity demand in OECD countries, Siemens Energy is benefiting from a cyclical boom that 
has been boosted by AI’s demand for electricity. 
 
VF Corp (VFC) 
VF Corp manages apparel brands, including The North Face, Ti mberland, and Vans. The company has fixed its balance sheet, 
improved capital allocation, and rebuilt its management team in an  effort to return the business  to growth. I believe that the 
company has good brands, the skills to ma nage them well, and a management team th at can handle the challenges that the 
company faces. VF Corp currently trades at an attractive upside-to-downside ratio. 
  
 
 
 
DISCLAIMER 
 
The information contained herein regarding Curreen C apital Partners, LP (the “Fund”) is confidential 
and proprietary and is intended only for use by th e recipient. The informa tion and opinions expressed 
herein are as of the date appearing in this material  only, are not complete, are subject to change without 
prior notice, and do not contain material information regarding the Fund, including specific information 
relating to an investment in the Fund and related important risk disclosures. This document is not intended 
to be, nor should it be construed or used as an offer to sell, or a solicitation of any offer to buy any interests 
in the Fund. If any offer is made, it shall be pu rsuant to a definitive Private Placement Memorandum 
prepared by or on behalf of the Fund which contains detailed information concerning the investment terms 
and the risks, fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Fund. 
 
An investment in the Fund is speculative and may involve substantial investment and other risks. Such risks 
may include, without limitation, risk of adverse or unanticipated market developments, risk of counterparty 
or issuer default, and risk of illiquidity. The perf ormance results of the Fund can be volatile. No 
representation is made that the Ge neral Partner’s or the Fund’s risk management process or investment 
objectives will or are likely to be achieved or successf ul or that the Fund or any investment will make any 
profit or will not sustain losses.  
 
Unless otherwise stated, the performance information contained herein is for the Fund and is net of a 1.50% 
annual asset-based management fee and a 20% annual pr ofit-based performance allocation. As with any 
hedge fund, the past performance of the Fund is no i ndication of future results. Actual returns for each 
investor in the Fund may differ due to the timing of investments. 2013 – 2025 returns were prepared based 
on audited financial statements, and 2026 performance information contained herein has not yet been 
independently audited or verified. Wh ile the data contained herein has b een prepared from information 
that Curreen Capital GP, LLC, the general partner of the Fund (the “General Partner”), believes to be 
reliable, the General Partner does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of such information.
