9 West 57th Street, 36th Floor, New York, New York 10019 | 212-390-9100 
2850 Tigertail Avenue, 5th Floor, Miami, Florida 33133 | 212-390-9260 
 
D1 Capital Partners LP  
 
D1 CAPITAL PARTNERS  
APRIL 3, 2026  
 
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
 
 
Confidential 2 
Please refer to the important disclosures on the final pages of this document.  
DAY ONE  
We are writing to provide you with an update on our recent performance,1 current positioning, business, 
and team.  
Our Public and Private Portfolios  are positive year-to-date and outperforming the MSCI World  and S&P 
500, which experienced  their worst quarters since 2022 . Given the volatility in markets, we wanted to 
review how we are positioned and why we are optimistic. 
PUBLIC PORTFOLIO  
Q1 2026 Performance  
In the first quarter, our Public Portfolio returned 3.7%2 on a 
gross basis and 2.7%3 on a net basis compared to the MSCI 
World and S&P 500, which returned - 3.6% and -4.4%, 
respectively. Our long and short portfolios generated  2.2% 
and 5.4% alpha, respectively, versus the MSCI World, or a 
7.6% unannualized long-short spread.4 Over the same period, 
our gross exposure averaged 184 % and our net exposure 
averaged 62%.  
At the position level, o ur five largest contributors to 
performance in the quarter were  long investments in Clean 
Harbors Inc., Entegris Inc., Hanwha Aerospace Co. Ltd., and 
Siemens Energy  AG, as well as a  short investment in the 
financials sector. Our five largest detractors were  long 
investments in Instacart , Kilroy Realty Corporation , Sea 
Limited, and Siemens Hea lthineers AG, as well as  a short 
investment in the consumer staples sector. We exited or 
trimmed four of our five largest contributors and added to f our of our five  largest detractors in the 
quarter. We continue to hold substantial positions in all of the largest detractors, do not believe the long-
term outlook h as changed for these businesses , and see the risk -reward from current levels  as 
asymmetric.  
From a sector standpoint, our three largest contributors to returns were industrials, hardware, and 
financials, while the largest detractors were internet, real estate, and healthcare. 
 
1 Please note that the information contained in the letter is current as of the date indicated, and is based 
on estimated performance metrics with respect to March 2026. There is no obligation to update, modify, 
or amend thi s letter in the event that information stated herein changes or subsequently becomes 
inaccurate. This letter includes detail on Public Portfolio and Private Portfolio performance. The year -to-
date total Fund performance through March 31, 202 6 was 4.4% on a gross basis, and feeder net 
performance was 3.3% (Onshore) and 3.1% (Offshore). The total Fund performance since inception was 
354.1% on a gross basis, and feeder net performance was 199. 1% (Onshore) and 215. 1% (Offshore). See 
endnotes 2 and 3 at the back of this letter for detail on the calculation of Fund gross and net returns. 
Additional endnotes are included at the back of this letter. 
 
 
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
 
3 
 
March Performance  
While we do not manage the Public Portfolio to monthly returns, given the significant volatility in markets, 
we briefly discuss performance in March below. 
In March, our Public Portfolio returned -7.4%2 on a gross basis and -6.2%3 on a net basis compared to the 
MSCI World and S&P 500, which returned -6.4% and -5.0%, respectively.  
Our returns were primarily driven by the overall market sell-off. Amidst the war with Iran and its perceived 
geopolitical implications, the MSCI World experienced its largest monthly decline since September 2022. 
Other international markets where we have exposure fared even worse: the European (STOXX 50), South 
Korean (KOSPI), and Japanese (Nikkei) markets returned -9.1%, -18.8%, and -12.7%, respectively. This was 
the worst monthly return for the STOXX 50 since the onset of Covid in March 2020, and the worst returns 
for the KOSPI and Nikkei since D1’s inception in July 2018. 
In addition to the market sell -off, we had a negative long-short spread in March , which detracted from 
returns. The weakness in long-short spread was driven more by the long side than the short side . While 
some of the longs that underperformed had negative fundamental updates, such as Sea Limited, we 
believe many others were caught in the crosshairs due to perceived exposures to the Middle East, interest 
rates, or energy markets, or sold off as a result of de -grossing among funds. These include names such 
as Hyundai Rotem Company, James Hardie Industries, Rolls -Royce Holdings Plc , and Siemens 
Healthineers AG. In general, while  some of these concerns are reasonable , we believe the share price 
movements were too short-term focused and exaggerated relative to the underlying fundamental risk.  
Approximately 60% of our March losses were attributable to investments that had been positive 
contributors in January and February. Even with the reversal in March, this group of stocks contributed 
strongly to our first quarter returns. 
Portfolio Positioning  and Considerations  
We have navigated substantial volatility in recent years  and are applying the same disciplined playbook 
in the current environment. We continue to believe our Public Portfolio is very attractive.  
Since June 2022 , when we communicated certain adjustments to our portfolio construction and risk 
management, we have weathered several significant periods of market volatility. In 2022, recession odds 
climbed to over 60% on the back of the Russia- Ukraine war, Brent oil spiked above $120 per barrel, and 
we experienced a nearly unprecedented Fed eral Reserve hiking cycle in response to  inflation, which 
exceeded 9%. In the first half of 2023, the 
insolvencies of Silicon Valley Bank and 
First Republic Bank triggered fears of a 
banking crisis. In April 2025, tariff policies 
and “Liberation Day” again prompted 
economic concerns. We have also 
experienced six short squeezes over this 
period.5 Through all of this, our Public 
Portfolio returned 2 16.7%2 on a gross 
basis and 17 1.6%3 on a net basis  
compared to the MSCI World and S&P  
500, which returned 61 .3% and 6 7.0%, 
respectively, from June 2022 through 
March 2026. 
 
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
 
4 
 
We are navigating the current market similarly to how we have in other moments of volatility. We entered 
March with what we viewed as comfortable levels of gross and net exposure, which were within the ranges 
we have communicated to investors, allowing us to focus on individual stock selection rather than overall 
de-risking. We are assessing the risk-reward of our investments across var ious scenarios. In general, we 
are rotating the portfolio toward names where we believe the probability of negative outcomes is already 
priced in and/or where we believe stock prices do not reflect medium-to-long-term fundamental value.  
The IRRs we are underwriting in our long book are generally near multi-year highs. The last time we were 
as optimistic about the long portfolio was following Liberation Day,  and we foun d that period more 
concerning than the current one. In our view, the tariffs could have created substantially more long-term 
disruption. While outcomes remain difficult to predict , our base case over the medium term  is that t he 
current situation resolves, and we return to a constructive macroeconomic environment for most of the 
companies we own . Further, the adoption of AI by enterprises since the beginning of the year has 
significantly exceeded our expectations . We believe this helps validate the AI capital expenditure cycle , 
which has been an important economic driver, and bodes well for future economic growth and 
productivity. Despite the significant level of investment in AI infrastructure thus far, we are seeing strong 
signals that demand for compute far exceeds supply. 
On the long side, we are finding attractive opportunities in companies with strong fundamentals that we 
believe have sold off indiscriminately with the broader market. The names we have been adding to are 
generally companies we have followed for a long time , have previously owned, and are high-quality 
businesses with strong management teams , in our view . Many of  these are wish  list businesses that 
generally have a low cost of capital. Therefore, it is rare that we are able to buy them at valuations where 
we underwrite potential multi -year IRRs greater than 20% . Several of  these opportunities are in 
companies outside the U .S., primarily in Europe and Asia, where equity markets have recently declined 
more than that of the U.S.  We believe our coverage expansion over the last several years has provided 
us with a larger opportunity set to find the most compelling risk-reward in volatile markets. 
For example, we have found opportunities to invest in several global consumer internet businesses that 
are perceived to be at risk from AI, and specifically from agentic commerce. These businesses have moats 
such as brand, network effect s, and logistics infrastructure, and we believe AI will improve their 
competitive positioning and profitability. They are also generally led by founders who are long -term 
oriented and investing aggressively in AI to strengthen their market position.  
Our largest ten long investments are listed in the chart on the right, in 
alphabetical order. Four of these positions are new among the top ten 
this year . Three –  Airbus SE, Siemens Healthineers  AG, and Taiwan 
Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited – were existing 
positions, while Danaher Corporation  is a position we initiated this 
year. Several of t hese businesses are currently trading at multiples 
that are substantially below their historical averages  even though we 
believe the future growth outlook is generally more compelling than 
in prior periods.  
On the short side, we have been disciplined about covering names 
where the thesis has played out  or where the price is no longer 
attractive. We are also focused on identifying new shorts  and are 
paying particular attention to companies experiencing near -term 
tailwinds that we believe will prove temporary. For example, we have initiated shorts in certain companies 
that we see as supply disruption beneficiaries  where current trends obscure underlying cyclical or 
 
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
 
5 
 
business vulnerability. We also continue to maintain short positions in companies in challenged end 
markets or that are facing competitive threats driven by innovation. 
At the end of the quarter, our gross exposure was 19 3% and our net exposure was 6 5%. While these 
exposures are at the high end of where we expect to manage the portfolio, we believe the compelling 
and asymmetric risk-reward we are underwriting justifies these levels. As the opportunity set changes in 
the future, we expect exposures to trend lower. 
PRIVATE PORTFOLIO  
In the first quarter, our Private Portfolio returned 4 .9% on a gross basis 2 and 3.7% on a net basis.3 Mark-
ups contributed 7.7% to private performance on a gross basis. Mark -downs detracted 2.9% from private 
performance on a gross basis.6 
Overall, 15 companies in the Private Portfolio were marked up 43% on average.7 The largest contributors 
to performance were Anthropic, Stripe, Collectors, Urbanic, and OpenAI, all of which were marked up as 
a result of financings  or secondary transactions .6 Below we  discuss Anthropic and Stripe, which 
accounted for nearly one-third of the overall mark-ups. 
Anthropic completed a financing that resulted in an 84% valuation increase relative to our mark at the 
beginning of the year. 7 The company is now valued at approximately $380 billion. 8 Anthropic has 
continued to exceed our expectations, driven by rapid AI adoption and successful product launches, 
including Claude Code. Public reporting suggests  the company’s revenue run- rate grew from 
approximately $9 billion at the end of 2025 to over $19 billion in early March 2026 . Later in March , 
Anthropic announced it was throttling access to Claude during peak hours to “manage growing demand,” 
a sign that usage is outstripping capacity. We first invested in Anthropic through  the Hedge Fund  in 
January 2025 when it was valued at approximately $62 billion. We added to our investment in the two 
subsequent rounds in both the Hedge Fund and Private Fund. Our investment in Anthropic has generated 
a 3.8x gross MOIC in the Hedge Fund. 9 Anthropic is also currently the largest position in the D1 Private 
Fund with $419 million of invested capital at a blended valuation of approximately $291 billion. While it is 
still a relatively nascent company, its growth has been exponential, and we believe it has the potential to 
be among the most  valuable compan ies in the world over the short term . In total, our investment in 
Anthropic across the Hedge Fund and Private Fund is $1.2 billion at the latest valuation. 
Stripe is conducting a tender offer  at a valuation of  approximately $159 billion ,10 up 52% relative to our 
mark at the beginning of the year. 7 Stripe is the leading global payments infrastructure company, 
processing trillions of dollars in total payment volume annually. The business has accelerated top line 
driven by broad-based strength in its core business  as well as contributions from AI  companies such as 
Anthropic and OpenAI, who are using Stripe as  they scale their own revenue bases. The company has 
also delivered meaningful margin expansion over the past several years. W e believe Stripe is well 
positioned to benefit from several long- term tailwinds, including the continued shift to digital payments  
and increasing AI usage, along with potential upside from any increase in agentic commerce or stablecoin 
adoption. We first invested in the company in 2019 when it was valued at approximately $35 billion, and 
our investment has generated a 3.4x gross MOIC in the Hedge Fund.9 We expect to add to our investment 
in Stripe in this tender offer in both the Hedge Fund and Private Fund. 
Overall, 12 companies in the Private Portfolio were marked down 19% on average.7 The largest detractors 
were Bolt, Gopuff, and Skims, which were marked down because of weakening fundamental performance, 
along with Instacart and Geek+, which were marked to public prices.6  
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
 
6 
 
As noted in our last letter , we anticipate more liquidity events. SpaceX , which represents 44 % of our 
Private Portfolio, is publicly preparing for a listing this year in what may be the largest IPO of all time.  
Across the Hedge Fund and Private Fund, we continue to hold our SpaceX position at the pre-xAI merger 
valuation of $800 billion, which is the company’s valuation based on the last tender that was announced 
in December 2025. This would equate to a $1 trillion post -merger valuation for SpaceX, which compares 
to the merger/combined company valuation of $1.25 trillion. A s we have discussed, we remain very 
excited about the transformative potential and long- term growth trajectory of the company. Given the 
large position size, we intend to keep investors updated as we learn more about the timing and mechanics 
of the public listing. 
BUSINESS UPDATES 
We are pleased to share that we closed the D1 Private Fund with approximately $2. 7 billion in 
commitments, not including commitments to our Co- investment Fund. 11 While d emand for the fund 
exceeded this level, we made the decision to cap commitments. We are grateful for our existing LPs who 
supported us in this fund, as well as the new LPs who have placed their confidence in us. My family office 
and other members of the D1 team collectively comprise 15% of commitments and are the single largest 
investor in the fund.11 
In the D1 Private Fund, we have invested or 
committed to invest $ 1.3 billion across the 
ten companies shown in the table on the 
right.12 Additionally, t here are several 
investments in the pipeline that  we look 
forward to discussing  with you  once 
closed. 
With respect to the Hedge Fund, as we 
discussed in the last letter, we are limiting 
new subscriptions to manage the Public 
Portfolio's size, as we expect it will grow 
organically from performance as well as 
private realizations. 
We also continue to evaluate the launch of a long-only strategy and look forward to updating you on this 
in the near term. 
TEAM UPDATES  
With respect to the team, a t present, D1 consists of 80  team members, including 7 investment partners, 
20 investment analysts, 11 team members focused on investment operations and due diligence (research 
operations, trading, data science, investigative research), 41 professionals on the business team, and me. 
Since our last communication, we added one investment analyst , two members to our legal and 
compliance team, and one member to our information technology team. Biographies for the new team 
members are provided below.  
Investment Team  
Kartikay Sharma  is an Investment Analyst focusing on public opportunities within the Consumer sector. 
Prior to joining D1 in 2026, Kartikay was an Associate on the private equity team at Apollo. Before joining 
Apollo, Kartikay was an Analyst at PJT Partners in the restructuring and special situations group. Kartikay 
  
 
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
 
7 
 
graduated, summa cum laude, from New York University in 2022 with a B.S. in Business (concentrations 
in Finance and Economics). 
Legal and Compliance  
Justin Stein  is Associate General Counsel  focusing on private investments. Prior to joining D1 in 2026, 
Justin spent five years covering private equity transactions at GIC, a Singaporean sovereign wealth fund. 
Before moving in -house, Justin was an A ssociate in the M&A and capital markets groups at Cravath, 
Swaine & Moore LLP. He graduated from The University of Texas at Austin in 2011 and received a J.D. 
from The University of Texas School of Law in 2015. 
Alana Candido is a Compliance Associate. Prior to joining D1 in 2026, Alana was an Associate Director of 
Compliance at Sound Point Capital. Before joining Sound Point Capital, Alana was a Legal and Compliance 
Analyst at Capstone Investment Advisors. Alana graduated from Lehigh University in 2018 with a B.A. in 
Political Science. 
Information Technology  
Edan Bar is a Senior Data Engineer. Prior to joining D1 in 2026, Edan was a Senior Software Enginee r at 
Bloomberg for over eight years , covering data and software engineering for a variety of applications, 
ranging from infrastructure to client -facing Bloomberg Terminal f unctions. Before joining Bloomberg, 
Edan consulted at Luminar Technologies for three years, focus ing on building automated testing 
infrastructure. Edan graduated with both a B.S. in Applied Economics from the Dyson School and a B.S. 
in Biological Statistics from the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences at Cornell University.  
CONCLUSION 
While the timeframes  and outcomes of geopolitical event s are difficult to predict , we believe  these 
periods often present attractive opportunities to take advantage of dislocations in the market. We believe 
the ability to remain clear -headed, focus on risk -reward, and take a long- term view is one of our key  
advantages during periods of volatility.  We are grateful for the confidence you have placed in us to 
manage your capital. 
 
Daniel S. Sundheim 
April 3, 2026  
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
 
8 
 
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES  
 
D1 Capital Partners L.P. (“D1”) is providing this letter to investors in D1 Capital Partners Onshore LP (the “Onshore Fund”), D1 Capital Partners Offshore LP (the 
“Offshore Fund”), and D1 Capital Partners Offshore LTD (the “Offshore Feeder Fund ”, collectively, the “ Hybrid Fund” or “Hedge Fund” ). This letter and the 
material contained herein are trade secret and confidential and may not be distributed in whole or in part to anyone other than the intended recipients. Please 
do not re-circulate or otherwise disclose except to your colleagues and advisors for their use in this regard. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution 
of this letter is strictly prohibited. D1 currently manages, among other clients, the Hybrid Fund and a closed-end private investment fund that makes investments 
in privately-offered securities (the “Private Fund”). This letter also contains preliminary information regarding a prospective long only fund managed by D1 (the 
“Long Only Fund”, together with the Hybrid Fund and the Private Fund, the “D1 Funds”). No statements or information contained herein should be construed as 
a guarantee or assurance that D1 will ultimately pursue launching the Long Only Fund. 
This letter is being provided for informational purposes only. This letter is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy securities, or of new or additional 
investment advisory services, in the D1 Funds or any other investment vehicle, or a recommendation to enter into any transaction, and may not be relied upon 
in connection with any offer or sale of securities. Any such offer or solicitation may only be made pursuant to the applicable D1 Fund’s current Confidential 
Private Placement Memorandum (or similar document) for each such D1 Fund and other applicable governing documents (the “Fund Documents”). Interests in 
any fund managed or sponsored by D1 or its affiliates will not be offered or sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer or sale is unlawful until the requirements 
of the laws of such jurisdiction have been satisfied.  
This letter contains information presented at a high level, and as a result this letter does not contain all information or material terms pertinent to an investment 
decision. This letter in and of itself should not form the basis for any investment decision. D1 is not acting and does not purport to act in any way as an adviser 
or in a fiduciary capacity vis-à-vis any investor in the D1 Funds. Therefore, it is strongly suggested that any investor or prospective investor in the D1 Funds obtain 
independent advice in relation to any investment, financ ial, or other issues addressed herein. Nothing contained herein shall constitute or establish any 
representation or warranty as to the future performance of any financial instrument, credit, currency,  rate or other market or economic measure. While we 
discuss specific investments in the Hybrid Fund’s portfolios in this letter, please note that such discussion does not reflect the state of the overall portfolio, is not 
a comprehensive list of all portfolio investments, and only relates to the Hybrid Fund’s investments in such positions. Such investments may generate negative 
returns. No guarantee or assurance is made that the D1 Funds’ investments will have similar characteristics to investments discussed herein. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the information contained in this letter is current as of March 31, 2026. The views expressed in this letter are based in part on publicly 
available information, including information derived or obtained from (i) public filings, (ii) portfolio companies in which the D1 Funds have invested, and (iii) from 
third parties. D1 recognizes that there may be nonpublic or other information in the possession of the companies discussed he rein that could lead these 
companies and others to disagree with D1’s conclusions. D1 has not necessarily sought or obtained consent from any third party to use any statements or 
information indicated herein as having been obtained or derived from statements made or published by third parties, nor has i t paid for any such statements. 
Information used in this letter is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty is made, 
expressed or implied, with respect to the fairness, correctness, accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of the information and opinions contained in this 
letter. Additionally, there is no obligation to update, modify or amend this letter or to otherwise notify a reader in the event that any matter stated herein, or 
any opinion, projection, forecast or estimate set forth herein, changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate.  
Certain information contained in this letter constitutes “forward-looking statements,” which can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as 
“may”, “will”, “should”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “target”, “project”, “estimate”, “intend”, “continue” or “believe” or the negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results or the actual policies, p rocedures and processes of D1 and 
the performance of the D1 Funds may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements and no undue reliance should 
be placed on these forward-looking statements. Their inclusion should not be construed as a representation by D1 that the D1 Funds will achieve any strategy, 
objective, or plan. Any projections included herein are D1’s internal estimates, which are informed by information and inputs that D1 considers to be reasonable; 
however, such estimates are forward-looking, incorporate assumptions and other subjective judgments, and should not be relied upon. 
An investment in any Fund is speculat ive and entails substantial risks, including the fact that such an investment would be illiquid and be subject to significant  
restrictions on transferability. No market is expected to develop for interests in any Fund. Returns generated from an investment in a Fund may not adequately 
compensate investors for the business and financial risks assumed. An investor in a Fund could lose all or a substantial amount of its investment. Financial 
instruments and investment opportunities discussed or referenced herein may not be suitable for all investors, and potential investors must make an independent 
assessment of the appropriateness of any transaction in light of their own objectives and circumstances, including the possible risks and benefits of entering into 
such a transaction. Please see the Fund Documents for an overview of the risks associated with an investment in a Fund. 
Certain sections of this letter contain performance information for the Hybrid Fund. Unless otherwise specified, all performance information is for the Onshore 
Fund. All performance information included herein is illustrative — none of the performance figures shown are meant to reflect the returns of any specific 
investor in the Hybrid Fund. An investor’s returns will likely differ materially from what is stated herein and investors should refer to their capi tal account 
statements for their specific gains and/or losses. Many factors will impact a specific investor’s returns, including, without limitation, such investor’s: timing 
of subscriptions into the Hybrid Fund, rates of fees paid, applicable high water mark, class of interests (including such class’s eligibility to participate in private 
investments), eligibility to participate in new issues, and private investment percentage  (“PIP”) (which can vary investor -by-investor). Investors will only 
participate in private investments initiated after their subscription. Certain performance figures contained herein, where specifically indicated, apply Class D 
fees for illustrative purposes, which represent the highest of the “conventional” fee structures applicable to the Hybrid Fund (i.e., a fixed management fee 
and incentive allocation)— such a conventional fee structure is applicable to the majority of investors in the Hybrid Fund.  Incentive allocation calculations for 
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
 
9 
 
unrealized private investments always assume realization at D1’s present valuations; however, the ultimate realization value of such investments may differ 
materially from D1’s present valuations, which would impact the calculation of incentive allocations. 
Certain performance metrics are calculated for the “Public Portfolio” and “Private Portfolio” (each, a “Portfolio”) in isolation on a pro forma basis. Each Portfolio’s 
performance is calculated using the same methodology as the Fund Gross Return and Fund Net Return, applied solely to the applicable Portfolio.  Performance 
figures are net of all fees and expenses unless otherwise indicated.  In practice, the Hybrid Fund nets the gains and losses between the Public Portfolio and Private 
Portfolio (as applicable) related to private investment realizations , when applicable, to arrive at the Hybrid Fund’s net performance. Performance by Portfolio 
does not reflect the impact of such netting and ignores any offset of losses in the other Portfolio, which could have a material impact with respect to the fees 
applied to each Portfolio. Therefore, the Public Portfolio and Private Portfolio returns that an investor experiences could materially differ from the returns shown 
here. Portfolio-level performance is presented pro forma for illustrative purposes — please note that  D1 operates the Hybrid  Fund as a single strategy and 
portfolio, and considerations relevant to one Portfolio can affect investment decisions for the other. Performance of the Private Portfolio incorporates returns 
of unrealized private investments, which are subject to various assumptions and criteria, and the realized value of such inve stments may ultimately differ 
materially from what is assumed herein. In addition, while incentive allocation for the Private Portfolio is accrued on the basis of unrealized gains, it will only be 
taken upon realization of private investments. The net returns presented with respect to the performance by Portfolio also reflect the impact of a loss recovery 
account (which is applied to each Portfolio in isolation), whereby incentive allocation is not accrued on gains made following losses until subsequent gains exceed 
the high water mark. Additionally, when calculating the net return of either Portfolio, where there is an unrealized or realized loss in the Public Portfolio or 
Private Portfolio in a period, there may be a reversal of previously accrued incentive allocation related to unrealized or realized gains in the Public or Private 
Portfolio as applicable. With respect to the performance of all private investments, we have assumed that all assets and liabilities are realized at their reported 
fair value. The actual realized value of currently unrealized investments will depend upon numerous factors that may not be comprehensively accounted for in 
D1’s current unrealized valuation.   
This letter also shows certain attribution and exposure metrics relating to the Hybrid Fund’s performance and NAV.  Attribution figures and exposure metrics are 
shown for informational purposes to reflect how the Hybrid Fund’s performance was achieved during the period identified herein and are not representative of 
any portfolio-level performance. Attribution metrics are net of all fees and expenses unless otherwise indicated . Such figures are not representative of any 
investor-level performance and reflect a pro forma “net” return reflecting actual performance and the application of approximated management fees and 
incentive allocation.   
The Hybrid Fund has used, and may in the future use,  a subscription credit facility (the “Subscription Facility”), which allows the Hybrid  Fund to incur leverage 
for the purpose of making investments prior to the receipt of capital contributions from investors. When the Subscription Facility is used, investors may 
experience gains or losses on their investments prior to the contribution of capital. For purposes of calculating the internal rate of return (IRR), transaction cash 
flows are used (rather than cash f lows from investors). As such, the use of the Subscription Facility does not impact the IRR. Of note, because the use of such  
facilities is not universal among fund managers, and some fund managers use investor cash flows as opposed to transaction cash flows to calculate internal rates 
of return, the use of such facilities makes it more challenging for Investors to compare reported returns across similar private funds. The Hybrid Fund also uses 
leverage incurred pursuant to a credit facility to borrow amoun ts for private investments using existing investments as collateral (the “ NAV Facility”), and the 
impact of leverage is incorporated in the Private Portfolio’s performance , as well as Hybrid  Fund performance that includes the performance of the Private 
Portfolio. As the NAV Facility allows D1 to make investments it would not have otherwise been able to make, such leverage  could have a positive or negative 
impact on the Hybrid Fund’s overall returns. The NAV Facility imposes additional costs on the Hybrid  Fund and creates risks and conflicts of interest. Leverage 
has the ability to increase returns as well as losses, and the risks associated with the NAV Facility are more fully described in the Fund Documents. With respect 
to certain performance figures, the costs of leverage are included in deductions for Hybrid Fund-level expenses as described in the Endnotes below. 
Certain indices are referenced here because D1 believes that they serve as a useful point of comparison with aspects of the Hybrid Fund’s portfolio management 
and composition. The Hybrid Fund’s portfolio will not replicate any of these indices and no guarantee is given that performance will match any of these indices; 
it is not possible to invest in any index. The MSCI World i ndex (“MSCI World Index”) is a market-capitalization weighted index that is designed to measure the 
equity market performance of developed markets. The MSCI World Index consists of 23 developed market country indices. It covers approximately 85% of the 
free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country and the MSCI World Index does not offer exposure to emerging markets. The MSCI World Index is based 
on the MSCI Global Investable Market Indices (GIMI) Methodology, which aims to provide exhaustive coverage of the relevant investment opportunity set with 
a strong emphasis on index liquidity, investability and replicability. The MSCI  World Index is reviewed quarterly and rebalanced semi- annually. The S&P 500® 
Index is one of the most commonly used benchmarks for the overall U.S. stock market, and it tracks the average performance of 500 widely held stocks including 
industrial, transportation, financial, and utility stocks. The composition of the 500 stocks is flexible and the number of issuers in each sector varies over time. The 
performance of the S&P 500 is not necessarily correlated to the performance of any fund as the composition of the S&P 500 may differ substantially from the 
types of securities in any fund’s portfolio. The S&P 500 is unmanaged, is not investable, has no expenses, and reflects the reinvestment of dividends and 
distributions.  
Statements about D1’s policies and internal processes, including in reference to, without limitation, D1’s investment, portfo lio management, trading and 
valuation processes, are included solely for illustrative purposes, and are not intended to supplement or supersede D1’s policies and procedures, or disclosures 
regarding such policies in applicable Fund Documents.  Recipients should understand that D1’s actual processes, and the outco mes resulting therefrom, may 
differ materially from what is stated herein. 
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF OR A GUARANTEE OF FUTURE RESULTS. 
  
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
 
10 
 
ENDNOTES  
2 The Fund (Gross) return (the “Fund Gross Return”) reflects the aggregate return of all investments (both public and private) made 
by the Hybrid Fund, or of a particular Portfolio, as applicable, after the deduction of accrued expenses but prior to the deduction 
of management fees and incentive allocation paid to D1. The deduction of management fees and incentive allocation will reduce  
the return, and the Fund Gross Return does not reflect the performance of any investor. An investor will be subject to the p rivate 
investment percentage (the “PIP”) elected by the investor and will only participate in private investments made on or after t he 
investor's subscription date, which will result in an investor having material differences in portfolio composition and r eturns 
compared to the Hybrid Fund overall.  Additionally, Classes M and N of the Hybrid Fund invest in the Private Fund; the performance 
of those classes is included in the Fund Gross Return.  The Hybrid Fund uses leverage incurred pursuant to a NAV Facility, and the 
impact of leverage is incorporated in the Fund Gross Return. The Fund Gross Return also incorporates returns of unrealized private 
investments, which are subject to various assumptions and criteria, and the realized value of such investments may ultimately differ 
materially from what is assumed herein. Please see the “Important Disclosures” for further information on the calculation of 
performance for each Portfolio. 
3 The Fund (Net) return (the “Fund Net Return”) reflects the net performance of all fee-paying Investors in the Hybrid Fund or of a 
particular Portfolio, as applicable, regardless of eligibility to invest in new issues. The Fund Net Return reflects the deduction of the 
actual management fees and incentive allocation paid to D1. Investors are subject to different management  fee and incentive 
allocation rates depending on their respective class (the “Class”). The Fund Net Return is a “blended” return in that it includes the 
performance of all fee -paying investors in the various Classes. As a result, the blended management fee and incentive allocation 
rates applicable to the Fund Net Return may be lower or higher than the management fee and incentive allocation rates applicable 
to a specific investor, therefore, the Fund Net Return may be materially higher than the performance achieved by a specific investor. 
Furthermore, the eligibility to participate in new issues is likely to have  a significant bearing on individual investors’ performance, 
which may also result in material differences between the Fund Net Return and the performance achieved by any specific investor. 
The Fund Net Return reflects the impact of a loss recovery account, whereby incentive allocation is not accrued on gains made 
following losses until subsequent gains exceed the "high water mark." Additionally, in calculating the Fund Net Return, where there 
is an unrealized or realized loss in the Public Portfolio or Private Portfolio in the period, there may be a reversal of previously accrued 
incentive allocation related to unrealized or realized gains in the Public Portfolio or Private Portfolio, as applicable.  Al though 
incentive allocation will only be taken for private investments upon realizat ion, incentive allocations are accrued for private 
investments on the basis of unrealized gains and losses. As such, the realized value of private investments may ultimately di ffer 
materially from what is assumed herein.  The indirect investment in the D1 Private Fund via Classes M and N is subject to the 
applicable D1 Private Fund terms. The Fund Net Return is shown for illustrative purposes only and is not an indication of the return 
of any particular investor or Class. The Class-level net return figures, as well as the management fee and incentive allocation rates 
applicable to classes A -N are available upon request and are included in the Quarterly Investor Report. Each investor’s return is 
communicated and reported individually and may be materially dif ferent than the Fund Net Return shown herein.  Please see the 
“Important Disclosures” for further information on the calculation of performance for each Portfolio. 
4 The long and short portfolio returns and alpha figures shown here reflect the daily compounded performance of the Public Portfolio 
long and short books in isolation, without the impact of leverage, and in the case of alpha, compared to the performance of t he 
MSCI World Index. The long and short portfolio returns and alpha figures do not reflect the deduction of expenses, management  
fees and incentive allocation, the deduction of which will reduce performance. The impact of expenses, management fees and 
incentive allocation on the actual long and short book (with the impact of leverage) is incorporated in long and short net attribution 
figures (to the extent applicable). In calculating unlevered alpha, D1 has not altered the composition or performance of the MSCI 
World Index to mirror or otherw ise replicate the exposure levels used by the Hybrid Fund. Investors should not assume that 
unlevered alpha figures are indicative of the potential for future outperformance of any benchmark. The actual long book and short 
book of the Public Portfolio use leverage, which has a material impact on returns. Leverage can increase or decrease performance 
and creates greater risk of loss. Performance of the long and short book are shown in isolation and no netting of performance  
between the long and short components of the portfolio is reflected. In practice, the Hybrid Fund nets the gains and losses of each 
component of the portfolio (as applicable) to arrive at the Fund Net Return (as well as other Fund -level portfolio metrics), and 
therefore the returns that investors experience are likely to materially differ from the returns of the long book and short book shown 
independently here. The long-short spread figures reflect the difference between the long alpha and the inverse of the short alpha 
metrics.  
5 For purposes of this analysis, periods referenced as “squeezes” are those where the inverted performance of the GS Most Short  
Rolling Index (GSCBMSAL Index) (i.e., if the index had been sold short) had a drawdown of -15% or greater, based on full calendar 
month returns. 
6 The performance and attribution metrics  for investments marked up and marked down are  based on PnL (excluding foreign 
exchange, dividends and interest accruals) for the period divided by the beginning of year gross market value plus any purchases 
made from the start of the applicable period. These performance and attribution metrics do not reflect the deduction of expenses, 
management fees and incentive allocation, the deduction of which will reduce performance and/or attribution. These performance 
metrics exclude the impact of foreign exchange, dividends, interest accruals and expenses, as well as positions that had immaterial 
mark-ups or mark -downs, defined as l ess than 2.5 basis points of the applicable private AUM. The mark -up and mark -down 
contributions to the net return reported exclude financing and other expenses that contributed -0.1% to the net return. 
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
 
11 
 
7 Metrics regarding mark-ups and mark-downs reflect the change in Current Market  Value over the period indicated, and do not 
reflect the impact of fees or expenses, which would reduce returns.  
8 https://www.anthropic.com/news/anthropic-raises-30-billion-series-g-funding-380-billion-post-money-valuation 
9  Gross multiple on invested capital (“MOIC”) represents the ratio of aggregated unrealized private investments (“current market 
value”) and all proceeds received relative to the total capital invested prior to the deduction of expenses, management fees and 
incentive allocation. Gross MOIC metrics do not reflect taxes, hedging activities, or transaction costs in connection with the 
acquisition/disposition of investments and other expenses to be borne by investors, which will reduce returns and, in the aggregate, 
are expected to be substantial. ITD fund-level net performance is included in the cover page footnote.  
10 https://stripe.com/newsroom/news/stripe-2025-update 
11 Figures reflect aggregate capital commitments to D1 Private Fund Onshore LP  and D1 Private Fund Offshore LP  (together, the 
“Private Fund”). 
12 The amount of capital deployed represents the total capital invested (or committed to invest) by the Private Fund as of the date 
hereof, without taking into account associated costs or expenses related to those investments.  
 
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
General  
The information contained in this document does not constitute, and should not be construed as an oﬀer of, invitation or proposal to 
make an oﬀer for, recommendation to apply for or an opinion or guidance on a ﬁnancial product, service and/or strategy. Any such oﬀer 
or solicitation may only be made pursuant to the applicable ﬁnancial product’s oﬀering and governing documents. Interests in any such 
ﬁnancial product, service and/or strategy will not be oﬀered or sold in any jurisdiction in which such oﬀer or sale is unlawful until the 
requirements of the laws of such jurisdiction have been satisﬁed. Whilst great care has been taken to ensure that the information contained 
in this document is accurate, no responsibility can be accepted for any errors,  mistakes or omissions or for any action taken in reliance 
thereon. You may only reproduce, circulate and/or use this document (or any part of it) with the consent of D1 Capital Partners L.P. (“D1”). 
The information contained in this document is for information purposes only. It is not intended for and should not be distrib uted to, or 
relied upon by, members of the public. 
The information contained in this document may contain statements that are not purely historical in nature but are “forward -looking 
statements”. These include, amongst other things, projections, forecasts or estimates of income. These forward-looking statements are 
based upon certain assumptions, some of which are described in other relevant documents or materials. If you do not understand the 
contents of this document, you should consult an authorized ﬁnancial adviser. 
 
Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM)  
The information contained in this document is intended strictly for Authorised Persons and Recognised Bodies. 
This communication is sent strictly within the context of, and constitutes, an Exempt Communication. 
This document relates to D1 and its aﬃliates, which is not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the Financial Services Regulatory 
Authority of the Abu Dhabi Global Market (the “FSRA”). 
The FSRA accepts no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any prospectus or documents in connection with D1. Accordingly, the FSRA 
has not approved this document or any other associated documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in this document, 
and has no responsibility for it. 
The ﬁnancial product to which this document relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on its resale. Prospectiv e purchasers 
should conduct their own due diligence on the ﬁnancial product. 
This document does not constitute or form part of any oﬀer to issue or sell, or any solicitation of any oﬀer to subscribe or purchase an 
oﬀering in the Abu Dhabi Global Market and accordingly should not be construed as such. 
If you do not understand the contents of this document, you should consult an authorised ﬁnancial adviser. 
This communication and any related document is strictly not directed to those who would be considered a Retail Client under the FSRA’s 
Conduct of Business Rules (COBS). 
 
Argentina  
This document has been delivered speciﬁcally to the recipient, therefore it is conﬁdential and for the sole use of the reci pient. 
Redistribution among third parties is strictly prohibited. 
D1 is not and will not be marketed in Argentina by means of a public oﬀering, as such term is deﬁned under Section 2 of Law  Nº 26,831, 
as amended. No application has been or will be made with the Argentine Comisión Nacional de Valores, the Argentine securities 
governmental authority, to oﬀer the Fund in Argentina. 
The transfer of interests in the Fund is restricted by Article 10 of the CNV General Resolution 1016/2024. The Fund is not under the public 
oﬀering regime. This is a Private Oﬀer under the terms of Section I of Chapter I of Title XX of the CNV regulations, and as such, it is not 
authorised by the CNV. Therefore, the issuance is not subject to its general, periodic, and informational regime, nor to over sight. 
Furthermore, the CNV has not issued any judgment on the data contained in any oﬀering document or on the truthfulness of any ﬁnancial, 
accounting, and economic information, as well as any other information provided in these documents, which remains the sole 
responsibility of the Fund and other involved parties.  
 
Brazil  
The securities may not be oﬀered or sold to the public in Brazil. Accordingly, the securities have not been and will not be registered with 
the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission (Comissão de Valores Mobiliários, the “CVM”), nor have been submit ted to the 
foregoing agency for approval. Documents relating to the securities, as well as the information contained therein, may not be supplied to 
the public in Brazil, as the oﬀering of securities is not a public oﬀering of securities in Brazil, nor used in connection with any oﬀer for 
subscription or sale of securities to the public in Brazil. A seller of the securities may be asked by the purchaser to comply with procedural 
requirements to evidence previous title to the securities and may be subject to Brazilian tax on capital gains which may be withheld from 
the sale price. Persons wishing to oﬀer or acquire the securities within Brazil should consult with their own counsel as to the applicability 
of these registration requirements or any exemption therefrom. By receiving this document, you irrevocably conﬁrm that you are a 
professional investor as deﬁned under CVM Resolution No. 30, of 11 May 2021.
 
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
 
Brunei Darussalam  
This document has not been delivered to, licensed or permitted by Brunei Darussalam Central Bank. Nor has it been registered with the 
Registrar of Companies. This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an invitation or oﬀer to the public. As 
such, it must not be distributed or redistributed to and may not be relied upon or used by any person in Brunei other than the person to 
whom it is directly communicated and who belongs to the class of persons as deﬁned under Section 20 of the Brunei Securities Markets 
Order, 2013.  
 
Chile 
This document is being provided for information purposes only and should not be considered, in any way, as an oﬀer, evaluati on, 
recommendation or solicitation of the Fund. The recipient of this document understands and agrees that D1 may not oﬀer or provide any 
of the interests in the Fund in Chile, that D1 and the Fund are not regulated by the Chilean authorities and that participation in the Fund 
is an unsolicited oﬀshore investment activity that is not subject to any Chilean supervision and is not gua ranteed by any regulatory or 
governmental agency in Chile.  
The fund has not been registered with the Chilean Commission for the Financial Market (Comisión Para El Mercado Financiero, “CMF”). 
Therefore, the interests in the Fund may not be sold, oﬀered or distributed in the Republic of Chile nor may any subsequent resale of the 
interests be carried out in the Republic of Chile except (1) in circumstances which do not constitute a public oﬀer of secur ities in the 
Republic of Chile as deﬁned in the Chilean Securities Market Act (ley 18,045, De Mercado De Valores) or; (2) in compliance with an 
exemption to the public oﬀering restriction or (3) complying with all legal and regulatory requirements in relation thereto. 
Neither this document any other oﬀering material in relation to D1 has been registered with the CMF and therefore they are not intended 
for the public oﬀer of the interests in the Fund in the Republic of Chile. 
 
Colombia  
The securities have not been, and will not be, registered with the Colombian National Registry of Securities and Issuers (Registro Nacional 
de Valores y Emisores) or traded on the Colombian Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Valores de Colombia). Unless so registered, the securities 
may not be publicly oﬀered in Colombia or traded on the Colombian Stock Exchange.  
This document is for the sole and exclusive use of the addressee, and it shall not be interpreted as being addressed to any third party in 
Colombia or for the use of any third party in Colombia, including any shareholders, managers or employees of the addressee.  
The investor acknowledges that certain Colombian laws and regulations (including but not limited to foreign exchange and tax 
regulations) may apply in connection with the investment in the securities and represents that it is the sole liable party for full compliance 
therewith. 
 
Costa Rica  
This information is being provided in response to your unsolicited request. D1 is not an entity or person authorised to make public oﬀerings 
of securities brokerage services in Costa Rica and is not supervised by SUGEVAL.  
 
Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC)  
This document relates to a ﬁnancial product, service and/or strategy (“Product”) which is not subject to any form of regulation or approval 
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). 
This document and the information contained herein is only intended for recipients who are classiﬁed as ‘Deemed’ Professional Clients 
under the DFSA Rulebook or following their request for such document. 
The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any document or other documents in connection with this Product. Accordingly, 
the DFSA has not approved this document or any other associated documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in 
this document, and has no responsibility for it. 
The oﬀering to which this document relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers should 
conduct their own due diligence on the oﬀering. If you do not understand the contents of this document, you should consult an authorised 
ﬁnancial adviser. 
This information does not constitute or form part of any oﬀer to issue or sell, or any solicitation of any oﬀer to subscribe for or purchase, 
any securities, investment products and/or services in the Dubai International Financial Centre and accordingly should not be construed 
as such. 
Furthermore, this information is being made available on the basis that the recipient acknowledges and understands that the entities and 
securities to which it may relate have not been approved, licensed by or registered by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”) or 
any other relevant licensing authority or governmental agency in the UAE. 
The content of this report has not been approved by or ﬁled with the DFSA. 
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
The information contained in this document is intended strictly for Professional Clients as deﬁned under the Dubai Financial  Services 
Authority (“DFSA”) Conduct of Business (“COB”) Rules. 
 
Germany 
The interests in an investment vehicle managed by D1 are oﬀered upon the express and unsolicited request of the investor who has directly 
contacted D1 or their aﬃliates on the investor’s own initiative. No active marketing of  any investment vehicle managed by D1 has been 
made nor will it be made in Germany, and this document has been sent to the investor at the investor’s unsolicited request. The investor 
acknowledges and conﬁrms the above and that this document shall not be copied or otherwise distributed unl ess permitted by, and in 
compliance with, applicable law. You hereby acknowledge that you have made such an unsolicited reverse enquiry to D1. By receiving this 
document, you irrevocably conﬁrm that you are a “Professional Investor” as deﬁned under Annex II of MiFID II.  
 
Guatemala 
This communication is sent exclusively to the addressee in response to a reverse enquiry, for its personal consideration in the investment 
in the fund issued by D1. The content of the information shared comes from data and/or documents provided by D1.  This information is 
shared directly and conﬁdentially with its recipient, who shall handle it with the necessary discretion, being strictly forb idden to take 
personal advantage and/or reproduce such information for his own beneﬁt, with the exception of those cases in which he seeks to trade 
the preferred securities. This information is not being distributed openly to the public or massively, the related securities  are not being 
systematically placed.  
 
Hong Kong  
The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in 
relation to the oﬀer. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, you should obtain independent p rofessional 
advice.  
Interests in D1 have not been and will not be oﬀered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than: (i) to “professional 
investors” as deﬁned in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) 
in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as deﬁned in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an oﬀer to the public within the meaning of that 
Ordinance; and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the interests in D1, has been issued or possessed for the purposes of 
issue, nor will be issued or possessed for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, which is directed at, or the contents 
of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities law s of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to interests in D1 which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only 
to “professional investors” as deﬁned in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made und er that 
Ordinance. 
The information contained in this document is intended strictly for the attention of the institution to whom it is addressed and is provided 
from D1 on the basis of an unsolicited reverse enquiry made by you. You hereby acknowledge that you have made such an unsolicited 
reverse enquiry to D1. 
 
India 
D1 has not oﬀered or sold and will not oﬀer or sell in India, by means of any document, any Interests in circumstances which would 
constitute an oﬀering to the public in India within the meaning of the 2013 Companies Act; and the D1 represents and agree s that any 
document by means of which it oﬀers the Interests will not be generally distributed or circulated in India and will be for t he sole 
consideration and exclusive use of the persons permitted to acquire Interests under Indian law to whom it is iss ued. This document is 
strictly personal to the recipient and neither this document nor its  issuance is calculated to result, directly or indirectly, in the Interests 
becoming available for subscription or purchase by persons other than those receiving the invitation or oﬀer. No general sol icitation or 
oﬀering to persons in India is made hereby and this document has not been made available to the public in India.   
The Interests have not been approved by the SEBI, Reserve Bank of India or any other regulatory authority of India, nor have the foregoing 
authorities approved this document or conﬁrmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this 
document. This document has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus or a statement in lieu of prospectus with the Registrar 
of Companies in India.  
Prospective investors must seek legal advice as to whether they are entitled to subscribe to the Interests and must comply with all relevant 
Indian laws in this respect. Each investor is deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that it is eligible to invest in the Interests under 
applicable laws and regulations and that it is not prohibited under any law or regulation in India from acquiring, owning or selling the 
Interests. 
D1 has no business operations and does not undertake any business activities in India. Additionally, you hereby acknowledge t hat you 
have made such an unsolicited reverse enquiry to D1. By receiving this document, you irrevocably conﬁrm that you are a “Pe rmitted 
Investor” in accordance with Indian securities laws, including the SEBI (Collective Investment Schemes) Regulations, 1999 and applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
Israel 
D1 is not licensed under Israel’s Regulation of Investment Advising, Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law, 5755-1995 (the 
“Advice Law”) and does not carry insurance pursuant to the Advice Law. No action has been or will be taken in Israel that would permit a 
public oﬀering or distribution of the fund mentioned in this document to the public in Israel. This document and the funds m entioned 
herein have not been approved by the Israeli Securities Authority (the “ISA”). In addition, the funds mentioned in this document are not 
regulated under the provisions of Israel’s Joint Investment Trusts law, 5754-1994 (the “Joint Investment Trusts Law”). This document and 
the funds mentioned herein will only be distributed to Israeli residents in reliance on an exemption from any advice or marketing 
restrictions in reliance on an exemption from the prospectus requirements under the Israel Securities Law, 5728 -1968 (the “Securities 
Law”) or the Joint Investment Trusts Law, and any guidelines, pronouncements or rulings issued from time to time by the ISA as applicable. 
This document and the funds mentioned herein are only intended for those categories of Israeli residents who are qualiﬁed in vestors 
listed in the First Addendum to the Securities Law and who are also qualiﬁed clients listed on the First Addendum to the Advice Law; in 
all cases under circumstances that will fall within the exemption from the license requirement under the Advice Law and the p rivate 
placement or other exemptions of the Joint Investment Trusts Law, the Securities Law and any applicable guidelines, pronouncements or 
rulings issued from time to time by the ISA. 
 
Japan 
By receiving this document, you conﬁrm and represent that you are a ‘Qualiﬁed Financial Institution’ as deﬁned under the Cabinet Oﬃce 
Ordinance Concerning Financial Instruments Business, etc., a cabinet-level regulation promulgated pursuant to the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act (“FIEA”) of Japan.  
 
Kingdom of Morocco  
The recipient of this document (the “Recipient”) represents, warrants, and agrees that (i) it proactively approached D1 during a meeting 
held outside Morocco, (ii) no ﬂy-in visits or marketing telephone calls have been made into Morocco, and (iii) no marketing materials have 
been sent or emailed from within Morocco (even at the request of the Recipient). The oﬀering of any Interests would occur oﬀshore and 
relate to foreign Funds, the monies are disbursed in another jurisdiction and in/from an oﬀshore account and the oﬀering documents are 
governed by a foreign law and signed by the Recipient outside Morocco. 
 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia  
This document may not be distributed in the Kingdom except to such persons as are permitted under the Investment Funds Regulations 
issued by the Capital Market Authority. The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this 
document. Prospective subscribers of the securities oﬀered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the 
information relating to the securities to be oﬀered. If you do not understand the contents of this document, you should cons ult an 
authorised ﬁnancial adviser. 
 
China (excluding Hong Kong  and Macau, “China”) 
The Interests may not be oﬀered, sold or delivered, or oﬀered or sold or delivered to any person for reoﬀering or resale o r redelivery, in 
any such case directly or indirectly, in China in contravention of any applicable laws. 
This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell or the solicitation of an oﬀer to buy any Interests in China to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make the oﬀer or solicitation in China. 
D1 does not represent that this document may be lawfully distributed, or that any Interests may be lawfully oﬀered, in compl iance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in China, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility 
for facilitating any such distribution or oﬀering. In particular, no action has been taken by D1 which would permit a public oﬀering of any 
Interests or distribution of this document in China. Accordingly, the Interests are not being oﬀered or sold within China by means of this 
document or any other document. Neither this document nor any advertisement or other oﬀering material may be distributed or published 
in China, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
This document is being provided to you at your request and for your information only. You acknowledge and agree that you have initiated 
contact with us and requested this document and that you are solely responsible for ensuring that you comply with any applicable laws 
and regulations in relation to your receipt and use of this document and any subsequent investment decision.  
The oﬀer of the Fund has not been and will not be approved by or registered with the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan, the 
Republic of China (“Taiwan”), and may not be oﬀered or sold within Taiwan through a public oﬀering that requires registration or approval 
from the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan (the “FSC”). The oﬀering materials may only be delivered to speciﬁc investors that 
are qualiﬁed to invest in the Fund pursuant to Regulations Governing Oﬀshore Funds, i.e., Qualiﬁed Institutional Investors or Sophisticated 
Investors. Subscribers within the territory of Taiwan may be required to comply with certain qualiﬁcation requirements and sale restrictions 
as set forth in the relevant Taiwan laws and regulations. 
 
Mexico 
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
These materials do not constitute an oﬀer to purchase securities and should not be viewed as marketing or oﬀering materials. 
 
Norway 
The interests in an investment vehicle managed by D1 are oﬀered upon the express and unsolicited request of the investor who has directly 
contacted D1 or their aﬃliates on the investor’s own initiative. No active marketing of any investment vehicle managed by D1 has been 
made nor will it be made in Norway, and this document has been sent to the investor at the investor’s unsolicited request. The investor 
acknowledges and conﬁrms the above and that this document shall not be copied or otherwise distribut ed unless permitted by, and in 
compliance with, applicable law. By receiving this document, you irrevocably conﬁrm that you are a “Professional Investor” as deﬁned 
under Annex II of MiFID II. 
 
Peru  
D1 has not and will not be registered in the Public Registry of the Capital Market (Registro Público del Mercado de Valores) regulated by 
the Superintendency of the Capital Market (Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores – “SMV”). Therefore, neither this document, nor any 
other document related to the program has been submitted to or reviewed by the SMV. The Interests will be placed through a pr ivate 
oﬀer aimed exclusively at institutional investors. Persons and/or entities that do not qualify as institutional investors should refrain from 
participating in the private oﬀering of the Interests.  
D1 and the Fund (i) are subject to the laws and jurisdiction of the United States and Cayman Islands, respectively, and (ii) are not regulated 
or supervised by any Peruvian entity or government authority. 
 
Poland 
This document and any other oﬀering materials relating to D1, its Funds or interests in the Funds are being provided only at the request 
of prospective investors in Poland.  The information provided in this document is not intended as a recommendation to invest in any 
ﬁnancial instruments or to subscribe for any ﬁnancial instruments, and does not constitute an oﬀer within the meaning of A rt. 66 of the 
Civil Code. By receiving this document, you irrevocably conﬁrm that you are a “Professional Investor” as deﬁned under Annex II of MiFID 
II. 
 
Republic of Panama  
The Interests in the Fund(s) oﬀered by D1 have not been registered with the Superintendence of the Securities Market, nor the oﬀer, sale 
or transaction on them. The exemption from registration is based on paragraph 3 of Article 83 of Decree Law 1 of July 8, 1999 (Institutional 
Investor). Consequently, the tax treatment provisions of Articles 269 to 271 of Decree Law 1 of 8 July 1999 are not applicable. Additionally, 
these Interests have not been registered with the Superintendency of the Securities Markets of the Republic of Panama under Decree 
Law N°1 of July 8, 1999, as amended (the “Panamanian Securities Law”) and may not be publicly oﬀered or sold within Panama, except 
in certain limited transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Panamanian Securities Law. These Interests are not subject 
to regulation or supervision by the Superintendency of the Securities Markets of the Republic of Panama.  
The information contained in this document is intended strictly for the attention of the entity to whom it is addressed and i s provided 
from D1 on the basis of an unsolicited reverse enquiry made by you. You hereby acknowledge that you have made such an unsolicited 
reverse enquiry to D1. By receiving this document, you irrevocably conﬁrm that you are an “institutional investor” as deﬁned under the 
Panamanian Securities Law.  
 
Singapore  
This Information Memorandum has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this 
document and any other material in connection with the oﬀer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of interests may not be 
circulated or distributed, nor may such interests be oﬀered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than: (i) to an institutional investor pursuant to Section 304 of the SFA;  
(ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 305(1) of the SFA, or any person under Section 305(2); or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with, the conditions of any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
 
South Korea 
The Investor represents that its communications with D1, or any of their respective aﬃliates or agents were initiated by the Investor at its 
own initiative and its investment in the Fund was made (or will be made) on an unsolicited basis at the request of the Investor, without 
any prior solicitation on the part of the Fund,  D1, or any of their respective aﬃliates or agents, and there was no active negotiation or 
explanation of the terms of Fund by D1 or aﬃliates or agents.  
The Investor represents it is an institutional investor as deﬁned under the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea, and that its 
acquisition of the interest in the Fund will be done in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of Korea. 
D1 is not carrying out business in South Korea and is not registered with any regulators in the South Korea. 
 
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
Sultanate of Oman  
D1 neither has a registered business presence nor a representative oﬃce in Oman and does not undertake banking business or provide 
ﬁnancial services in Oman. Consequently, D1 is not regulated by either the Central Bank of Oman or Oman’s Financial Services Authority 
(“FSA”).  
The information contained in this document neither constitutes a public oﬀer of securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by 
the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 18/2019) or the Securities Law (Royal Decree 46/2022), nor does it co nstitute 
an oﬀer to sell, or the solicitation of any oﬀer to buy Non- Omani securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by Article 139 of 
the Executive Regulations of the Capital Market Law (issued by Decision No.1/2009). Additionally, this document is not intended to lead 
to the conclusion of a contract for the sale or purchase of securities. 
D1 does not solicit business in Oman and the only circumstances in which D1 sends information or material describing ﬁnancial products 
or ﬁnancial services to recipients in Oman, is where such information or material has been requested from D1 and by rec eiving this 
document, the person or entity to whom it has been dispatched by D1 understands, acknowledges and agrees that this document has 
not been approved by the CBO, the FSA or any other regulatory body or authority in Oman.  
D1 does not market, oﬀer, sell or distribute any ﬁnancial or investment products or services in Oman and no subscription to any securities, 
products or ﬁnancial services may or will be consummated within Oman.  
This document has not been approved by the FSA or any other regulatory body or authority in Oman, and no authorization, licens e or 
approval has been received by the D1 from the FSA or any other regulatory authority in Oman, to market, oﬀer, sell, or distr ibute the 
securities within Oman. D1 does not advise persons or entities resident or based in Oman as to the appropriateness of investing in or 
purchasing or selling securities or other ﬁnancial products. Nothing contained in this document is intended to constitute Omani 
investment, legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice.  
The recipient of this document represents that it is a ﬁnancial institution or a sophisticated investor (as described in Art icle 139 of the 
Executive Regulations of the Capital Market Law) and that its oﬃcers/employees have such experience in business and ﬁnancial matters 
that they are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of investments. 
 
State of Kuwait  
This document is not for circulation in Kuwait. The product(s) have not been licensed for oﬀering in Kuwait by the Kuwait Capital Markets 
Authority or any other relevant Kuwait government agency or regulatory authority. The oﬀering of the fund in Kuwait on the basis of a 
private placement or public oﬀering is, therefore, restricted in accordance with Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended). 
No private or public oﬀering of the fund is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of the fund will be concluded in 
Kuwait. No marketing or solicitation or inducement activities are being used to oﬀer or market the fund in Kuwait. 
The information contained in this document is intended strictly for the attention of the institution to whom it is addressed and is provided 
from D1 on the basis of an unsolicited reverse enquiry made by you. You hereby acknowledge that you have made such an unsolicited 
reverse enquiry to D1. By receiving this document, you irrevocably conﬁrm that you are a sophisticated institution, or a ‘Professional Client’ 
as deﬁned under the Kuwait Capital Markets Law and its Executive Bylaws. 
The Kuwait Capital Markets Authority does not take any responsibility for the contents of this document, does not make any 
representation as to its accuracy or completeness, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred 
in reliance upon, any part of this of document.  
 
State of Qatar and the Qatar Financial Centre (“QFC”)  
The document is provided on an exclusive basis to the speciﬁcally intended recipient thereof, for the recipient’s personal use only and on 
the basis that the recipient is willing and able to conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in this document, the 
underlying instruments and any related documents.
 
Nothing in this document constitutes, is intended to constitute, shall be treated as constituting or shall be deemed to constitute, any oﬀer 
or sale of securities in the State of Qatar or in the QFC to the public or the inward marketing of securities or a n attempt to do business 
or conduct activities, as a bank, an investment company or otherwise in the State of Qatar or in the QFC. 
This document, the underlying instruments and any related documents have not been reviewed, approved, registered or licensed by or 
with the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority or any other regulator 
in the State of Qatar, the QFC or under any laws of the State of Qatar or the QFC. 
No transaction will be concluded in your jurisdiction. Recourse against the dealer, and those involved with it, may be limite d or diﬃcult 
and may have to be pursued in a jurisdiction outside Qatar and the QFC. 
Any distribution of this document by the recipient to third parties in Qatar or the QFC beyond the terms hereof is not author ized and 
shall be at the liability of such recipient. 
 
Turkey 
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
No information in this document is provided for the purpose of oﬀering, marketing and sale by any means of any fund in the Republic of 
Turkey. Therefore, this document may not be considered as an oﬀer made or to be made to residents of the Republic of Turkey. 
Accordingly, neither this document nor any other material may be utilized in connection with any oﬀering to the public within the Republic 
of Turkey without the prior approval of the Turkish Capital Markets Board. However, according to Article 15(4) (ii) of the Decree No. 32 
there is no restriction on the purchase or sale of interest in the Fund by residents of the Republic of Turkey, provided that: they purchase 
or sell such interests in the Fund in the ﬁnancial markets outside of the Republic of Turkey; and such sale and purchase is made through 
banks, and/or licensed brokerage ﬁrms in the Republic of Turkey. 
 
United Arab Emirates (UAE) (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) and the Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM))  
This document, and the information contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute, a public oﬀer of securities in 
the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”) and accordingly should not be construed as such. The oﬀering is only being oﬀered to a limited number 
of investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment in such 
oﬀering, and (b) upon their speciﬁc request. The oﬀering has not been approved by or licensed or registered with the UAE Central Bank, 
the Securities and Commodities Authority, or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE. The document 
is for the use of the named addressee only, who has speciﬁcally requested it without a promotion, its promoters or the distributors of its 
units, and should not be given or shown to any other person (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with t he 
addressee’s consideration thereof). No transaction will be concluded in the UAE and any enquiries regarding the oﬀering should be made 
to D1.  
The product has not been approved by or licensed or registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Securities and Commodities Authority, 
the Dubai Financial Services Authority, the Financial Services Regulatory Authority or any other relevant licensing authorit ies or 
governmental agencies in the UAE (the “Authorities”). The Authorities assume no liability for any investment that the named addressee 
makes as an exempt investor. The document is for the use of the named addressee only and should not be given or shown to any other 
person (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the addressee’s consideration thereof). 
 
United Kingdom  
This document may only be distributed and the shares may only be oﬀered or placed in the United Kingdom to the extent that ( 1) the 
Fund is permitted to be marketed to Professional Investors in the United Kingdom in accordance with Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers Directive (Directive (2011/61/EU) (the “AIFMD”) (as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom); or (2) this 
document may otherwise be lawfully distributed and the shares may otherwise be lawfully oﬀered or placed in the UK (incl uding at the 
initiative of the investor). By receiving this document, you irrevocably conﬁrm that you are a “Professional Investor” as deﬁned under 
Annex II of MiFID II. 
This document may be issued in the United Kingdom by D1 to, and/or is directed at, only persons to or at whom it may lawfully be issued 
or directed under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended, including pe rsons who 
are authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”), as amended, certain persons having professional experience 
in matters relating to investments, high net worth companies, high net worth unincorporated associations or partnerships, or trustees of 
high value trusts. The Shares are only available to such persons in the United Kingdom,  and this document must not be relied or acted 
upon by any other persons in the United Kingdom. 
 
Uruguay  
The securities are not and will not be registered with the Superintendence of Financial Services of the Central Bank of Uruguay. The 
securities are not and will not be oﬀered publicly in or from Uruguay and are not and will not be traded on any Uruguayan stock exchange. 
This oﬀer has not been and will not be announced to the public and oﬀering materials will not be made available to the gene ral public 
except in circumstances which do not constitute a public oﬀering of securities in Uruguay, in complianc e with the requirements of the 
Uruguayan Securities Market Law (Law Nº 18.627 and Decree 322/011). The securities will be oﬀered in or from Uruguay only on a private 
placement basis. Public advertising of this oﬀering is and will be avoided. The fund was not established under the system provided for in 
the Investment Funds Act 16,774 and is not registered with the Central Bank of Uruguay. 
Confidential for sstrawbridge@selkirkpartners.com
