655 Third Avenue, 21st ﬂoor  |  New York, NY 10017  |  Ph: 646-933-8060  |  ir@daventrygroup.com 
 
      Q1 2026                  2025          Since Inception – 2/1/201 
             Gross   Net        Gross          Net        Gross      Net 
   Daventry Group2       (28.1)% (28.6)%         10.7%         8.9%              27.3%      (2.9)% 
   S&P 500            (4.4)%  (4.4)%          17.9%        17.9%            122.0%     122.0% 
   Russell 2000              .9%    .9%             12.8%        12.8%             67.9%               67.9% 
 
 
It is exasperating, extreme, and frankly getting a little bit ridiculous at times.  
 
I’m not a person that discounts the market. My belief is that the market is brutally efficient in the 
vast majority of cases, and investors should take seriously any signals it sends through price 
movements. And while the selloff in software was swift and dramatic in the ﬁrst quarter, it was a 
continuation of weakness in the space that has persisted for the past year; even before the 
weakness began, though, we had been outspoken about many of the issues plaguing software 
companies that investors are now concerned about. At the same time, we believed there would 
also be software companies that emerged as winners by being part of AI infrastructure stacks.   
 
But right now, we do not believe investors are operating with any nuance. Instead, they seem to be 
trading mostly on headlines, with every Anthropic blog post triggering another leg down, even if the 
details are sparse. Investors are doing everything they can to avoid headline risks while still being 
invested in the market. It’s the reason why Wal-Mart trades at 42x estimated 2026 earnings, a 100% 
premium to the S&P , and why according to Bloomberg, energy just had its best relative quarterly 
performance vs. the broader market in history. Investors are crowding into areas with the lowest 
perceived risk from AI.  
 
As we’ve heard quite often, investors across the spectrum are instead throwing up their hands and 
saying, “it’s too hard, ” and with the constant headline risks from the AI labs, avoiding software 
altogether. This approach is actually rational if a ﬁrm has dozens of positions and a shorter time 
horizon – the technology is moving so fast that no one really knows how it’s going to progress.  
 
We agree that changes are happening so quickly that attempting to make a speciﬁc bet on AI 
technology is incredibly difficult. But that is not our approach: with our infrastructure software 
investments, we are primarily making a bet on volume and velocity, not on technology.  
 
 
1 Past performance is not a guarantee or reliable indicator of future performance. Gross performance does not 
reﬂect the payment of advisory fees and other expenses.  
2 Results shown are for Daventry Group Partners, LP . See the Disclosures section of the end of the Letter for a full 
list of disclosures.  

2 
 
AI is creating unprecedented levels of data at increasing velocity. Coding assistants are improving 
productivity and driving product development at an accelerated pace. We want to own the 
companies that capture that increased volume by being part of the underlying AI infrastructure. For 
our two largest software investments, JFrog and MongoDB, the math is relatively simple: more 
coding  more applications  more data and databases  more binaries. It’s a straightforward 
thesis. But at the moment, no one wants to own software, and thus, we have to deal with the 
broader narratives. Admittedly, during the quarter, I leaned into the companies that we believe will 
emerge as beneﬁciaries a bit too early, but narratives can change on a dime as fundamentals play 
out, which we witnessed numerous times throughout the past year.  
 
Most people hear the word “infrastructure” and think about data centers and hardware. But AI is, in 
fact, software. And thus, it still relies on a software data stack to work properly – this is still 
infrastructure, and we believe this layer is where a signiﬁcant amount of value will accrue in the 
coming years. It is not just us saying this either – large software vendors are also voting with their 
wallets, much like they did before the last major architectural transition from on-premise to the 
cloud. A little over a decade ago, companies saw that the application layer would capture a 
majority of the value in the cloud, and in turn most of the strategic M&A happened in the application 
space: SuccessFactors, Taleo, RightNow, Demandware, Responsys, and others were acquired by 
the large platforms, just before the monetization wave from the cloud transition began as enterprise 
adoption picked up.  
 
Over the past couple years, however, the strategic M&A has been in infrastructure software, with 
even application vendors making infrastructure acquisitions: Informatica, Splunk, HashiCorp, 
Chronosphere, Wiz, Conﬂuent, and numerous others. We believe every large vendor sees that the 
AI infrastructure layer in the software stack will be where the value accrues, as the application layer 
gets increasingly encroached by AI natives and LLMs. Much as with the cloud, as enterprises adopt 
AI, we believe the monetization wave will pick up in the coming years.  
 
I might be dating myself, but when I graduated college and bought my ﬁrst TV, ﬂat screens had just 
come out, although they were still gigantic cathode ray tube products that weighed a ton. Then 
when LED ﬂat screens got popular a few years later, I upgraded. When smart TVs came out, I 
upgraded to one of those as well. Each iteration was a better version than the one before it – clearer 
picture, more functionality. Yet at no point did I ever rip out the electrical socket or wiring. In fact, I 
just had more power cords and wires connecting to those sockets with each new generation.  
 
In AI, we want to own that electrical wiring, not the TV . AI native applications are a better mousetrap 
relative to legacy cloud applications, and customers will upgrade the TV, so to speak. But there is 
no reason to replace the wiring in the back. A database is a database, whether in the SaaS world or 
the AI world. A developer or an agent still needs a database to build an application. We want to own 
the infrastructure that will underpin the AI transition and beneﬁt from the increased volume.  
 
Everything is Computer 
 
In recent weeks, the war in Iran has added even more uncertainty into markets outside of AI. And it’s 
actually been our more economically sensitive names that have been hit from these geopolitical 
developments. Yet we’ve observed many companies related to the data center buildout held up 
better than peers without data center exposure, as investors view the data center spending as 
almost completely detached from the broader economy. When Russia invaded Ukraine in 2022, 
3 
 
there were similar discussions at the time of resource constraints and energy challenges, but it 
didn’t change the trajectory of technological development, with ChatGPT being released to the 
public later in the year. Given the sheer amount of dollars being spent on AI, investors are probably 
correct to assume the conﬂict in Iran won’t change the technology trajectory either.  
 
Because of these secular growth dynamics, many investors still want (or need) to have exposure to 
the space, and investing in the hardware side has been the best way to play the AI theme over the 
past few years. Data centers and semiconductors have been a winning bet, with compute being in 
high demand and hyperscalers spending hundreds of billions of dollars annually to build out their 
footprints. And with inferencing now taking over as the driver of compute usage, rather than 
training, memory has emerged as the most popular way to invest in the AI “picks and shovels” trade 
in the public markets – agents need increasing amounts of memory to provide more context in their 
interactions. The demand has caused memory pricing to explode, increasing 50-100% quarter to 
quarter, so many of the best performing stocks over the past year operate in the memory space: 
Sandisk, Micron, SK Hynix, and Kioxia, to name a few. While AI might disrupt software, an engineer 
can’t vibe code memory, so it’s a seemingly great way to play the AI trade. 
 
Enter TurboQuant. For those unfamiliar, TurboQuant is a technical innovation from Google that 
signiﬁcantly compresses memory usage in AI inferencing. Memory has been one of the biggest 
supply bottlenecks, but at the end of the day, it is still a commodity. If it suddenly becomes more 
efficient to use memory, pricing for memory could decline signiﬁcantly, which we believe would 
have a materially negative impact on the vendors’ share prices. So while investors in the memory 
companies are in theory making an investment in picks and shovels, there may actually be 
substantial technology risks. Memory volume rarely plummets, even during downturns; rather, it is 
pricing that collapses. The marginal buyer in a commodity business is all that matters, and 
TurboQuant may be an important step towards ﬁnding additional hardware efficiency gains. 
 
In recent years, whenever efficiency gains have been found in AI, the ﬁrst response has been to tout 
Jevon’s Paradox. We immediately saw sellside analysts trotting it out again after the TurboQuant 
release. I’m probably restating what many know, but Jevon’s Paradox came from an observation 
about coal after the introduction of the steam engine: as efficiency increases, resource 
consumption actually increases signiﬁcantly as more use cases are found. It would thus suggest 
that increases in memory efficiency will drive an explosion of new use cases.  
 
When discussing Jevon’s Paradox, though, what’s always omitted is that even as increases in 
processing efficiency drove greater usage of coal, the price of coal in real terms barely budged for 
decades. In other words, increased demand did not lead to a signiﬁcant increase in commodity 
prices. Rather, the better strategy from Jevon’s Paradox would have been to invest in the productive 
capacity, such as steam engines, that made coal more efficient, not the coal itself.  
 
The other pushback we’ve seen to the TurboQuant research is that it won’t impact near-term 
demand as other compression technologies have been used for a while. We believe this ignores the 
other signiﬁcant piece of the ﬁndings – Google researchers not only were able to improve the 
efficiency of memory usage, they did so without seeing any degradation in quality, which was not 
the case with prior compression methods. Even if these developments don’t lead to a sudden drop 
in memory demand, there now exists real risk to long-term pricing as other efficiency gains may 
come along, in the same way that software multiple have suffered due to the longer-term risks from 
AI developments. But we believe the hardware vs. software framework speaks to a fundamental 
4 
 
inconsistency in the market, namely the misconception that the two are somehow independent of 
one another.  
 
Over a year ago, we wrote about our belief that AI would soon shift from training to inference; that 
now seems to be the case. At Nvidia’s recent annual GTC conference, CEO Jensen Huang stated 
that inference has hit an inﬂection point, driven by agentic offerings. In turn, data center spending 
continues its brisk pace to keep up with inference demand, with hyperscalers ramping up their 
cumulative capex projections to over $600 billion in 2026. But the hyperscalers are now getting 
penalized if their spending is not showing a commensurate increase in revenue and earnings.  
 
Given that future data center spending is expected to be driven more by inference demand than 
training, we believe the economic return needs to come from enterprise adoption of AI 
applications. So far, consumer spending has not been enough to move the needle, and it’s 
inherently more ﬁckle. Without enterprise uptake, the entire trade falls apart. Thus, developments 
like TurboQuant should increase the pace of enterprise adoption by bringing down the cost of 
inference, improving the ROI for companies. So while investors today seem to vacillate between 
hardware and software, the two are intertwined insofar as both are necessary to create value for the 
AI ecosystem, but each will capture that value at different stages.   
 
Even as we try to make our AI bets around the volume and velocity of data, rather than trying to 
predict technological development, we recognize that everything, to some degree, has a 
technological disruption element. While it looks like Anthropic is in the lead today, and is clearly the 
bogeyman in the market, we are not going to pretend to know exactly who the AI winners will be 
long-term, in the same way that Yahoo and others were ﬁrst in internet search but ultimately lost to 
Google. Going back to my television analogy – when color TVs came out, everyone knew it was a 
revolutionary technology, and in 1960, there were 27 U.S. TV manufacturers all trying to capture this 
market. By 1968, the number declined to 18, and by 1980, only ﬁve remained. But guess what 
stayed the same the entire time and is still the same today? The electrical wall sockets. Own the 
electrical wiring, not the user interface.  
 
Not Everything is SaaS 
 
Up until 12:45 pm on February 20
th, everything in the quarter was mostly going to plan. Applications 
were being hit hard after the January release of Claude Cowork, in line with our thinking on how the 
AI market would develop, but infrastructure and cybersecurity were holding up better. And then 
Anthropic announced Claude Code Security, a tool that scans code for vulnerabilities, which is a 
natural extension given their strength in coding assistants. This information had been out in the 
market for weeks, and OpenAI had already announced a similar product (Aardvark) months earlier. 
But Anthropic’s blog post caused investors to collectively panic that previously insulated areas 
were now potentially in its crosshairs, and suddenly, cybersecurity and infrastructure software 
vendors got caught in the same selloff that had hit applications. Earlier that week, JFrog had seen 
its stock gain as it got traction among analysts as an Anthropic proxy, with Anthropic being a large 
customer. Yet Anthropic’s CCS announcement sent JFrog’s stock plummeting 25%, despite what 
we believe is minimal overlap with JFrog’s security portfolio. Investors are trading on headlines.  
 
Price movements like this rehash the constant refrain I hear about whether the narrative is too 
strong. But the only way to really refute a narrative is through results, and we maintain that in the 
end, fundamentals should win out. We believe an overarching issue in software is that enterprise 
5 
 
adoption of AI is still in its early stages, and thus it is not yet having a sustained impact on results 
yet, making it difficult for investors to determine the winners.  
 
Although JFrog got hit by the CCS announcement, it had been one of the few visible software AI 
beneﬁciaries, with accelerating revenue growth throughout 2025. We believe that JFrog is 
effectively a way for public investors to capture the rise in coding assistants. JFrog’s core business 
is a repository for managing binaries. Software is coded in natural language, and then a compiler 
turns that code into binaries, which are zeroes and ones that can be read by machines to run the 
applications. As coding assistants allow for faster application development, more binaries are 
created, which directly beneﬁts JFrog through usage increases. Its position becomes even more 
strategic in keeping businesses running. As customers like Tesla have told us, if JFrog goes down, 
their business stops running.  
 
We believe JFrog is seeing the beneﬁts from AI earlier than others because of where it sits within the 
AI infrastructure stack. Our research shows that Anthropic and OpenAI themselves are two of 
JFrog’s largest customers. So as Anthropic continues to grow, for example, JFrog will scale along 
with it. More coding at the AI labs equals more binaries, which is more usage for JFrog. Even as the 
AI labs’ customers just experiment with AI, JFrog should beneﬁt from more binaries being produced.  
 
Now let’s compare JFrog with MongoDB. MongoDB is a database vendor, but AI models aren’t 
trained with databases, so MongoDB doesn’t directly participate in the growth at the AI labs. 
Developers and agents need databases to build workﬂows and applications, but volume doesn’t 
truly pick up until the applications move into production. Thus, MongoDB is more of a proxy on 
enterprise agentic AI adoption, as the AI labs’ customers build their own workﬂows and 
applications with the models. 
 
We believe 2025 saw quite a bit of experimentation with AI, but outside of coding assistants (which 
more directly beneﬁt JFrog), adoption has generally been more measured. There was the high-
proﬁle MIT study last year claiming that 95% of AI pilots are failing, but even more recently, a 
Diginomica survey found that while over 90% of organizations are using AI, only about 20% are 
seeing high success rates (deﬁned as over 80%). The gap between experimentation and successful 
implementation is why the large AI labs have been using forward deployed engineers (FDEs) to drive 
customer adoption. Even Anthropic CEO Dario Amodei in a recent podcast cited technological 
diffusion as the biggest unknown in future AI growth. 
 
The measured pace of adoption outside of coding assistants dovetails with our own internal 
research. To take advantage of AI, companies have to re-architect their existing workﬂows, which is 
incredibly difficult as they have often been built over decades. While we have heard that adoption 
has been more difficult than initially anticipated, there has recently been a step change in the past 
3-6 months. We’ve heard of more large companies this year that have mandates from the C-suite 
for employees to prioritize AI adoption. At the same time, more recent advances in the models have 
made the agentic offerings function as promised. 
 
But our conﬁdence in JFrog and MongoDB doesn’t just stem from our industry research; in fact, the 
numbers suggest customers are already voting with their wallets and choosing them as strategic 
vendors in their AI journeys. In our recent investor missives, we discussed remaining performance 
obligation (RPO) and why we believe this is a better indicator of demand than the guidance that 
management teams give on quarterly earnings calls. But it makes sense to recap why RPO gives us 
6 
 
conﬁdence in the future of both JFrog and MongoDB, whereas for many other software companies, 
it paints a different picture.  
 
RPO is a measure of total contracted backlog. It is still an estimate, but one that reﬂects 
management’s analysis as to the amount of revenue that will be recognized from all existing 
contracts. Current RPO (CRPO), which most companies also report, is management’s best 
estimate of the backlog that will be recognized in the next twelve months. For consumption-based 
businesses, there is an additional element of uncertainty – customers can cut back usage or ramp 
up more slowly than expected, or there could be overages which provide. But many consumption-
based companies mitigate the uncertainty by signing contracts with minimum commitments, and 
with overages being impossible to forecast, a large amount of what management teams categorize 
as RPO is often based on contractual commitments.  
 
When we look at JFrog and MongoDB, both companies have recently seen a dramatic acceleration 
in both CRPO and RPO. CRPO effectively provides a more accurate forecast from management for 
the next twelve months of revenue as opposed to the often overly conservative guidance they give 
on earnings calls. Investors can often use CRPO bookings to get a reasonable estimate for the next 
twelve months’ revenue – for both JFrog and MongoDB, our bookings analysis suggests revenue 
growth will accelerate signiﬁcantly this year.  
 
But 2026 is not the issue – the primary concern for investors is what happens in 2027 and beyond. 
Therefore, total RPO is also important, as it represents longer-term commitments. Both JFrog and 
MongoDB have actually seen even faster growth in total RPO than CRPO, suggesting customers are 
not only accelerating their spending with them over the next twelve months, but also making larger 
multi-year commitments as their underlying infrastructure vendors. Given the fast-moving nature of 
AI, there is no reason for companies to make these commitments unless JFrog and MongoDB are 
true AI beneﬁciaries and important pieces of their customers’ future AI infrastructure stacks.  
 
Meanwhile, application software bellwethers ServiceNow and Salesforce saw both RPO and CRPO 
growth decelerate in 2025 (on an organic constant currency basis). Enterprise AI budgets are 
growing signiﬁcantly, so the deceleration in their future commitments suggests these companies 
are not capturing a portion of the AI spend. While these legacy cloud vendors might “beat” 
estimates, their leading metrics show little signs of AI being additive to their business.  
 
Even with these customer commitments, though, there are still concerns about both JFrog and 
MongoDB. With JFrog, after the Anthropic CCS headlines, the question we are often asked is, why 
can’t the AI labs just manage the binaries themselves? It’s a valid question, but let’s look at the 
motivations. According to the Information, OpenAI has been vocal in private investor meetings that 
they are going after the large application vendors, such as Salesforce and ServiceNow, which 
makes sense for a number of reasons. First, many of the large application vendors, like Salesforce, 
are legacy companies that own the interface with the end user. The AI labs want to own this 
customer interaction and need to go after large markets in order to justify their valuations. JFrog will 
probably never be close to the size of Salesforce, and thus it makes little sense for the AI labs to 
divert valuable resources towards targeting that market. But JFrog doesn’t have to be the size of 
Salesforce to make it an excellent investment. 
 
Second, LLMs are very good at building workﬂows, which undercuts much of the value that 
application vendors provide. AI-native applications are built differently than traditional cloud 
7 
 
applications. Traditional SaaS vendors are deterministic, with pre-built workﬂows for their 
customers. AI-native applications, on the other hand, are probabilistic, where customers deﬁne the 
outcomes ﬁrst, and then use the LLM as their operating system to build the required workﬂows. In 
other words, AI natives have built a better mousetrap than the traditional SaaS application vendors.  
 
JFrog is infrastructure, though – even if an AI lab built its own binary repository, there wouldn’t be an 
AI native version of it, so to speak. It would simply be recreating the wheel even though the existing 
software works as intended. At the same time, doing so would undermine a big part of JFrog’s value 
proposition as a Switzerland for binaries. Companies mix and match models and applications, so 
unless an organization is standardized entirely on one vendor, it makes sense to have a third party 
like JFrog to keep track of all the various inputs. In fact, JFrog actually acts as a governor of model 
downloads, thus creating a secure framework for companies to work with AI. The recent leaks from 
Anthropic show just how difficult it can be, even for the large AI labs, to both control their 
infrastructure environments and grade their own homework in governance.  
 
To put a ﬁner point on it, we have heard directly from Anthropic that they have no intention of 
moving into the binary layer. And in fact, just a few weeks ago, an executive from OpenAI pitched 
JFrog as an investment to another ﬁrm we are close with.  
 
Meanwhile, the biggest pushback on MongoDB has been that there are other databases that might 
be better suited for AI, namely Postgres. Postgres is an open source SQL technology, which is more 
structured, while Mongo is a NoSQL technology, which allows for more ﬂexibility in document 
types. The reality is that they often have different use cases in the stack. Our research shows that 
because it is more structured and monolithic, Postgres tends to work well for initial training and 
single query jobs. On the other hand, when agents introduce multi-step workﬂows, MongoDB 
becomes a better alternative as the agent has ﬂexibility into what types of documents to use, and 
MongoDB’s architecture allows for horizontal scaling that is more conducive to holding information 
and context in memory at various stages. But our contention is that both will be winners and have a 
place in AI data stacks.  
 
Like binaries for JFrog, there isn’t really an AI-native way to build a database. Instead, there are 
functions you add to the database, such as vector embeddings and re-ranking models, that allow 
for AI applications to be built, but it’s still fundamentally the same value proposition. In our own 
research, the feedback has been unanimous that no one will be ripping out their existing database 
infrastructure to implement AI, while MongoDB speciﬁcally has the advantage of signiﬁcant 
adoption in the developer community. If the goal of the AI labs is to increase adoption and own the 
knowledge work, why not just utilize the infrastructure the customer already has in place? As 
OpenAI has recently shown with its forays into other areas, such as Sora, the AI labs still have a 
ﬁnite amount of engineering resources and need to focus on their biggest markets.  
 
Finally, while JFrog simply got hit from Anthropic headlines, MongoDB also sold off on its recent 
earnings report. The same thing happened last year in March as well after management provided 
conservative guidance that suggested little beneﬁt from AI. Of course, as MongoDB proved that 
they are well-positioned throughout 2025, the stock doubled from March through year end. In 
recent quarters, MongoDB brought in a new management team, and like many new teams, we 
believe they wanted to be extremely conservative with their ﬁrst annual earnings guidance in an 
uncertain macro environment, even as leading indicators suggest the business is accelerating. At 
the same time, a number of changes in senior management caused concerns due to the sheer 
8 
 
number of moving pieces, even if the decisions were rational as new management looks to scale 
the business. We think it will take a couple of quarters, but once the market sees the business 
accelerating from enterprise AI adoption, some of which is already showing up in customer 
commitments, MongoDB will see a signiﬁcant recovery in its share price just as it did last year.  
 
As stated, we believe one of the biggest issues that has caused investors to lump every software 
vendor together is the measured pace of enterprise AI adoption, which makes it more difficult to 
delineate the winners from the losers. Even the software companies deemed to be in the best 
position to monetize AI have stated that it is not yet a material part of their business. Instead, we 
believe much of the acceleration in usage and bookings has come from companies either 
experimenting with AI over the past year or making decisions around which vendors will underpin 
their tech stacks going forward. In other words, there is simply an air pocket right now in the 
adoption curve. Our research suggests this has been changing in recent months, though, with many 
large enterprises now mandating the usage of AI. CEOs do not want to be left behind by peers.  
 
Lumping all of software with SaaS is the wrong framing, even if that is the current default. AI is still 
software, but with a different structure and likely different economics. To deliver AI, companies still 
need an IT architecture. After last quarter’s earnings, MongoDB’s new CEO appeared on Bloomberg 
TV , and the ﬁrst question from the hosts was how the SaaSpocalypse was impacting their business. 
He had to explain that they are not SaaS; they are infrastructure software. But right now, we don’t 
believe many investors are acting with that level of nuance, and in turn are selling off businesses 
that will beneﬁt from AI in the coming years.  
 
A System of Record Won’t Save You 
 
We agree with many of the bear cases around SaaS, and have been very vocal for two years that 
applications are going to have a difficult time. It was frustrating to watch application vendors soar in 
2024 on agentic announcements when all of our research suggested the products were poorly 
constructed and that most were not well-positioned for AI. Our research has been proven out over 
time, yet we have to admit that developments in the AI space have been so fast in recent quarters 
that it’s caused us to modify some of our views.   
 
We used to believe that vertical software vendors broadly would be more insulated because they 
were often industry standards. We came into the year with a position in ServiceTitan, believing it 
would be more protected than other vertical software companies due to the nature of its end 
market. ServiceTitan sells to residential repair and remodel businesses, and these companies don’t 
have IT departments that can build their own applications. It is a fragmented market and one of the 
few greenﬁeld opportunities left in software. We believed these end market dynamics made 
ServiceTitan not only more insulated from AI, but in an excellent position to utilize it. 
 
After the announcement of Claude Cowork in January, ServiceTitan’s share price initially held up 
better than peers, as investors seemingly agreed that its end market was more insulated. But soon, 
it also started selling off. I was admittedly pulling my hair out trying to ﬁgure out what I was missing. 
We were re-underwriting everything in the portfolio, making sure that we didn’t irrationally dig in our 
heels and adjusted prior thinking where necessary. And after many additional conversations with 
industry contacts and meetings with ServiceTitan’s management, our views changed.  
 
9 
 
As with other vertical software vendors, much of ServiceTitan’s business is still workﬂow-based, but 
with industry-speciﬁc wrappers. With the recent developments in the models over the past few 
months, modern AI native agentic offerings can now replicate this domain knowledge. While 
ServiceTitan has AI offerings, they seem to be more chatbot-oriented and not truly agentic, which 
would necessitate signiﬁcant product development changes. The nature of ServiceTitan’s end 
market does give it more runway than most other software vendors to make the transition, but that 
transition would still need to be made at some point. In turn, our views changed and we exited our 
position, which so far has proven to be the correct decision. When new information comes to light, 
we can’t dig in our heels; instead, we need to assess potential risks and be intellectually honest.  
 
At some point, there may be opportunities in application or vertical software companies, but we 
believe the majority still need to rip the band-aid off and completely overhaul their business 
models. Transitional periods like this often create numerous opportunities over several years, as 
was the case in the transition from on premise to cloud. We predicted back in January that more 
application vendors would have “investment years” while their businesses slowed, and sure 
enough, we’ve already seen that with Workday. There will undoubtedly be others. 
 
Yet while many potential risks to software are valid, sometimes markets can overreact, punishing 
fundamentally solid businesses to a point where the future value is overly discounted. Private 
equity ﬁrm Thoma Bravo recently pointed out in an investor presentation that software now trades 
at a discount to the broader S&P based on a forward earnings ratio for the ﬁrst time since the Great 
Financial Crisis, and only the second time in 30 years. Of course, these ﬁndings also need to be 
approached with greater nuance, rather than a blanket statement that all software is “cheap. ”  
 
Counterintuitively, while software as a whole might trade at a discount, we’ve actually seen 
valuation as one of the biggest pushbacks as to the attractiveness of the sector. How is this 
consistent with Thoma’s ﬁndings? First, many software companies are still wildly overstaffed from 
the Covid era, and it is often the software companies that hit maturity years ago that have already 
optimized their cost structures. But plenty of software management teams still maintain that they 
are growth businesses, and never rightsized their cost structure for the current environment. 
Mature software businesses can run with extremely high cash ﬂow margins, yet many of these also 
have substantial AI risks, and thus should trade for very low earnings multiples – we believe these 
companies are skewing the overall results, inﬂating the cash ﬂow yield of the overall basket.  
 
Commensurate with bloated cost structures, many management teams also have yet to get stock-
based compensation under control, which they will exclude from adjusted earnings calculations. 
Thus, the cash ﬂow many companies generate isn’t “real” as it includes signiﬁcant stock-based 
compensation that would otherwise be treated as a cash expense. While we agree with many of 
these points – many software companies are inefficiently run, and stock comp is too high – we don’t 
believe either is driving how software has performed this year. We can look at Adobe as an example: 
the company is still growing at a healthy rate, and it generates prodigious cash ﬂow even without 
the beneﬁt of adding back stock compensation. And yet, the stock is down almost 50% since the 
start of 2025, as its business is viewed as at substantial risk from AI. Rather than cash ﬂow 
multiples, investors are simply evaluating whether or not individual businesses are well-positioned 
to capture the beneﬁts of AI or at risk of disruption.   
 
Although most software stocks are down signiﬁcantly over the past year, investors are generally not 
pricing them like they are going out of business. Rather, most software companies are being priced 
10 
 
like they are mature. A simple framework we use is that many “system of record” application 
vendors are trading around 3-5x recurring revenue, which is where their on-premise brethren were 
also valued back when cloud software companies began disrupting them. These systems of record 
won’t be ripped out, but the businesses are likely mature, and incremental growth will go to the AI 
natives. Companies that are truly at risk of being abstracted away by AI are being valued at less than 
2x recurring revenue. Vertical software companies tend to still command a bit higher multiples but 
generally sit in the 3-6x recurring revenue range as well. And then the companies deemed AI 
beneﬁciaries, such as Snowﬂake or Datadog, are still being valued like secular growth businesses, 
trading for over 8x recurring revenue.   
 
Perhaps the best performing cohort of software companies so far this year are the content delivery 
networks (CDNs), which are Cloudﬂare, Fastly, and Akamai. (Fastly was the best performing TMT 
company overall in the ﬁrst quarter, let alone in just software). Akamai is the oldest and most 
mature, and thus, it is the most efficiently managed. Cloudﬂare, however, has an extremely high 
valuation, trading at 25x estimated 2026 revenue, with signiﬁcant levels of stock comp. And Fastly 
would not be generating any positive cash ﬂow without stock comp being added back. But all three 
operate networks that are seeing increased traffic driving an acceleration in business (how much is 
actually AI varies between the three). Further, the rise of OpenClaw and other personal agents is 
expected to be a boon for the CDNs. Thus, investors have rewarded these companies in spite of 
exorbitant valuations or excessive stock comp. All that matters is AI positioning.  
 
Meanwhile, Kinaxis, one of our current holdings, has exhibited every positive fundamental attribute 
that software investors look for. ARR growth has dramatically accelerated, from 14% a few quarters 
ago to 20% exiting 2025, while EBITDA margins have simultaneously improved from 22% in 2024 to 
26% in 2025. And it has done so with minimal dilution, as stock comp represents a much lower 
percentage of revenue than its software peers. In fact, the company is currently repurchasing 10% 
of its outstanding shares, so shareholder ownership of the cash ﬂows will increase substantially. 
Kinaxis is one of the rare software businesses of its size that consistently generates GAAP 
proﬁtability. And yet, the stock has fallen roughly in-line with broader software indices.  
 
If we were told Kinaxis’s results a year ago, we would have thought the stock would be much higher 
today. No way would we have expected a business like this with accelerating fundamentals to trade 
for 15x EBITDA. But we believe the reason that the company has not been rewarded is because its 
acceleration has come from better execution, rather than monetizing AI. Kinaxis has gone through 
an overhaul of its C-suite over the past 18 months, and the current acceleration in its business is in 
large part from simply having a new team run the company with greater precision. But improved 
execution isn’t the same as beneﬁting from AI, which is what investors are rewarding as it is 
deemed to be more sustainable. The relative performance of Cloudﬂare and Fastly vs. Kinaxis 
illustrates the actual drivers (fairly or not) behind software’s broader performance. All that truly 
matters is whether a company is well-positioned in an AI-ﬁrst world and can capture the AI budget.  
 
Once companies display that they are capturing the AI tailwind, we have seen that the re-valuation 
to the upside is swift and dramatic. At the same time, we also believe that the multiple de-rating for 
some companies with solid fundamentals, such as Kinaxis, has been overly punitive as investors 
have ﬂed software, and thus some will likely see a bounceback in the coming months. But without a 
deﬁned AI monetization story, it is going to be difficult for any software business to see a sustained 
re-rating higher – in recent months, we have reﬁned our own views and trading approach based on 
our market analysis, and further leaned into the companies that have a deﬁned path towards AI 
11 
 
monetization. In some cases, this was too early, but we believe we will be rewarded in the coming 
quarters as enterprise adoption picks up steam, while for other companies that do not have an AI 
monetization story, we will be judicious around reallocating that capital over the medium term.  
 
The Limit Does Not Exist 
 
As discussed, many of the best performing stocks over the past year have been the memory 
vendors, with a signiﬁcant imbalance in supply and demand driving exponential increases in 
pricing. But memory is still a commodity business, and we often ﬁnd it difficult to forecast 
commodity pricing. We believe forecasting supply is easier, especially in areas like semiconductor 
manufacturing where it takes quite a bit of time to bring on new capacity. Pricing can send a signal 
about where there is excess demand, but if the demand is stable, the beneﬁts often accrue to the 
companies that rectify the supply shortages. The large semiconductor fabs were caught off guard 
by both the size and sustainability of the demand increase, and thus they did not invest enough in 
capital equipment in advance. We believe the industry is now looking at a multi-year capital 
equipment spending cycle to bring supply back in balance.   
 
During the last industry upcycle in 2021, companies overinvested in capacity and when demand 
dropped in 2022, they got caught with too much supply. Thus, capacity additions were muted in 
recent years, even as AI spending took off. In fact, the entire WFE (wafer fab equipment) market in 
2025 ﬁnally got back to its prior 2022 high. But the industry also got caught off guard by the massive 
increase in demand for memory as inferencing has picked up, and with the signiﬁcant lag times 
from orders to delivery of capital equipment, the industry suddenly needs to spend signiﬁcantly 
more to catch up with demand.  
 
Industry bellwether TSMC kicked off the spending upgrade cycle in January, stating that it was 
raising its long-term growth rates for both AI and total revenue to mid-high 50% and 25%, 
respectively, through 2029. This was up from prior expectations of mid-40% and 20%, respectively. 
In turn, TSMC, which has a reputation as being the most disciplined capital allocator in the industry, 
projected a signiﬁcant increase in capex, growing from $41 billion in 2025 to $52-56 billion in 2026, 
well above the $47 billion that Wall Street had estimated.  
 
Additional industry data points continued, with each one showing that semiconductors would 
continue to be in high demand for the foreseeable future, especially as inference is now the main 
driver. Samsung and SK Hynix both projected signiﬁcant increases in capital spending in the 
coming years, with SK Hynix’s Chairman stating that the industry would likely be in a position of 
undersupply for memory chips until 2030. And most recently, Micron stated that it would be 
increasing capital spending in the coming year by ~40%, well above the ~5% growth that analysts 
had projected. Given the boom and bust dynamics of semiconductors and the fabs’ initial 
hesitancy to add capacity due to the long-term nature of the capital commitments, we believe this 
speaks to how secure they believe demand is.  
 
But just because demand continues, does not mean pricing for the underlying commodity needs to 
remain elevated. And in fact, TurboQuant, or other future developments, may now cause a decline 
in the urgency of the marginal buyer if there are more efficient ways to run AI models. Thus, Jevon’s 
Paradox may be correct, but the vendors who sell the actual commodity will still see pricing 
compression. This is the disconnect that can occur between stock prices and business 
fundamentals – companies like Micron could very well see signiﬁcant volume increases over the 
12 
 
next few years, but with increased supply and more efficiency gains, the dollars earned per 
shipment will not increase as pricing moderates.  
 
As with our software investments, though, we want to invest in capturing the economic value from 
volume growth while mitigating the technology risk. To that point, our newest investment is MKS 
Instruments, a provider of semiconductor components to larger equipment vendors that allow for 
the precise control of power and gas in semiconductor manufacturing. At the risk of simplifying an 
incredibly complex process, chips are manufactured by giant expensive machines from the likes of 
Applied Materials or Lam Research that require almost incomprehensible levels of precision down 
to the atomic level. First, a silicon wafer is polished and then the design is printed onto it, which is 
called deposition. Ultraviolet light then hits the wafer to effectively put the pattern into place. Then 
the etch step happens, where the wafer is further developed as excess materials from the ﬁrst two 
steps are washed away, either with gas or chemicals, and the ultimate pattern is revealed. Finally, 
the chips are packaged together for the use cases. Again, this is all very oversimpliﬁed, but MKS 
Instruments has the industry’s broadest portfolio of components that allow for the machines from 
the equipment manufacturers to make this process a reality.  
 
MKS has limited competition in its end products, while signiﬁcant IP and design complexity 
protects it from pricing degradation. It is generally sole sourced in any line of equipment, being 
spec’d into the design, and the majority of its product categories are oligopolies at worst, and in 
some areas, MKS is effectively a monopoly. Its components are mission critical, yet a small cost of 
the overall equipment, so it doesn’t have the pricing risks of some other component vendors. All of 
these factors mitigate the technological risk – at the end of the day, while we don’t know what chip 
technology will win out, 85% of all the equipment used to produce those chips will contain MKS 
products, so MKS should beneﬁt as long as overall demand is strong. At the same time, equipment 
is a long-term investment, so companies that undertake capacity increases need to plan for a 
multiyear timeframe – while lead times are short, the capital intensity of the industry effectively 
creates a multi-year demand cycle.  
 
Recent market projections by semiconductor testing equipment giant KLA back up this long-term 
demand strength, with WFE expected to increase 11-13% annually through 2030, well above the 9-
11% CAGR that Wall Street analysts were expecting. Yet current estimates for MKS are for an ~11% 
CAGR in revenue over the next three years, already on the low end of KLA’s industry forecast. In 
addition, as the chips themselves have become increasingly complex, especially with the rigorous 
demands of AI, the chipmaking process has become more capital intensive over the years. The 
increased complexity creates additional etch and deposition steps, which in turn increases the 
content for MKS and we believe is a driver of why MKS has historically outgrown WFE by 200bp 
through a cycle. In addition, since the last upcycle, MKS made a large acquisition to enter the 
advanced packaging market, one of the fastest growing areas in semiconductors. According to KLA, 
advanced packaging will grow at a 20% CAGR through 2030, and while this is still a smaller piece of 
MKS’s business, it should be additive to its overall growth rate.  
 
Despite all the longer-term growth drivers, MKS’s recent growth is still being driven by the industry 
normalizing after a period of underinvestment; the beneﬁts of future demand have no yet kicked in. 
Based on current estimates for semiconductor capital outlays in the next two years, we believe 
investors are underappreciating the incremental growth opportunities and cash ﬂow potential at 
MKS over the next 18-24 months. Even as MKS is growing ~12% today, the big investments from the 
13 
 
semiconductor fabs haven’t ﬁltered down to them. MKS management believes these large capacity 
additions could lead to an inﬂection upwards in its business starting in the second half of 2026.  
 
As dominant as Nvidia has been, there is still uncertainty as to who will win as inference demand 
takes off. Nvidia’s GPUs were the gold standard for training, but inference requires a different 
combination of chips to make it both accurate and economically feasible. Over the last year, TPUs 
from Google and other types of chips from startups like Cerebras have eaten into Nvidia’s lead. 
Again, it is difficult to make a wager on technology, which is why we want to focus on the 
companies whose product offerings will stay consistent regardless of which technology wins. And 
no matter which type of chip wins, fabs will still need MKS’s components to produce them.  
 
Adoption Curves are Rarely Parabolic 
 
As someone who dislikes ﬂying, hitting an air pocket is never fun when navigating turbulence. We 
believe that’s exactly what happened to many long-term winners in recent months: software as an 
industry has gone through a period of signiﬁcant turbulence, but the companies in software that are 
well-positioned to capture AI spending have seen a temporary air pocket as enterprise adoption 
moves from a period of experimentation to broader implementation. We can already see this in the 
large future commitments customers are making to certain vendors, such as JFrog and MongoDB.   
 
We were actually a bit too early when we began to discuss the problems application software would 
face from AI, avoiding application vendors in 2024 even as those stocks performed well that year. 
But our concerns were well-founded. We also discussed the shift to inference at the start of 2025, a 
year before Jensen Huang got on stage at the GTC and publicly proclaimed inference was at an 
inﬂection point. So while we might have been a bit early in calling enterprise adoption of AI, we also 
believe we will be proven correct in the coming quarters and years, and that the value will accrue to 
the infrastructure providers in modern AI data stacks.  
 
The path ahead in Iran is anyone’s guess given that details seem to shift by the hour. But just as with 
the war in Ukraine, the initial shock from Iran will likely pass and the world will adapt, yet the 
underlying secular trends will continue. Candidly, I don’t think anyone knows exactly what AI will 
look like in ﬁve years. Maybe we all have humanoid robots doing our bidding, or maybe it ends up as 
another productivity tool. But we do know there is going to be an enormous amount of 
infrastructure in both hardware and software needed to fulﬁll whatever form AI ends up taking, and 
we are trying to ﬁnd those companies that will beneﬁt from this volume growth while minimizing 
technology risk. Chances are, if those companies are software businesses, they have been thrown 
out with the bathwater by investors looking to avoid the space as a whole. But we believe that 
means long-term investors have an incredible opportunity if they can ﬁnd these winners today.  
 
Thank you again for your time.  
 
Best,  
 
Andrew Dantzig 
Managing Partner  

14 
 
 
 
Disclosures 
 
This Letter does not constitute an oﬀer to sell nor the solicitation of an oﬀer to buy any interest in any investment 
fund (each, a “Fund” or together the “Funds”) managed by Daventry Group LP ("Daventry"). Such oﬀer or solicitation 
may only be made by delivery of oﬀering documents containing a description of the material terms of any investment, 
including risk factors and conﬂicts of interest. Any such oﬀering will be made on a private placement basis to a limited 
number of eligible investors. You should conduct your own investigation and analysis of Daventry and the Funds. 
Anyone considering an investment in the Funds should review carefully and completely the applicable Fund’s Oﬀering 
Documents, including the Oﬀering Memorandum of such Fund, the applicable subscription documents, the applicable 
Governing Documents and Daventry’s Form ADV Part 2, in their entirety and ask questions of representatives of the 
Funds before investing. 
 
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results, and there is no assurance that the investment 
objective will be achieved or that the strategies employed will be successful. Net performance information for 
Daventry Group Partners, LP (“domestic fund”) is calculated net of fees and expenses. Speciﬁcally, net performance 
information shown is net of a management fee of 1.25% per annum and an incentive fee of 25% relative to the S&P 
500. An individual investor’s actual returns may diﬀer from the results shown above for reasons such as the timing of 
subscriptions and redemptions. Results for the current year are subject to revision upon the year-end audit. 
 
An investment in the Fund is speculative and involves a high degree of risk.  The Fund is not intended to be a complete 
investment program. The Fund’s performance may be volatile and there is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its 
investment objectives. The fees and expenses charged in connection with an investment in the Fund may be higher 
than those charged in connection with other investments, and in some market conditions, may oﬀset their trading 
proﬁts. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment in the Fund. Investments in the Fund will 
be suitable only for certain ﬁnancially sophisticated investors who meet certain eligibility requirements, have no need 
for immediate liquidity in their investment, and can bear the risk  of an investment in the Daventry Fund for an 
extended period of time. 
 
In order to enhance current and prospective investor understanding of Daventry’s process, approach and views, this 
Letter includes detailed discussions regarding selected positions in our Funds’ portfolios. In doing so, we hope this 
transparency enhances your understanding of our views on the investment opportunities we see in the marketplace 
and why we have positioned the Funds’ portfolios the way we have. Each security discussed in this Letter has been 
selected solely for this purpose and has not been selected on the basis of performance or any performance- related 
criteria. The securities discussed herein do not represent an entire portfolio and, in the aggregate, may only represent 
a small percentage of a Fund’s holdings. In addition, to illustrate Daventry’s investment approach and/or market, 
some securities highlighted or discussed in this Letter have been selected solely for example purposes and are not 
Fund’s holdings. Nothing in this Letter shall constitute a recommendation or endorsement to buy or sell any security 
or other ﬁnancial instrument referenced in this Letter. 
 
Certain information contained in this Letter constitutes “forward-looking statements,” which can be identiﬁed by the 
use of forward -looking terminology such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “project,” “estimate,” 
“intend,” “continue,” or “believe,” or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. 
Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events, results or the actual performance of the Fund’s investments may 
diﬀer materially from those reﬂected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Nothing contained in this 
Letter may be relied upon as a guarantee, promise, assurance or a representation as to the future. 
 
Information about indices is provided to allow for comparison of the performance of the Fund to that of certain well-
known and widely recognized indices. There is no representation that such index is an appropriate benchmark for 
such comparison. You cannot invest directly in an index, which also does not take into account trading commissions 
and costs. The volatility of indices may be materially diﬀerent from the performance of the Fund. There is no 
15 
 
guarantee that the Fund will invest in any of the securities included in the indices. These are unmanaged, broadly 
based indices which may signiﬁcantly diﬀer in numerous respects from the portfolio composition of the Fund.  
 
The S&P 500 is a widely unmanaged index of market activity based on the aggregate performance of a selected 
portfolio of publicly trade common stocks and we have included the results of such index to merely give you a 
perspective of the historical performance of the U.S. equity market.  The S&P 500 is unmanaged and does not reﬂect 
the impact of advisory fees.  The Russell 2000 Index information is included merely to show the general trend in the 
small cap market for the periods indicated and is not intended to imply that the portfolio was similar to the index 
either in composition or element of risk. The index is unmanaged and an investment cannot be made directly into an 
index. 
 
Except where otherwise indicated, the information in this Letter is believed to be accurate as of the date hereof; 
Daventry reserves the right to amend or replace the information in this Letter at any time without notice. Distribution 
of this information to any person other than the person to whom this information was originally delivered and to such 
person's advisors is unauthorized and any reproduction of these materials, in whole or in part, or the disclosure of 
any of the contents without the prior consent of Daventry is prohibited.
