Altana China Recovery Fund
Distressed Chinese Real Estate
This presentation is issued by Altana Wealth.
This document shall not constitute an offer to sell or a 
solicitation of an offer to purchase interests in any of the 
funds described herein. 
As such offer may only be made by the prospectus for each 
fund. You should review carefully the prospectus, including 
the description of the risks, fees, expenses, liquidity 
restrictions and other terms of investing in the funds, before 
making a decision to invest.
See full disclaimer at end of presentation.
October 2025
Most Chinese real estate developers have been distressed since Evergrande defaulted four years 
ago. Ongoing restructuring efforts present compelling entry points to an investment with a 200-400% 
upside.
Overview
2
Altana China 
Recovery Fund
• Proven ability to discover niche 
alpha
• Successful funds focused on 
Venezuelan distressed debt 
     and Oil & Gas
• Profitable co-investment 
opportunities: Atos, Prosafe
• Large universe of distressed 
developers and complexity of 
processes
• Limited capacity to deploy 
capital at current valuations
•  2-4x potential upside over 18-36 
months
•  A significant portion of issuer 
curves is trading at low single 
digits
• USD bonds governed by US law 
provide an incentive to offer 
economic value to bondholders
•  Two-thirds of Chinese household 
assets are in fixed assets, largely 
Real Estate
• Historically contributed up to 30% 
of GDP, with land sales funding 
local governments
• China is keen to avoid in-court 
restructurings in the US
 .
3
Altana has identified approximately $50 billion of distressed bonds that are expected to have a 
non-zero recovery rate post-restructuring. All are currently trading between 2-10 cents. 
This basket offers the potential for a two-four times return on invested capital. 
The Investment Opportunity
Wide universe
► >40 issuers, >200 bonds, >$100b outstanding notional
► $8 billion of mark-to-market value
Political and economic relevance
► Real estate has historically accounted for around 30% of Chinese GDP
► A significant share of employment and household wealth is tied to real estate, incentivising 
the   Chinese government to offer support 
Robust legal backdrop
► Chinese property bonds denominated in US$ have been issued under US law 
► China want to avoid bankruptcy proceedings in US courts, preferring consensual 
restructurings into Hong Kong-listed equity and debt
Significant upside potential
► Historically, upsides ranging from 100-200% have been realised on restructuring 
announcements and successful exits
► We consider the medium-term upside, from conversion into equity, will exceed this.
Complex Processes Requiring Deep Expertise
4
Successfully navigating the distressed Chinese developers landscape requires fundamental and 
technical investment know-how, the ability to source bonds and the capacity to monitor 
numerous restructurings and process a wide array of corporate actions.
Review of Chinese developer universe and 
selection of issuers and instruments
Sourcing of bonds and execution at targeted 
entry price
Analysis of restructuring terms and election of 
optimal conversion option
Processing of corporate actions across invested 
names
Preparation and execution of exit post-
restructuring
Real Estate is a Critical Sector for China
5
The Real Estate sector is of high importance to the Chinese government, from both social and 
economic perspectives. Our view is that restructuring processes will be carefully managed to 
preserve the sector’s long-term outlook.
• Real Estate has historically been the main investment for Chinese households, reaching 
as much as 66% of aggregate household wealth
• Housing investment is seen as both a social priority, a safety net, and a way to pass on 
wealth to future generations, linking the sector’s fortune to consumer confidence
Social
• Real Estate has held an outsized share of GDP in China, reaching as high as 30% across 
the full value chain (building materials, appliances, furnishing, brokerage, etc.)
• Property market cycles have a tremendous impact on employment and business cycles, 
as housing construction stimulates steel, cement, appliances, and labour markets
Economic
• Local governments historically generated up to 50% of their fiscal income from selling 
land-use rights to developers, surpassing income from taxes
• Local government financing vehicles would also borrow against future land sales, 
increasing the weight of the sector on local governments’ ability to fund themselves
Financial
Inventory Reduction Needed to Support New Build Prices
-8
-6
-4
-2
0
2
4
6
8 New Build Prices in 70 Large and Medium-Sized Cities (yoy % growth)
Tier 1 cities Tier 2 cities Tier 3 cities
Source: DB
Source: JPM
6
► Four years after the start of the Real 
Estate crisis in China, industry KPIs remain 
challenged 
► On average, distressed property cycles 
recover over a four to seven-year period
► The recent decline in ‘under construction’ 
housing inventory has started to reduce 
the drop in new build prices, especially in 
Tier 1 cities
► Further inventory reduction is needed for 
the prices to start growing again
► A combination of stimulus, easing 
measures, and the Chinese Government 
urging SOEs to take on housing inventory 
will continue to support this trend
Development Activity Restart Must Address Capital Structures 
7
Source: DB
► A resurgence in new build 
prices will propel activity and 
new housing starts, which 
currently appear to be close to 
a bottom 
► Before the cycle can restart, 
developers need to clean up 
balance sheets to fund their 
operations
► We expect progress on 
Restructuring Support 
Agreements (RSA) to accelerate 
as developers get ready for the 
turn in the cycle
Large Universe of Potential Investments
8
There are more than 40 privately owned developers with relevant offshore bonds, representing 
over $100 billion in nominal bond outstanding. The aggregate mark-to-market value of all bonds 
is less than $8 billion. Prices correlate with the stage of restructuring a developer is in. 
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
0 2 4 6 8 10 12
Bond price 
Amount outstanding ($ billion)
Chinese RE developers - trading level vs. size outstanding
RSA completed Ongoing negotiations No ongoing process Other
6-yr Notes
25%
Mandatory 
Convertible Bonds
20%
Haircut
55%
Equity
100%
Restructuring Support Agreement Example: Fantasia
9
Below is an overview of the terms offered to Fantasia's bondholders in the current Restructuring 
Support Agreement (RSA). Selecting the optimal restructuring option will be a key driver for 
expected returns when participating in restructurings in the sector.
13 offshore secured 
bonds
$4.4b nominal 
outstanding
At 2c, this equals to 
$90m of outstanding 
market value
Fantasia Holdings (FTHDGR)
9-yr Notes
60%Equity
15%
Haircut
25%
Option 1
Option 2
Option 3
Trade Types Available
10
The attraction of different trades depends on how far a developer has progressed in their 
restructuring. Each offers a distinct risk-return profile and investment rationale.
We differentiate between developers who have not yet engaged with creditors, those with 
ongoing negotiations and an RSA in place, and those who have already completed their 
restructuring.
Status Trade Rationale Risk 
No RSA announced Buy defaulted bonds ahead of 
announcement 
Bonds may gap up on potential announcement Very high
RSA announced, not yet 
effective
Buy old bonds, own into conversion Improved trading in post-RX instruments due to 
bigger buyer pool
Moderate to high
RSA effective
Buy mandatory convertible notes 
(MCBs)
MCBs have bigger buyer pool, historically trade 
best out of all post-RX instruments
Moderate
Buy short term notes (STNs), 
contractually senior post-RX
Higher cash pay, shorter maturities, better 
collateral and negotiating position
Moderate
Buy remaining post-RX instruments 
Medium Term Notes, perps
Highest convexity and exposure to longer term 
sector recovery 
Very high
Buy equity post-conversion Benefit from sponsor-alignment, better liquidity, 
treatment vs. offshore bondholders
High
Macro and industry-related catalysts
► Chinese stimulus measures
► State support for developers 
► Improving KPIs (housing starts, pre-sold volume, floor area sold)
► Investor demand (especially benchmarked real money)
Single-name specific catalysts
► Pre-RSA names: announcement of RSA, tender offer
► Pre-RED (Restructuring Effective Date): exit from restructuring, cancellation of old bonds, 
issuance of new instruments
► Post-RED: inflexion in earnings, ability to address post-reorg capital structure
 
11
Altana has identified a range of potential catalysts that would lead to a repricing of the names.
These can be divided into macro and industry-related, as well as issuer-specific, catalysts. We 
have already begun to see some of the macro catalysts playing out. For single names, these 
again depend on the stage of restructuring. 
Positions are typically exited six months after restructuring.
Upside Catalysts & Restructuring Exit Plan
Portfolio Construction
12
We will build a basket of 10-12 names by selecting developers from the following categories. 
Our primary focus is on developers with intrinsic value and the highest recovery expectations. 
Category Characteristics
Deeply distressed with no 
intrinsic value
• Typically trading around 1c or below
• No fundamental recovery value
• No imminent catalyst
• Returns subject to tender offer or RSA materialising
Deeply distressed with 
potential intrinsic value
• Typically trading around 2-5c
• Uncertain recovery
• RSA negotiations ongoing, sponsor engaging with creditors
• Returns derived from conversion into post-RSA instruments
Distressed with positive 
expected recovery
• Trading at 5c and above
• Moderate fundamental value
• RSA completed or progressed 
• Returns derived from performance of converted instruments
 
13
Summary: Why Invest Now
Supportive fundamental backdrop
► Improving fundamentals (government support, KPIs bottoming out)
► Legal backdrop (China intent on avoiding US in-court restructurings)
Opportune timing
► Multiple RSAs nearing completion
► Growing investor interest over the last two to three months is pushing up pricing 
Significant upside
► Meaningful return potential derived from both macro and idiosyncratic catalysts
Rare distressed opportunity
► Few comparable liquid distressed situations in corporate credit today
Uncorrelated returns
► We expect idiosyncratic factors to be the primary drivers, offering investors potential for 
uncorrelated returns 
Extensive track record
► Altana has a successful distressed investing track record spanning multiple decades
Altana Track Record in Distressed Investing
14
Distressed investing is a core part of Altana’s DNA. Lee Robinson, Altana’s CIO and founder, has a 
25+-year audited track record in event-driven strategies and discovering niche alpha. 
Altana Distressed 
Opportunities 
(ADOF)
2023 - 
now
Altana Credit 
Opportunities
(ACOF)
Altana Event-
Driven Credit 
Fund (AEDF)
Investing in 
catalyst-driven 
credits and special 
situations. Launched 
a co-investment for 
Atos, one of Europe’s 
most high-profile 
restructuring cases, 
in 2024.
2020 - 
now
2018 - 
now
2001 - 
2012 
1998 - 
2001
Atos co-invest 
generated 
returns of 30% in 
seven months. 
Launched to profit 
from an eventual 
recovery in 
distressed 
Venezuelan 
sovereign and 
corporate bonds 
impacted by US 
sanctions.
Has returned 
more than 
125% net of 
fees. 
Focused on 
distressed 
situations within 
the offshore oil and 
gas services 
industry. Investing 
in restructurings 
during a sector 
downturn. 
Generated 
annualised returns 
of 40% since 2021, 
winning multiple 
awards. 
Focused on 
event-driven 
investing - 
merger 
arbitrage, debt 
restructurings 
and special 
situations.
Won multiple 
awards traded 
profitably 
throughout Credit 
Crash 2007-09
Built Tudor’s first-
ever merger 
arbitrage and 
special situations 
portfolio 
overlaying 
options to have a 
defined downside.
Generated over 
20% annualised 
returns
Trafalgar 
Catalyst Fund
Tudor Event-
Driven Fund
2024 - 
now
Altana 
Asymmetric 
Opportunities
(AAOF)
Investing in 
situations with 
asymmetric 
risk/reward across 
corporate and 
sovereign 
restructurings, 
equities, carbon 
and crypto.
Currently 
invested in 
select 
distressed 
Chinese 
property bonds.
The Investment Team
Lee Robinson:  Altana Founder and CIO
Lee is an industry veteran with over three decades of experience in alternative asset management. He 
established Altana Wealth in 2010 as his co-investment vehicle. Lee started as an equity and fixed-
income derivatives trader at Paribas and Deutsche Bank before joining Tudor Capital in 1998 to 
establish and manage their event-driven business. In 2001, he co-founded Trafalgar Asset Managers, 
where he was CIO, launching with $6m in November 2001, growing AUM to over $3b and employing over 
40 staff. He built and developed the business operations that suffered no counterparty credit losses. 
Benedict Keim:  AEDF co-Portfolio Manager
Benedict has been working in credit markets for over six years. Before joining Altana in 2022, Benedict 
spent three and a half years with JPMorgan in London and Paris, marketing corporate bonds and credit 
derivatives to institutional clients. Previously, he gained initial experience in trading agricultural 
commodities. At Altana, Benedict focuses on cyclical sectors, including shipping, energy and materials, 
analysing opportunities across the capital structure. Benedict holds a degree in Economics from the 
University of St. Gallen in Switzerland. 
Mathieu Scemama:  AEDF co-Portfolio Manager
Mathieu has over 15 years of experience focusing on corporate credit. He started at Moody’s, initially 
covering LBOs before moving to several portfolios of retail, services, airlines, and media companies. 
After advising issuers on their funding and rating strategies, he worked at Standard Chartered, where he 
was responsible for airlines and French corporates. He joined Altana in 2021 and focused on high-yield 
bonds before becoming PM of the new Altana event-driven fund. Mathieu graduated from Bordeaux 
Ecole Supérieure de Commerce with a Master's in management.
15
Fund Terms
Structure Cayman SPC
Liquidity Quarterly after 12 months lock-up
Share Class US$
Custodian State Street
Administrator Apex
Minimum Investment $100,000
Management Fee 2%
Performance Fee 20% with high-water mark 
Investor Contact investorservices@altanawealth.com
16
DISCLAIMER – IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This presentation has been prepared Altana Wealth Ltd. solely for the purpose of providing background information to the person to whom it has been delivered. The 
information contained herein is strictly confidential and is only for the use of the person to whom it is sent and/or who attends any associated presentation. The 
information contained herein may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any recipient for any purpose without the prior written content of Altana Wealth Ltd.. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, such person (and each employee, representative or other agent of such person) may disclose to any and all persons, 
without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of (i) the proposed fund (the “Fund”) and (ii) any of its transactions, and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the recipient relating to such tax treatment and tax structure.
The distribution of this document may be restricted in certain jurisdictions. The information herein is for general guidance only, and it is the responsibility of any person or 
persons in possession of this document to inform themselves of, and to observe, all applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction. The summary description 
included herein and any other materials provided to you are intended only for information purposes and convenient reference and are not intended to be complete. This 
information is not intended to provide and should not be relied upon for accounting, legal or tax advice or investment recommendations. You should consult your tax, 
legal, and accounting or other advisors about the issues discussed herein. Material terms of the Fund are subject to change. Any prospective investor will be provided 
with a copy of the Fund’s offering memorandum and an opportunity to review the documentation relating to the offering. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD REVIEW THE 
OFFERING MEMORANDUM, INCLUDING THE RISK FACTORS IN THE OFFERING MEMORANDUM, BEFORE MAKING A DECISION TO INVEST. In addition, prospective investors should rely 
only on the offering memorandum in making a decision to invest, although certain descriptions contained herein may be more detailed than those contained in the 
offering memorandum. Past performance is no guarantee of future performance. Subscriptions may only be made on the terms of the offering memorandum and 
subject to completion of a subscription agreement.
This document is not intended as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security. This document is not intended for distribution to or use by 
any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. In particular this document is not intended 
for distribution in the United States or for the account of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”)) except to persons who are “qualified purchasers” (as defined in the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Company Act”)) 
and “accredited investors” (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act). The Fund is not, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any of the states of the United States and interests therein many not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly into the United States, or to or for the account or 
benefit of any US person, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of such securities laws. The securities will 
be subject to restrictions on transferability and resale. The Fund will not be registered under the Company Act.
This document is being communicated by Altana Wealth Ltd. and in the United Kingdom it is only being provided to those persons to whom it may lawfully be issued 
under The Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005. No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the information and opinions 
contained in this document or their accuracy or completeness. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is given as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information or opinions contained in this document by any of Altana Wealth Ltd., its member, employees or affiliates and no liability is accepted by 
such persons for the accuracy or completeness of any such information or opinions, and nothing contained herein shall be relied upon as a promise or representation 
whether as to past or future performance. Opinions expressed herein may not be shared by all employees of Altana Wealth Ltd. and are subject to change without notice.
All rights reserved,  Altana Wealth (2025)
17
