© 2026 Elliott Investment Management L.P .  All rights reserved. 
The information presented herein is confidential and proprietary, and may not be (i) used by, or on behalf of, you for any purpose other than evaluating an initial or continued investment in either Elliott Associates, L.P . or Elliott International Limited (together, the “Funds”), or (ii) disclosed by, or on behalf of, you to any third party, in each case except with the prior written consent of Elliott Investment Management L.P . (together with its affiliates, “Elliott”).  The Funds are private investment vehicles whose investors obtain their interests in the Funds in private placements and may not freely transfer such interests.  This Quarterly Report contains information of a strictly private nature about the Funds’  investments, strategies, performance, terms and operations which does not concern local, national or worldwide events or other matters of public concern or public interest or affecting the public welfare.  Any use or disclosure by, or on behalf of, you in violation of your undertaking to keep such information confidential constitutes a serious abuse of trust that could have an adverse effect on Elliott and/or the investors in the Funds.  By accepting delivery of this Quarterly Report, you waive the right, and any claim of such right, to have your identity kept confidential in the event that the information presented to you herein is divulged or misused by, or on behalf of, you, and you acknowledge and agree in such event that (a) any recipient of this Quarterly Report, or any information contained herein, may disclose your identity to Elliott, (b) you will be liable and responsible for all acts of any such recipient with respect to any information divulged by, or on behalf of, you, and (c) upon Elliott’ s request, you will disclose the identity of any such recipient to Elliott.  Also, by accepting delivery of this Quarterly Report, you agree that you will be responsible for any legal fees and other expenses incurred by Elliott in obtaining your identity, or in otherwise enforcing its rights with respect to your undertaking, in the event such information is divulged or misused by, or on behalf of, you.  The provisions in this paragraph are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other obligations that you may have, or rights or remedies Elliott may have, at law, in equity or by contract. Any party receiving this Quarterly Report, or any information contained herein, in violation of your undertaking (1) is hereby put on notice of your undertaking and waiver of rights, (2) waives the right, and any claim of such right, to have their identity kept confidential, and (3) is liable and responsible for all of their acts with respect to this Quarterly Report and any information contained herein. 
If you are unwilling or unable to abide by your undertaking to keep the information contained herein confidential, promptly return to Elliott, or, at Elliott’ s option, destroy, this Quarterly Report without any use, dissemination, distribution or copying of such information.  Upon Elliott’ s request, you agree to promptly return to Elliott, or , at Elliott’ s option, destroy, this Quarterly Report and to confirm in writing the completion of any return or destruction, as applicable. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, you shall be permitted to disclose in confidence any information contained herein to an attorney or to federal, state, or local government officials, law enforcement, government agencies and regulatory organizations of the United States (including, for the sake of clarity, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Commodity Futures Trading Commission and National Futures Association) for the purpose of investigating or reporting a suspected violation of law, and you shall not be required to notify Elliott (or any person affiliated with Elliott) regarding any such disclosure. 
ELLIOTT INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT L.P. 
 
CONFIDENTIAL QUARTERLY REPORT 
 
AS OF MARCH 31, 2026 
For the quarter ended March 31, 2026, Class B interests in Elliott Associates, L.P. and Elliott 
International Limited are estimated to have earned a profit of 1.2% and 0.8%, respectively. In 
addition, the Class B share price of Elliott International Limited was estimated to be $2,541.1 as 
of March 31, 2026. The table below compares an investment in Elliott Associates, L.P. and Elliott 
International Limited with investments in U.S. Treasury Bills, common stocks with dividends 
reinvested, and bonds with income reinvested. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of 
future results.
Performance figures included herein represent returns on (i) Class A interests, from inception through December 31, 2009, and (ii) Class B 
interests, from January 1, 2010 onwards.  For additional important disclosures regarding this Quarterly Report and the Funds’ performance 
figures included herein, please see page 19 hereof. 
Net Performance for the periods ended March 31, 2026QuarterCompoundannual rateof return from 4/1/23(three years)Compoundannual rateof return from 4/1/16(ten years)Compoundannual rateof return from 4/1/06(twenty years)Compoundannual rateof returnCurrent valueof each $1investedCompoundannual rateof returnCurrent valueof each $1investedElliott Associates, L.P. 1.2% 8.3% 9.0% 10.5% 11.3% $28.07 12.7% $350.32Elliott International Limited 0.8% 7.9% 8.5% 10.0% 10.9% $25.41 n/a n/a3-Month Treasury Bills 0.8% 4.7% 2.3% 1.7% 2.5% $2.19 4.6% $9.03S&P 500 Stock Index   with Dividends Reinvested -4.4% 18.3% 14.1% 10.5% 10.9% $25.23 11.8% $237.27Bloomberg US Aggregate  Bond Index 0.0% 3.6% 1.7% 3.3% 4.6% $4.09 6.4% $20.71From 12/23/94(EIL inception)From 2/1/77(EALP inception)
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
2
Profitable sectors for the quarter included distressed debt  and other debt,  equity-oriented 
strategies, event  arbitrage and related-securities  arbitrage, and portfolio volatility protection 
related to currencies, gold and credit. Unprofitable sectors for the quarter included commodities 
and portfolio volatility protection related to equities and interest rates. This is a time for investors 
to exercise  extreme caution and make  every effort  to constrain their risk profile. Capital 
preservation should always be a focus of money management, but at times like this it should be 
the dominant goal. In our vie w, there are more risks to asset values than at any time in Elliott’s 
existence.  
The last energy-focused high-risk period in the early 1970s produced a 26% cumulative rise in 
consumer prices over three years. Ultimatel y, the Federal Reserve took a bludgeon approach to 
fighting inflation, raising short-term interest rates to nearly 20%. That did the trick, in the sense 
of bringing down inflation for the next 40 years, but at the cost of a double-dip recession in the 
early 1980s. The world today is far more financially leveraged and brittle than it was in 1973, 
leaving central banks with fewer options. It is difficult to imagine the consequences of short-term 
interest rates rising to even 7% in the United States, Europe, Japan, and other (heavily debt-laden) 
developed countries.  
As this is written, oil prices are approximately 40% higher than their pre-Iran war level after 
peaking close to 50% highe r. So far, financial markets have responded with something between 
serenity and a belief that this state of affairs will not last very long. If this belief is correct, then 
it would be unlike the early 1970s, when oil prices didn’t retrace, and in fact continued rising 
through the remainder of the decade. At $90-$120 per barrel toda y, even a few months at these 
prices is likely to produce  a meaningful burst of inflation that  could spread across the global 
economy while simultaneously unleashing recessionary forces. It  is difficult to believe  that 
central banks would respond to such conditions (so-called stagflation) with higher interest rates, 
despite what they say and what investors think now.
Short-term yield curves went on a  peculiar “walkabout” as the war with Iran  got underway, 
initially pricing in higher interest rates followed by a sharp decline. However, the explanation for 
such a precise and unusual front-end yield curve might be that traders (particularly those who 
trade European and U.K. interest rates) were caught wrong-footed in large, levered position sizes 
by the war’s impact on oil and gas supply and the path of the economy. 
AI is another major  force in today’s financial markets. There  are serious questions about the 
expectations of AI, but  clearly the technology is important and will  have a variety of large 
economic and societal effects – both positive and negative. Still, the current AI-related valuations, 
including those  inflated by aggressive accounting techniques  and business practices, are very 
high and have a  decent (or indecent as you wish) chance of falling over on top of the  global –
particularly U.S. – stock markets.  
The credit markets appear to be in the early stages of a period of stress, led by the emerging mini 
debacle in “private credit.” Investors should be skeptical about the much touted “replacement” 
of bank syndicate financing by unregulated nonbank lenders, who lack a “lender of last resort” 
(the Fed) to step in when things get tough. The performance of private  credit borrowers and 
issuers in a period of severely widening credit spreads is unknown and untested. Our belief is that 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
3 
 
private credit issuers are adequately staffed for originating loans, but not for complicated, labor-
intensive workouts across a large number of borrowers in a short period.  
 
A good deal of this debt  is owned by retail investors , and the elevated leverage, subpar quality 
and overconfidence of issuers and buyers may not bode well in a severe credit-spread-widening 
environment. Also of note is the growing credit exposure of traditional banks, both U .S. and 
foreign, to the private credit industry. Bank regulators may well choose to tighten the reins (as 
usual, after the fact), further limiting available capital and liquidity when it is most needed. Such 
conditions could make a very large amount of debt available at extremely attractive prices.   
 
As the credit opportunity set grows, Elliott’s highest priority, in addition to intense and thorough 
underwriting, is calibrating the size of new  positions at each price  and yield level. Among the 
lessons learned over the decades is that in stressed credit environments, the volatility of  credit 
prices can be even higher than equity market volatility. The task in such periods is a combination 
of adding positions in which we have confidence and selecting and rebalancing the appropriate 
hedges to mitigate risks all the way down to uncertain endpoints. While we expect that the credit 
markets will provide a plethora of opportunities, it is not guaranteed. We are growing positions 
in stressed credit, but slowly.  
 
In addition to credit, the public equity activism business continues to generate  interesting 
opportunities. A notable development is the increasing willingness, even bordering on 
enthusiasm, of some corporations to work with us well beyond a grudging recognition that we 
own a large stake in their stock . This derives from a desire  among more open- minded 
management teams to benefit from our team’s deep and well-founded analysis of their companies 
and what may be done to improve them. This alignment not only gives us a high degree of access 
but also provides a less controversial path to generating increases in enterprise value. 
 
In personnel developments, five new partners have been named: 
 
• Rob Bruno: Joined Elliott ’s Trading team in 2002 as a Trader. Rob is responsible for 
Global Situational Equity Trading. 
• Neil Barve: Joined Elliott’ s Asset Backed and Structured Finance team in 2008 as a 
Trader/Analyst. Neil is responsible for ABSF investments. 
• Mike Tomkins: Joined Elliott’s Global Situational team in 2014 as an
 Analyst. Mike is 
responsible for public and private equity and opportunistic credit investments in the U.S. 
energy space. 
• David Kerko: Joined Elliott ’s PE team in 2021 as a Senior Portfolio Manager, Head of 
North America Private Equity. David is responsible for Global Private Equity investing 
across tech, industrials, and consumer retail industries. 
• Chris Hsu: Joined Elliott’s PE team in 2022 as a Managing Director, Head of Portfolio 
Operations. Chris co-leads Global Private Equity with David Kerko and is responsible for 
value creation across a range of Elliott’s portfolio companies. 
 
As of March 31, 2026, the combined assets under management of EALP and EIL were 
approximately $79.8 billion. 
 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
4
PERSPECTIVES
THE STATE OF PLAY 
Important, challenging and dangerous trends are converging around the world, yet the prevailing 
posture of the investment community remains bullish, with equities in record valuation territory 
and credit spreads tame (except in pockets of stress). The consensus – and it is very nearly 
unanimous – holds that a serious bear market is not in the cards, that a deep recession is a relic 
of less enlightened policy regimes, and that whatever disruptions may arise will be contained by 
the familiar combination of central bank intervention and fiscal largesse. Elliott has been doing 
this long enough to know that when virtually everyone agrees on the outlook, the outlook is most 
likely wrong – not because contrarianism is our philosophy, but because markets driven by tightly
wound consensus eventually run out of additional likeminded buyers. Such a change in direction 
can be abrupt and large. The widespread conviction that serious and sustained inflation, a painful
bear market and a deep recession simply cannot happen is not a sign of analytical rigor. It may 
be a sign that many people have forgotten what those things look like. 
 
Elliott does not know which of the many observed risks will be the one that matters most. No one 
can predict the timing of the next period of serious market stress, nor what form it will take. What 
can be said, with the conviction born of managing money through every kind of environment 
since 1977, is that the number of plausible paths to serious trouble has rarely, if ever, been higher. 
The structures meant to absorb shocks are each compromised in specific ways, and the prevailing 
confidence in those structures is itself a source of fragility. 
 
WAR 
It is said that ideologies cannot be destroyed by force alone, and that wars are futile and solve 
nothing. Both claims are just plain wrong. Think of the war against German National Socialism 
and Japanese imperialism. Unconditional surrender, the chosen Allied goal in World War II, 
produced two of the most stable democracies in the world. 
The current conflict is with a theocracy, Iran, which has built a nuclear weapons program while 
repeatedly promising to eradicate Israel and – directly and through proxies – carry out terrorist 
attacks against the U.S. and its allies. A nuclear Iran is a threat not only to America and Israel but 
to the whole world. Before a hostile power has the ability to produce a nuclear explosion in a 
populated area, the need for preemption becomes absolute – and the consequences of delay, 
potentially apocalyptic. 
 
Reorganizing markets and more 
 
Regardless of how the conflict with Iran resolves, the dislocation of energy markets, inflationary 
pressures and shifts in capital flows are already having an impact and are likely to influence 
growth, policy and asset prices well beyond the immediate conflict.  
 
The last time oil prices were inflated significantly by geopolitical forces – a near-quadrupling in 
1973-74 – the result was a nearly 50% bear market in U.S. stocks, a recession and a serious 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
5
acceleration of the already-underway burst of inflation. The inflation wave from 1965 to 1982 
was caused by (1) excessive government spending (“guns and butter”); (2) the oil embargo by 
OPEC during the Yom Kippur War, together with OPEC’s newly discovered power of restricting 
the supply of an inelastic essential commodity to manipulate prices; and (3) the 1971 wage/price 
freeze and cancellation of gold convertibility. The Fed responded, under the leadership of Paul 
V olcker, by raising short-term interest rates to nearly 20%, a sort of “death penalty” for inflation 
(as well as for the economy and stock market).  
In the current situation, if war-driven energy-price increases and broader inflation accompany or 
precipitate a recession, central banks will most likely be lowering interest rates, in contrast to the 
1970s/early 1980s. Unlike in 1974, the U.S. financial system is extremely overindebted, as are 
Europe and Japan’s. Thus, even interest rates far below those of the late 1970s may be unbearable 
and may not save the stock market. 
One consensus takeaway from Iran’s control of the Strait of Hormuz – and by extension the global 
price of hydrocarbons – is that the value of alternative energy, including solar and wind, has been 
“conclusively demonstrated.” However, solar and wind today account for about 6% of global 
energy supply and thus cannot be the “solution” to the current war-driven energy crisis. Though 
everyone now has a much greater appreciation for the value of diversification in energy sources, 
solar and wind cannot replace oil, gas and coal in any timeframe relevant to current policymaking. 
The following chart breaks down global sources of energy. It is important to keep this chart in 
mind as politicians and ideologues exploit the energy debate in the midst of the war: 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
6
As important as any specific outcome of the war are the structural shifts already underway: energy 
supply insecurity, higher volatility in commodity markets, and the repricing of geopolitical risk 
across all asset classes. After decades in which globalization and efficiency dominated – the so-
called “just in time” era, in which national security took a back seat to profitability and speed – 
the system must now confront physical constraints rather than purely financial ones. Even limited 
attacks can leave meaningful capacity offline for years. In a world in which the standard response 
to major crises is budget deficits and money printing, it is hard to come to grips with a real 
problem that cannot be solved by expanding central bank balance sheets. 
 
The U.S. is in a better position than most. It is energy and food independent, with neighbors to 
the north and south who complement rather than threaten its security. This advantage is real and 
substantial, and it sets the U.S. apart from Europe, Japan and much of Asia in a way that matters 
enormously. But energy independence does not confer “immunity” from price volatility. The 
price of oil is global; when it rises substantially and quickly, the effects are felt by every American 
who fills a gas tank and by the Fed, which is trying to bring inflation back to a target that now 
seems quaintly optimistic. A sustained oil price above $100 per barrel could add significantly to 
headline inflation, severely complicating the Fed’s ability to cut interest rates.    
 
The stagflation scenario – the trap in which the economy is weakening but inflation is rising, 
leaving the central bank unable to ease – is not an abstraction. It is what an extended energy 
disruption could produce, layered as it would be onto other existing monetary and fiscal 
pressures.  
 
Economic “opportunity” 
 
Until the end of World War II, and for a few decades thereafter, the progression of military 
technology ran persistently in one direction: toward greater offensive lethality, larger and more 
expensive systems, and masses of soldiers. The term “military-industrial complex” aptly 
describes how wars were won – with massive capital investment and funding a relatively small 
number of big-ticket items at high cost per unit – the Abrams tank, the Ford-class aircraft carrier, 
the stealth bomber. This high cost per item was the defining characteristic of the battlefield.   
The direction of military thinking today, driven by necessity as much as strategy, can be 
characterized as the path from “Tiffany to Walmart” – evidenced by Ukrainians making drones 
and other weapons on their kitchen tables, and holding off the Russian juggernaut for four years 
(and counting). Although new large-scale defense systems will still be essential – high-powered 
lasers knocking hundreds or perhaps thousands of drones and missiles out of the air in seconds 
at minuscule cost per shot, or AI that can coordinate thousands of drones working in packs – 
many of those gigantic military capital projects may become obsolete or less useful in modern 
warfare. Consider this description from Jim Bianco of Bianco Research, posted on April 2:
Frontline commanders log into an iPad and bypass central command entirely. They 
spend digital points to purchase equipment directly from hundreds of (Ukrainian) 
manufacturers. When they encounter a new threat, they message the manufacturer 
directly and work with the engineers to find a solution, even if that means they visit 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
7
the front. The result is hardware or software upgrades that once took months now take 
days. 
Here’s the crucial part: hundreds of manufacturers compete fiercely for these dollars 
by offering the best possible product as fast as possible. This isn’t centralized 
procurement. It is a market. Competition drives innovation at scale. Weapons evolve 
in real time as the enemy evolves.  
 
The economic implication is that cost efficiency, resilience and technological iteration, rather 
than singular high-cost platforms, are in the process of becoming the dominant drivers of military 
investment, particularly in a world where fragility has replaced redundancy. Military equipment 
and the science of war (enabled and enhanced by AI, of course) may well be among the most 
important and fastest-growing economic sectors for years to come. 
 
INFLATION 
Definitions
The most accurate definition of inflation is the deterioration of the purchasing power of money. 
Any other definition or adjustment (core/noncore; consumer price index; producer price index;
owner’s equivalent rent; hedonic adjustment) masks the deterioration of the purchasing power of 
money. Isn’t it interesting that allthe adjustments operate in the direction of masking and 
minimizing inflation?  
There is a widespread misunderstanding about the definition of “inflation,” and it is not a trivial 
one. Almost everyone – including economists and policymakers, and virtually all of the financial 
press – thinks of inflation as prices rising. It is easy to discuss inflation as prices going up – it is 
there every day at the grocery store and gas station, in the cost of insurance and college tuition. 
This concept is not exactly wrong, but it is importantly incomplete.  
 
Inflation is not about prices. It is about money. Prices do not rise because goods become more 
valuable. Prices rise because the money used to buy them becomes less valuable. The distinction 
matters because it determines what you do about it. If you think inflation is about prices, you 
might reach for price controls, targeted subsidies, jawboning – the tools of the symptom-treater. 
If you think inflation is about money, you look at the forces destroying money’s value and find, 
at this particular moment in history, a disturbing number of them operating simultaneously, 
reinforcing one another, and being actively encouraged by the people who are supposed to be 
guarding against them. 
 
Among the forces: war, monetary expansion (including too-low interest rates and quantitative 
easing), fiscal deficits, cryptocurrencies, supply-chain bottlenecks, artificial limits on supply, and 
others. This toxic combination is sending prices to the sky and money to the gutter.  
The components included in any measure of inflation are arbitrary. There is no especially good 
reason that the particular elements in the consumer price index, or their precise weights, should 
be the chosen ones that define the official rate. It seems obvious (to us) that rising asset prices fit 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
8
the definition of monetary degradation, yet they are not included in measures of “inflation.” This 
highlights the importance of recognizing that the CPI is a political construction as much as a 
statistical one. Its history of successive adjustments has had the cumulative effect of making the 
reported rate of inflation lower than the inflation experienced by actual human beings who buy 
actual things.  
 
The question naturally arises: What distinguishes the current fiscal and monetary trajectory of the 
U.S. from that of countries that have experienced extreme monetary destruction? This is not
intended as a rhetorical provocation. Argentina came out of World War II as the ninth-largest 
economy in the world, with abundant natural resources, an educated population and functioning 
institutions. Venezuela should be a wealthy nation on the strength of its oil reserves alone. 
Zimbabwe had a functioning agricultural economy. Yet all of these countries, plus many more, 
have experienced monetary wipeouts. The journey from monetary respectability to hyperinflation 
is not a mere theoretical worry, but the lived reality for tens of millions of people across the globe. 
 
Confidence 
 
What has kept the developed countries from the collapse of bond prices and the evaporation of 
confidence in money that has struck so many others? The answer is confidence itself, the most 
powerful and the most fragile of economic forces. Powerful because, so long as it persists, it 
allows governments to borrow at low rates, currencies to hold their value and citizens to plan 
their economic lives around the assumption that a dollar (or euro, or yen) earned today will 
purchase approximately a dollar’s (etc.) worth of goods next month. Fragile because it rests on 
nothing more substantial than a collective belief – a belief that can thin gradually and snap 
suddenly, as every country that has experienced monetary destruction can attest. 
 
The early stages of monetary destruction look benign. In fact, they can feel like prosperity. Asset 
prices rise, debts feel lighter, budgets seem affordable. It is only later that the trap becomes 
visible, after the habits of excess have embedded themselves in everyone’s expectations, after the 
political system has become dependent on the continuation of excess, and after the central bank 
has lost the ability to tighten without precipitating the very crisis it is trying to forestall. By then, 
the exits are crowded, and the crowd is large.  
 
The mechanics of how savings and currencies are destroyed are not mysterious – they are, in fact, 
among the most thoroughly documented phenomena in economic history – and the refusal to 
learn from that documentation is itself a policy choice, made every day, by people who should 
know better. The forces bearing down on the value of money are not hypothetical. Fiscal deficits 
in the U.S. are running at a level (roughly 6% of GDP, in a growing economy with low 
unemployment) that was in every prior era a policy response to deep recessions or major wars, 
not peacetime prosperity. The Iran war is impactful and important but does not have the economic 
impact of a major war.  
 
U.S. federal debt, by any honest actuarial accounting that includes entitlement obligations, is 
unpayable in real terms – everyone knows this, yet nobody will say it in a setting where it might 
matter. Central bank balance sheets, which were supposed to be unwinding after the emergency 
expansions of 2009-2021, have stopped shrinking and in some cases have resumed growing. 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
9
Short-term interest rates were being pushed lower until the war started, even as the inflationary 
pressures from tariffs, energy disruption and defense spending were building. And governments 
are in the process of legitimizing cryptocurrencies as components of the monetary system, a 
development whose inflationary implications are unknowable, but whose direction is 
unmistakable.  
The emerging bipartisan enthusiasm for “affordability” (a word that has replaced “transitory” as 
the favored incantation of policymakers who have no intention of addressing the root causes of 
the problem) is itself a symptom of what it purports to cure. If the policy response to the 
evaporation of purchasing power (“unaffordability”) is to create more money and distribute it, 
then the response will accelerate the destruction of the very money it distributes. This is not a 
novel observation. It is being re-learned, at considerable expense, in real time. 
The “safe haven” that wasn’t  
For as long as most people alive today can remember, the response of the U.S. Treasury market 
to geopolitical crises has been reflexive and dependable: yields fall, bond prices rise, and the 
world’s capital tends to flow into the one asset that everyone, everywhere, treats as the riskless 
foundation of the global financial system. (The previous episode of significant inflation, from 
1965 to 1982, was the exception.) This is the “flight to safety” – the gravitational pull of the dollar 
and Treasury bonds in moments of fear. It has held through wars, financial panics, sovereign debt 
crises and even a viral pandemic. It is the main pillar on which the dollar’s reserve-currency status 
rests. 
 
During the Iran conflict, that reflex broke. Yields rose. The ten-year note sold off on inflation 
fears rather than rallying on safe-haven demand and the traditional acceptance of a slightly lower, 
but more certain, return. For the first time in recent memory, a major geopolitical crisis – the kind 
that has historically sent capital rushing into Treasuries – failed to trigger the expected response. 
 
There have been brief episodes of Treasury weakness amid stress in recent years, such as the 
“dash for cash” in March 2020 and the British gilt crisis of 2022, but those were resolved quickly 
by overwhelming central bank intervention. The question raised this quarter is different: What if 
the intervention is no longer available? What if the Fed, constrained by inflation that is running 
above target and rising, cannot expand its balance sheet to support the Treasury market without 
making the inflation problem worse and thereby making the confidence problem worse? What if 
the very act of rescuing the Treasury market worsens the inflation that made the rescue necessary? 
 
This may prove to be a one-time distortion caused by the specific inflationary characteristics of 
a major energy-supply shock and other policies unique to this moment. That explanation, 
however, seems unlikely. The combination of fiscal excess, politicized monetary policy, 
weaponized sanctions and the quiet diversification by foreign central banks into gold and non-
dollar reserves has been eroding the foundation for years. What happened recently may simply 
be the first time the erosion was visible to the naked eye.  
 
If the Treasury haven premium is genuinely diminishing, it would be among the most 
consequential developments in global finance in the lifetime of all Americans. Specifically, it 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
10
would mean that the one thing the U.S. government has always been able to count on in times of 
stress – the willingness of the world to lend to it cheaply when it needs it the most – is no longer 
assured. If that willingness is gone, the entire architecture of U.S. financial dominance rests on a 
foundation that may already be cracking, even if its occupants have not yet noticed. 
 
ARTIFICIAL “INTELLIGENCE” 
We keep writing about AI because AI has created wealth faster and in greater quantity than any 
technology in history, which is always a sign to pay attention. AI has convinced us that it has 
moved beyond its “stupid dog tricks” phase and is producing fewer hallucinations. The 
expenditure of several trillion dollars on infrastructure is likely to enable some high-reliability
and super-fast manifestations of accurate information and valuable applications. Yet, the reality 
of the technology does not resolve the question of what it is worth, who will profit from it, or 
whether the capital structures being erected to finance its buildout can generate commensurate
economic returns. The persistent conflation of “AI is powerful” with “AI stocks are a good 
investment at current prices” is one of the defining analytical failures of the moment. A thing can 
be transformative and overpriced at the same time – just think of the railroads a century and more 
ago.  
 
It is difficult to construct a case that the foundational AI companies enjoy monopolistic “moats” 
that limit or eliminate competition and protect profit margins. In fact, several “hyperscaler” 
companies are rapidly arriving at parity in what they can deliver. So far, AI has produced a number 
of specialized applications that service various technical, medical, organizational and other fields 
(which is fine and deserving of compensation), a larger number of pedestrian applications of 
limited market value, and many remaining glitches. Meanwhile, off-balance-sheet leverage, 
circular capital flows, vendor financing, increasing reliance on debt, and thinning coverage ratios 
introduce risks more reminiscent of past cycles than many acknowledge. These phenomena are 
warning signs in any industry, and the fact that the underlying technology is genuine does not 
exempt the financing from scrutiny.  
Even if the circumstances in which AI can fully substitute for human judgment remain confined
to a narrow set of applications, the technology will still reshape industries, redistribute value 
across companies and alter sources of durable competitive advantage in the coming years.  
 
First up has been the software sector entering what some have called the “SaaS-pocalypse” – a 
violent repricing of software companies, many of whose business models are (or are feared to be) 
directly threatened by the ability of AI to automate the tasks their products were designed to 
facilitate. The expanded technology-software sector index is down more than 20% year to date 
as this is written. The selling seemed indiscriminate – many software companies are sticky 
enough to retain and grow their customers despite AI – but the repricing is a sign that disruption 
in other sectors is likely to follow.  
 
Complicating matters for investors is that the impact of AI will vary not just across industries but 
within them, as each company’s ability to redesign its workflows, harness its data, address legacy 
“issues” and reorganize around the technology will vary dramatically. As a result, firms that figure 
out how to incorporate AI effectively may see meaningful gains in productivity and margins, 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
11 
while incumbents that do not will lose market share to their peers and to the waves of startups
being financed with this exact purpose in mind. Rather than a sudden collapse, the more likely 
outcome is a quiet erosion (but perhaps not so quiet in the stock market): competitors using AI 
reduce costs, accelerate product cycles and pass some of those gains through to customers, 
forcing others to follow. Nothing is visibly broken on such a path, but the economics have 
changed. The challenge that will keep many investors awake is that discerning who shall thrive 
and who shall perish will remain difficult for some time.  
 
It should not be forgotten that AI has significant societal downsides, ranging from documented 
instances of goading users toward harmful behaviors, including suicide, all the way to the 
prospect of losing our ability to control it. The consequences of these risks could, at the fixable 
end, result in billions or hundreds of billions of dollars in damage verdicts or settlements. At the 
outer end – almost science fiction – it is not yet possible to visualize what the potential loss of 
control over these systems would look like.  
 
Beyond the technology itself, the business-model questions remain largely unanswered. What 
distinguishes the AI providers in the eyes of the customer? How will they be differentiated other 
than on price? How will they achieve massive network effects? What are the chances of any 
purveyor achieving brand-name status? What proportion of current revenues are tryouts – 
subscriptions taken by curious individuals and companies engaged in experimentation – that will 
be terminated once the novelty fades or the budgets tighten? Nobody knows, and current 
valuations do not leave much room for disappointing answers.  
 
The opportunity set for Elliott in this swirling pot of possibilities includes applying our analytical 
experience and skills to underwrite long or short positions in the equity or credit of companies 
that are likely either to survive the AI onslaught or to become large, distressed situations. It is 
early days on the credit side of those potential opportunities.  
 
BEAR MARKETS  
One of the most persistent and dangerous illusions in the investing world is the belief that bear 
markets are discrete episodes that arrive with some warning, do their damage in a concentrated 
burst and then recede. This belief is comforting, because it implies that the attentive investor can 
see the storm coming, take shelter and emerge when the sun returns. It is also, on the evidence of 
every serious bear market in the past century, wrong. Bear markets are not just events. They can 
be environments – extended, disorienting, psychologically devastating sequences of decline, 
rally, renewed decline and false hope that defeat even the most prescient participants, not because 
the participants lack intelligence but because the patterns of destruction never conform to 
anyone’s script. The overwhelming majority of investors, including many professionals, have 
organized their risk management around the assumption that they will recognize a bear market as 
it begins and take defensive action in time and in the appropriate size. Planning to be nimble is 
planning to fail, if the bear market is big and complicated enough, or if its adverse impacts turn 
out to be long-lasting rather than ephemeral.
But you may say: Oh, the crash of 1929! Oh, the crash of 1987! Surely those were the kind of 
clear, dramatic breaks that a prepared investor could navigate. But that would be wrong. The 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
12
crash of 1929 was a three-year ordeal. The market peaked in September 1929, dropped sharply 
in October and into mid-November, and then – this is what people forget – rallied wildly into 
April of 1930, restoring more than half of what had been destroyed. Imagine the investor who 
held on through the panic, who watched the rally confirm his or her fortitude, and who thought 
(reinforced by statements from the gurus of the day) that the worst was over. From that March 
1930 rally to the ultimate bottom in July 1932, the market endured seven sickening declines of 
15% to 30% each, interspersed with seven head-spinning rallies of comparable magnitude, before 
finding a bottom 89% below the high. Three years. Seven fake bottoms. Every one of them 
convincing enough to trap the smart money and the dumb money alike. All of it stemming from 
the truly transformative inventions and excellent growth rate of the economy in the 1920s, serving 
to increase confidence, leverage, position size, and a vision of blue skies forever. 
And 1987? The stock market peaked on August 25, following an almost continuous steep rally 
that had run since 1982. In the weeks that followed August 25, several of the most respected 
commentators of the era predicted what was coming – and not one of them got the pattern right. 
The greatest of these, Alan Abelson of Barron’ s, in September called for one more rally and then 
a gigantic crash. The rally never came. Instead, there was irregular downward movement through 
the third week of October, ending in a bad week capped by a 4.6% decline on that Friday. That 
weekend, every margin clerk on Wall Street worked through the night preparing the pictures of 
their clients’ finances. Those margin calls on Monday were compounded by the catastrophic 
failure of “portfolio insurance” – a quantitative strategy premised on the deranged belief that the 
profile of put-option protection could be replicated by dynamically selling stock index futures as 
the market fell.  
 
Instead, when tested, portfolio insurance created a self-reinforcing cascade of selling into a 
vacuum. Together with the shortfall of stock market infrastructure to cope with the surge in 
trading volume, these forces produced a 22% price decline in a single day, October 19 – Black 
Monday. The next morning, pre-market futures traded still lower, on margin calls to some of the 
most prominent global investors. Later that day, at that moment of maximum terror when every 
instinct screamed to sell, the market found the bottom. Stocks reversed violently and never 
revisited those levels. Anyone who sold that Tuesday morning was selling at the low of a 
generation. Elliott was there, ready to buy, having been bearish going in, and made money for the 
year. The experience reinforced lessons about the unpredictable nature of markets that continue 
to anchor and inform Elliott’s approach to risk. 
 
Experience in trading markets for almost half a century has taught Elliott’s management team 
that once the first or second round of bargain hunting is complete in bear markets, losses can 
mount at a ferocious pace, and liquidity between price levels can be nonexistent. Meaning, you 
buy a bond in a bear market at a price of 90% of face value that you think is a bargain. Then it 
goes to 80% and you think it is a bigger bargain. When it goes to 70%, you look around the rest 
of your portfolio and see nasty things happening, and you stop buying. This facilitates the price 
decline to 60%, to 50%, to 40%. When it gets to 30%, there’s no force holding it there, even if 
you think it is money good and 60% was a true bargain price. Elliott has experienced and observed 
these numbers and these events, more than once. 
 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
13
The point is not that the next bear market will resemble these prior scenarios – it will not, because 
it never does. The point is that in every serious decline, the pattern of destruction defied the 
expectations of even those who had correctly diagnosed the overvaluation that preceded it. The 
notion that astute investors will see it coming and step aside – and then step back in at or near the 
bottom – is a fantasy that has cost more money than any number of bad underwriting mistakes.
It is precisely this misapprehension that we believe undergirds the risk management approach of 
a large number of today’s investors.  
 
What are today’s equivalents of portfolio insurance in 1987, or the correlation assumptions that 
destroyed Long-Term Capital Management in 1998, or the geographic-diversification fiction that 
made subprime-mortgage securitizations “triple-A” in 2007? There are several nominees, and 
what they share is a family resemblance: Each involves the assumption that a given source of risk 
has been eliminated or contained, when in fact it has merely been disguised, deferred or moved 
to a part of the system where it is harder to see, especially in an atmosphere characterized by 
FOMO rather than sobriety, openminded respect for risk, and solid analysis.  
 
Leveraged exchange-traded funds – many of them offering two or three times the daily return of 
a single stock – have proliferated to the point where their trading volumes are growing at nearly 
30% per year. The capital in these vehicles sits in margin accounts that themselves represent 
additional leverage, leverage upon leverage upon leverage, whose behavior in a sharp downturn 
is genuinely unknown. The stock market itself has become so concentrated in a handful of names 
that the indexes designed to provide diversification no longer do so in any meaningful sense. And 
valuation metrics for a variety of financial assets are at the top end of their historical ranges. 
 
Each of these is a different face of the same underlying problem: the systematic underpricing of 
risk during an extended period of calm, facilitated by easy money, abundant liquidity and the 
near-universal belief that the central bank will prevent any serious reckoning – the “Fed Put.” 
The belief is not irrational, as the central bank has, in fact, intervened to arrest every significant 
decline for the last three decades. But the belief itself is what makes the system fragile, because 
it encourages exactly the kind of risk-taking – more leverage, more concentration, more opacity, 
less hedging – that makes future intervention more difficult and less effective (as well as 
“training” investors with the wrong lessons).  
 
There exists a non-remote scenario in which intervention is constrained entirely. If inflation 
proves resistant to the declaration of victory (the personal consumption expenditure deflator is 
running at nearly 3%, with core measures above that), and if the combination of tariffs, energy 
disruption, fiscal deficits and the legitimization of cryptocurrencies as money creation pushes 
prices higher, the Fed may find itself unable to cut rates or expand its balance sheet without 
accelerating the very inflation it is supposed to be fighting. Now add to the mix a serious fall in 
the exchange value of the dollar, and what you have is the stagflation trap. This is the scenario in 
which the famous Fed Put is constrained. This is not a prediction that it will happen, though the 
conditions for it are present in a rare combination. Virtually no one is positioned for it. 
 
No one has ever reliably predicted the timing, shape or pattern of a serious bear market – not the 
people who got the thesis right, not the gurus, not the government officials, not us. The best 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
14 
 
anyone can do is be structurally prepared for the thing whose arrival is certain,  but whose 
schedule is unknowable, while making a meaningful positive return along the way. 
 
We believe that the clear majority of today’s portfolio managers and CIOs were not in control of 
portfolios in 2008 and therefore have no direct experience in truly ghastly investing and trading 
circumstances.  
 
The 2020 pandemic downward spike does not count as live fire training at all;  in fact, it counts 
negatively toward assessing the experience and staying power of investors in a strong, 
complicated, difficult environment. The reason is that the pandemic bear market took place over 
just a few weeks of a sudden 36% plunge straight down, followed immediately by a full recovery 
and more. The pandemic did not reveal the all-weather chops of money managers because there 
was barely time to be stupid and take self-destructive actions. Thus, since the GFC there has been 
no environment which convincingly demonstrated not only the genius skills of money managers, 
but also survival skills among investors who are not hedging their equity risk all the time. 
 
PRIV ATE CREDIT: GOOD IDEA OVERDONE 
 
There is nothing wrong with private credit as a concept. Lending to productive companies by 
investors outside the banking system who understand that they are risk- takers, who accept the 
illiquidity of their positions, and who are compensated for that illiquidity with a higher yield than 
the public markets would offer, is a perfectly sensible form of capital allocation.  
 
Elliott has been a participant in private credit for decades, and we continue to believe it represents 
one of the areas where our skills and experience are most usefully deployed. The key difference, 
we believe, between Elliott’s approach in this area and the private credit vehicles now generating 
stress-related headlines is the asymmetry in risk/return profiles. Elliott spends its time and energy 
trying to identify positive asymmetrical profiles. In plain English, that means a significant 
positive differential between the investment’s expected return and its risk.  
 
This asymmetry could be generated by an “ unjustified” discount in price or a serious 
misunderstanding or market glitch. In contrast, the private credit industry is largely in the business 
of selling credit that yields a modest premium over other corporate fixed income and is expected 
to meet its coupon and maturity obligations. In other words, in the private credit world there is 
the stated yield, and there is disappointment. In Elliott ’s version, not perfect of course, there is 
upside and there is downside , but we believe we have a number of levers to generate the return 
and limit the risk: deep analytical work, trading the credits, negotiations, organizing creditor 
committees, litigation, etc.  
 
We are not opposed to private lending per se. We are skeptical when a good idea is taken too far 
– when the logic that justifies an activity at a modest scale is used to justify that same activity at 
a much larger scale, and with a set of structural innovations that would have struck its original 
practitioners as reckless. 
 
The structural vulnerability is this: P rivate credit ’s signature selling point  – its low reported 
volatility – is not necessarily a sign of safety. It is a sign that assets need not (for reasons that 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
15
puzzle us) be marked to market. These investments are marketed on the basis of their immunity 
to the volatility of public markets and the promise that investors can exit at regular intervals at a 
price set by the manager, not the market. The first time a meaningful number of investors try to 
exercise that redemption right during a period of stress, the structure could fail, not because the 
loans are bad (they may or may not be), but because the promise of liquidity for an inherently 
illiquid asset is a promise that cannot be kept. 
What happened in the 1920s offers a useful parallel. Investment trusts emerged as vehicles that 
claimed to give everyday people a stake in the kind of diversified, expert-run portfolios that had 
long been the province of the rich. These funds multiplied rapidly, often layering leverage upon 
leverage – i.e., one trust holding shares in another, which in turn held shares in a third – each 
level amplifying gains during the boom and devastating holders when conditions reversed. Shares 
routinely traded well above the underlying asset values, a gap sustained only by a continuous 
influx of buyers. Once confidence faltered, those inflated prices snapped back, and the layered 
borrowing turned an orderly retreat into a rout. Retail investors hit with margin calls were forced 
to dump holdings into a falling market, pushing prices down further still. Ironically, the people 
these products were supposed to empower – smaller, less experienced investors – ended up 
bearing the brunt of the damage and propagating the very crisis that wiped them out. 
 
A real-life test 
 
A significant portion of private credit has been extended to software companies. Some of these 
are the very companies whose business models are being disrupted by the AI-driven replacement 
of the functions they were built to perform. Default rates, which are always said to be “priced 
into yields” during the good times, have a tendency to arrive in clusters rather than in the orderly, 
diversifiable pattern that the models assume. The question is not whether some of these loans will 
go bad. The question is whether the system can absorb the losses in an orderly fashion. For it is 
a system in which the loans are originated by firms with fewer resources than the Wall Street 
underwriting desks they replaced, are held in vehicles that do not mark to market, are leveraged, 
and are sold to unsophisticated investors. The businesses backing those loans are, in many cases, 
seeing their value being eroded by a technological revolution (AI) whose pace and scope no one 
can predict. 
 
Consider that a couple of trillion dollars of private credit has been issued by a dozen or so 
companies, each of which has originated hundreds, or thousands, of loans. These loans were not 
issued by bank syndicates. They are not subject to banking regulations, nor do they have a 
governmental lender of last resort. They are said to be superior because they don’t have bank fees 
and because the issuing companies supposedly have done deep research on these borrowers and 
will jump in spiritedly in the event borrowers are stressed.  
 
However, the sheer number of such loans, the generally lower quality (than bank-issued loans), 
and the fact that knowledge about the companies resides not with a broad syndicate and a well-
staffed bank, but with a limited group of private credit issuers, creates a serious problem when 
stress arrives. Other potential lenders cannot quickly develop sufficient knowledge of the 
borrowers to step in with reasonable bids – creating a liquidity vacuum at precisely the moment 
that liquidity is needed to limit losses to the selling party. It also strikes us that the private credit 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
16 
 
issuers may be properly staffed for originating hundreds or thousands of loans, but woefully short 
of experienced employees who know what to do i f a number of borrowers  get into trouble 
simultaneously.  
 
A recent rise in stressed companies has generated  some adverse publicity and a surge  in 
redemption requests  for some private credit  vehicles. Nevertheless, the structures enable the 
issuers to limit redemptions, typically to 5% in any calendar quarter. This limit, which the global 
media has held up as a smoking gun, has in recent weeks resulted in a kind of  slow-motion run, 
in which major issuers are receiving redemption request s well  in excess of 5%. When this 
happens, “redeemers” will get a pro rata share of their request. Of course, the purpose of the cap 
is to prevent forced sales at discounted prices to generate cash. 
 
The structures were not thought out carefully (from the investors ’ perspective, at least), and if 
stress increases, the historically high level of debt and portfolio leverage may impinge on the 
ability, or desire, of other firms to step in with bids. The result could well be prices significantly 
lower than expected or “ deserved” if lenders do indeed need to sell. As 2008 demonstrated, a 
severe imbalance between supply and demand can work in both bull and  bear markets to drive 
prices to extremes. Elliott stands ready to utilize its purchasing power to take advantage of what 
should be excellent opportunities if and as this process plays out. As a reminder: All of this is 
playing out in advance of any recession. That is some kind of clue that the concerns about the 
wild bull market in everything has produced historically large excesses and fragility.  
 
ELLIOTT INVESTMENT IN FOCUS: JOHNSON CONTROLS  
 
Elliott’s engagement with Johnson Controls shows how an engaged shareholder can be the 
catalyst needed to accelerate essential transformation at underperforming industrial companies. 
Elliott built a position of more than $1 billion in Johnson Controls in early 2024, representing 
close to 3% of the company, following years of the company’s underperformance. 
 
Despite its strong position in the attractive commercial HVAC and building automation end 
markets, Johnson Controls had endured persistent operational challenges. These issues prevented 
the company from capitalizing on robust demand from datacenter construction and increasing 
energy efficiency requirements in buildings. In the year through March 2024, the company’ s 
stock had increased by only 10%, while its closest peers Lennox International (+ 99%), Trane 
Technologies (+64%) and Carrier Global (+29%) had seen meaningful share price appreciation. 
 
Elliott engaged privately with Johnson Controls ’ board and management, advocating for 
leadership refreshment and portfolio rationalization. The company was a leader in commercial 
HVAC and building automation, but it also owned numerous non-core businesses and assets that 
diluted management focus, constrained its valuation and bloated its cost structure.  
 
Our dialogue with Johnson Controls leadership was constructive. Within months, in July 2024, 
CEO George Oliver announced plans to retire after seven years in the role. The board also 
appointed Patrick Decker, the former CEO of Xylem, as a new independent director to help guide 
the transition. 
 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
17
Johnson Controls’ portfolio transformation proceeded in parallel. The company completed its $8 
billion divestiture of its residential HVAC business to Bosch in July 2024 and divested its Air 
Distribution Technologies business less than a month later. These transactions sharpened the 
company’s focus on its market-leading commercial building solutions. The company continued
to evaluate further portfolio simplification, including the potential divestiture of its ADT alarms, 
Access Control and Intrusion Detection businesses. 
Markets supported these changes: Johnson Controls shares surged 8% on the CEO succession 
announcement, and they have continued to outperform since then. In February 2025, the board 
appointed Joakim Weidemanis as CEO, a veteran operator who had led Danaher’s Diagnostics 
business through significant growth. 
 
This engagement is an example of a collaborative approach where Elliott can partner with a 
receptive leadership team and board which are willing to embrace change and act. In just a few 
months, Johnson Controls delivered the strategic and operational reset needed to restore 
competitiveness and unlock tens of billions of dollars in shareholder value. While many activist 
investments unfold over multiple years, Johnson Controls demonstrates that when management 
and shareholders align on necessary changes, value creation can accelerate meaningfully. 
 
OVERALL PORTFOLIO THOUGHTS 
It can be disorienting to manage money at times when hardly anyone visualizes the possibility of 
a crash, financial crisis or bear market. The world economy is growing; asset prices are rising; 
the people who are making the most money are the ones who are taking the most risk; and the 
cautious, the hedged and the prepared are left to explain why their returns do not match those of 
the bold. This is frequently the prevailing condition of the determined and dedicated risk manager 
during good times, and it is the condition in which Elliott has operated for most of its existence.
These letters have long been known for flights of pessimistic fancy, but that state of mind is 
actually a critical tool for survival. 
 
Serious bear markets have come along only every decade or two. In the meantime, bubbles inflate 
and collapse, fortunes mostly grow and everything depends upon what happens in the real bear 
markets – the ones that destroy careers, end the lives of investment vehicles and wipe out the 
savings of millions of investors. Moreover, no bear market unfolds in a straight line – every one 
of them is riddled with convoluted trading, false signals and opportunities for strategic error. 
 
Elliott is designed so that the first line of capital defense is the hedging of all equity and equity-
like exposure and maintaining the discipline to do this every day, in every environment. Elliott 
does not compromise its risk management even on the rare (O.K., very rare) occasions when the 
firm’s management team feels happy or confident about the environment. Elliott does not hide 
behind a benchmark other than cash. Its management has also been skeptical of concentrated 
private credit vehicles that do not mark to market, of cryptocurrencies as monetary instruments, 
of AI valuations that assume the best of all possible worlds, and of the complacency that mistakes 
a long bull market for a permanent one. Elliott is designed to protect capital in periods of extreme 
uncertainty, and to make some kind of acceptable return in all other periods. 
 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
18 
 
It is not possible to  predict when the next period of market stress will arrive, nor its shape or 
severity. But we believe Elliott is positioned  to preserve capital through such periods and 
capitalize on the opportunities they create. AI will change the fate of a huge number of companies. 
Tariffs will change the values of many others. Private credit is facing  its first real test. 
Cryptocurrencies will face their reckoning, whenever it comes. The conflict in the Middle East 
has reshaped energy markets and global alliances in ways that will take years to fully manifest. 
In all of these disruptions, there will be tremendous tumult  – and in the tumult, tremendous 
opportunity, but only for those whose capital is intact and who are built to survive the passage of 
market environments from calm to chaos without breaking.  
 
Although many investment entities use (abuse) the term “multi-strategy,” Elliott truly is a “multi-
strategy” fund. It is fortunate to have had long and profitable experience across various complex 
investment strategies, including distressed investing, event and related securities arbitrage and 
shareholder activism. This experience permits Elliott to select the strategy most suitable for the 
prevailing environment. Recently that strategy has been shareholder activism.  
 
A long (and unsolicited) essay in the March 19 issue of The Economist had this to say about 
Elliott’s shareholder activism business:  “Elliott has industrialized what until recently was an 
artisanal business: telling bosses they are wrong. ‘There’s Elliott and then there’s everyone else. 
It’s two separate industries at this point, ’ says a banker who advises companies caught in the 
fund’s sights.”  
 
The essay goes on to argue that the dominance of passive investment firms necessitates a 
correspondingly large activist presence to stand up for shareholders’ interests, and that firms like 
Elliott, with capital on the line, have the strongest incentives of any external check on corporate 
power to actually increase the value of a given enterprise.   
 
We have long believed that maximal alignment between the money managers and investors is 
extremely important. Alignment comes in a variety of forms and levels. We believe that Elliott’s 
alignment is at the highest level. Many money managers have a variety of products (which can 
be in different strategies or just different vintages) in which portfolio managers  have relatively 
small personal investments. Elliott, in contrast, has essentially one product (divided into two 
vehicles for structural reasons but managed together), and a robust “no- trading” policy means 
that many of our money managers have all or the bulk of their personal investments managed 
literally alongside Elliott’s investors. This deep alignment is important, and not universal by any 
means.  
 
Elliott has a terrific team,  and it is in the right businesses . We are designed to be  ready, with 
capital intact, to take advantage of whatever opportunities arise from this remarkably complex 
and chaotic market environment.  
 
April 28, 2026 
 
  
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
19
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking statements.  Although Elliott Investment Management L.P . believes that the 
expectations and views reflected in such statements are reasonable, such statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks 
and uncertainties which may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  Additionally, it is possible that others, 
including industry experts and applicable issuers, may disagree with such expectations, views and/or statements. Forward-
looking statements, and the expectations and views reflected therein, expressed in this Quarterly Report may change at any time, 
without notice. Prospective investors are cautioned not to invest based on these forward-looking statements. 
The share price included herein represents the net asset value per share of each of Class B shares and Class C shares, is an 
estimate only and is based on unaudited information.
 
Performance figures (which assume participation in all investments and include the reinvestment of dividends, capital gains and 
other earnings) included herein are based on unaudited information, may be subject to adjustment and are shown net of 
fees/allocations and expenses.  Results for individual accounts may vary based on, among other things, the timing of 
subscriptions/capital contributions and redemptions/withdrawals, as well as the effect of the capital surcharge thereon.  Certain 
investors, including certain insiders not subject to fees, hold different series of shares due to applicable legal, regulatory and/or 
tax considerations, and the net asset value of such series are different than the net asset value of the shares included herein.
Performance figures included herein represent returns on (i) Class A interests, from inception through December 31, 2009, and
(ii) Class B interests, from January 1, 2010 onwards.  Class A interests were the single class of interests offered from inception 
through January 1, 2010, at which time such class was re-designated as Class A.  Class A interests have generally not been 
offered to outside investors for new investments since January 1, 2010, and effective April 1, 2021, there were no outstanding 
Class A interests in the Funds (as defined below).  Class B interests were first issued to investors on January 1, 2010.  Class C 
interests were first issued to investors on January 1, 2020 and are subject to the same fee structure as Class B interests (and 
therefore have the same performance figures as Class B interests). Returns on Class B interests and Class C interests are generally 
slightly higher than returns on Class A interests due to differences in the fee structure. 
 
Effective January 1, 2010, a limit was formally imposed on the Funds’ fee structure equal to the sum of a “2.0% and 20%” 
structure for Class A interests and a “1.5% and 20%” structure for Class B interests, including a modified high water mark for 
each.  Effective January 1, 2020, the foregoing fee structure was replaced with a more typical 2.0% (for Class A) / 1.5% (for each 
of Class B and Class C) management fee and 20% incentive allocation structure, including a modified high water mark for each.  
The management fee and incentive allocation compensation structure effective January 1, 2020 would not have changed the post-
2010 performance figures included herein. 
 
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.  An investment in Elliott Associates, L.P . and/or Elliott 
International Limited (together, the “Funds”) is speculative and involves a high degree of risk.  There can be no assurances that 
the Funds will continue to have a similar return on invested capital because, among other reasons, there may be differences in 
economic and market conditions, regulatory and political climate, portfolio size, investment opportunities, expenses and 
structure.  Accordingly, when deciding to make an investment, potential investors are urged to review carefully all disclosure 
documentation, including the applicable Fund’ s confidential private offering memorandum, and consult with their counsel and 
advisers. 
 
The information and any disclosures provided in this Quarterly Report do not constitute a solicitation or offer to purchase or sell 
any interest in the Funds or in any investment opportunity sponsored, managed or advised by Elliott.  An offering of interests in 
any of the foregoing will only be made by means of a definitive confidential private offering memorandum and only in those 
jurisdictions where permitted by law.   
 
References to the S&P500 Stock Index, the Bloomberg US Aggregate Bond Index, 3-Month Treasury Bills and any other 
benchmark(s) referred to herein are for illustrative purposes only.  Any such benchmarks are included merely to show general 
trends in the markets in the periods indicated and are not intended to imply that Elliott’ s portfolios are similar to any such 
benchmarks either in composition or element of risk.  Comparisons to benchmarks have limitations because natural 
characteristics of such benchmarks, such as volatility, among other things, are likely to differ from those of Elliott.  Elliott does 
not attempt to track a benchmark and there is no guarantee that Elliott will meet or exceed any such benchmark. 
 
The benchmarks used herein, as well as the sources used to calculate such benchmarks, are subject to change and/or adjustment 
from time. 
 
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
Notes:
- ROR is the compound annual rate of return from the inception of the fund.
- EALP: Elliott Associates, L.P. (Class A, from inception through December 31, 2009, and Class B, from January 1, 2010 onwards; for additional important disclosures regarding the
  performance figures included herein, please see the IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES page above.)
- TBILL: 3-Month Treasury Bills
- S&P: S&P 500 Stock Index with Dividends Reinvested
- BOND: Bloomberg US Aggregate Bond Index
- All data through March 31, 2026
- Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results
$1.00
$2.00
$4.00
$8.00
$16.00
$32.00
$64.00
$128.00
$256.00
$512.00
Value of $1
Elliott Associates, L.P. v. Other Asset Classes
Since Inception (2/1/77)
EALP
ROR=12.7%
TBILL
ROR=4.6%
S&P
ROR=11.8%
BOND
ROR=6.4%
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
Notes:
- ROR is the compound annual rate of return from the inception of the fund.
- EIL: Elliott International Limited (Class A, from inception through December 31, 2009, and Class B, from January 1, 2010 onwards; for additional important disclosures regarding the  
  performance figures included herein, please see the IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES page above.)
- TBILL: 3-Month Treasury Bills
- S&P: S&P 500 Stock Index with Dividends Reinvested
- BOND: Bloomberg US Aggregate Bond Index
- All data through March 31, 2026
- Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results
$1.00
$2.00
$4.00
$8.00
$16.00
$32.00
Value of $1
Elliott International Limited v. Other Asset Classes
Since Inception (12/23/94)
EIL
ROR=10.9%
TBILL
ROR=2.5%
S&P
ROR=10.9%
BOND
ROR=4.6%
CONFIDENTIAL
Stewart Strawbridge
Selkirk Partners
Apr 29, 2026 1:58 PM EDT
