Please see explanatory notes at the end of the document 
1 
 
 
Endeavour Regional Bank Opportunities Fund II L.P.  
 
 April 21, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Investor, 
 
First Quarter Review 
The first quarter was an eventful period for equity markets and geopolitical conditions. Market 
participants grappled with three key “what if” scenarios during the quarter, and the resulting 
uncertainty weighed on overall stock market performance. These op en-ended questions related to 
1) the economic impact of the fast-moving AI revolution, particularly on software companies, 2) the 
future of private credit amid software  related loan fears and mounting investor redemptions, and 
3) the war in Iran and the economic implications of higher oil prices. Despite broad market volatility, 
regional bank stocks proved more resilient than the major averages and their larger bank peers. 
Endeavour Regional Bank Opportunities Fund II L.P. (“ERBOF II” or the “Fund”) generated +1.9% net 
return for the quarter, outperforming the +1.1% gain of the SPDR S&P Regional Banking ETF TR 
(“KRE”) and deliver ed +0.9% of net alpha . Regional banks are demonstrating strong fundamental 
trends and indicating positive performance expectations  while trading at attractive multiples - we 
continue to believe  the risk/reward skew is compelling.  Additionally, regional banks a ppear to be  
well-positioned as net winners from AI-driven efficiency gains and ongoing fallout in private credit.  
 
The quarter had two distinct halves for small-cap bank stocks. In the first half, the group performed 
well as capital rotated out of large cap growth and into small cap value, while large cap banks faced 
headline risk from “de -banking” concerns  and proposed credit card rate caps. During this period, 
we reduced our net exposure as we believed that the capital flow shift into our sector had become 
overdone. In the second half of the quarter, the rally in the group was largely given back  as rising 
oil prices and the Iran conflict heightened macroeconomic fears. We methodically took advantage 
of this sell-off by covering select short positions and adding to our long portfolio, thereby increasing 
our net exposure amid the weakness .   
 
Several fundamental tailwinds we have highlighted in prior letters have improved further during 
the quarter, including accelerating loan growth (per Federal Reserve data), a steeper yield curve,  
 
1The figures disclosed above represent the unrestricted net performance of Endeavour Regional Bank Opportunities Fund II L.P.  – Series C (1.75% management fee plus 15% 
performance allocation).  Individual returns for an investor admitted after inception will vary based on the timing of such individual’s capital contribution(s).  Individual 
performance results may vary for reasons including participation in New Issues and timing of capital activity.  The performance data is unaudited.  Net performance numbers are net 
of management fees, performance allocation, and expenses.   
 Jan Feb Mar Qtr 2026 
YTD 
Endeavour Regional Bank Opportunities Fund II L.P. 1 +4.0% -1.5% -0.5% +1.9% +1.9% 

    
 
Please see explanatory notes at the end of the document 
2 
 
and deregulatory proposals that could free up meaningful excess capital. Despite these tailwinds, regional banks 
are trading at near historic P/E multiple lows relative to the S&P 500.  
Private Credit   
Media headlines have relentlessly focused on the existential risk AI presents to the Software as a Service (“SaaS”) 
companies. This market fear has spread to the private credit funds which were the primary lenders to software 
businesses. As retail investors have attempted to redeem their investments, many high-profile private credit 
funds have imposed “gates” on investor  capital due to the illiquidity of their underlying investments. This 
mismatch in duration of assets and liabilities caused reputational damage to the private credit industry and brings 
into question the long-term structure and viability of these business models. This is a good reminder of renowned 
finance Professor Jeremy Siegel’s book title “Why the Tried and the True Triumphs Over the Bold and the New. ” 
The combination of novel innovation and exponential growth in the financial services industry has an undefeated 
record of eventual failure. 
What are the implications for community and regional bank stocks? From a direct exposure standpoint, the 
impact is minimal. We have conducted a thorough review of our banks’ lending to private credit funds and our 
exposure is de minimis. We have similarly s crubbed our banks’ loan portfolios for exposure to software loans , 
and again, exposure is immaterial. As a reminder, the banks in our portfolio primarily make loans to small and 
mid-sized businesses and individuals in their local markets with conservative loan structures. The true “value -
add” of smaller banks is their se at at the table with commercial and consumer clients as their trusted 
advisor/banker.   
Private credit plays an important role in the funding markets by providing alternative sources of capital when the 
underwriting criteria used by banks is too tight  for the borrower. The unprecedented demand by investors for 
yields generated by  private credit structures  drove exponential growth in both the number of funds and their 
collective assets under management. This, in turn, led to more pressure to deploy fund capital into loans and 
lower underwriting standards. Despite well-publicized fraud related bankruptcies and SaaS exposures we do not 
believe the private credit losses will have implications for broader credit quality metrics, community bank balance 
sheets or the financial system.  Instead, we believe the private credit industry will need to adjust to the new 
realities of more measured growth and discerning underwriting. Importantly, our smaller banks rarely bump up 
against private credit competitors, so market share reallocation is unlikely to benefit growth for our banks. 
However, reducing overall excess credit supply may serve to benefit credit spreads for all banks.    
As private credit funds work through the current challenges , the perceived paradigm shift of lending primacy 
from the banking system to the private market should reverse and improve investor sentiment for banks, big and 
small. Overall, we don’t see significant near -term implications for our portfolio, positive or negative, but we 
continue to observe the environment and remain nimble to adjust our positioning as events warrant. 
Excess Capital Ratios Create Optionality  
Regional and community bank capital levels are robust and near historic highs. Recent ly proposed changes to 
capital rules are expected to increase capital levels by 5.2% for mid-sized banks and 7.8% for smaller banks (WSJ). 
    
 
Please see explanatory notes at the end of the document 
3 
 
As a result, t he enviable capital position that many smaller banks  especially will  find themselves in creates 
multiple avenues for shareholder value optionality while also adding an extra cushion for downside protection .  
We believe that many banks with excess capital and cheap valuations will  be able to  take advantage of the 
opportunity to increase  share repurchases and dividend  payouts. Strong and growing earnings continue to 
improve internal capital generation and drive future accretive investments. These investments can take the form 
of organic growth initiatives and well-priced franchise-enhancing acquisition strategies. Our tech-forward banks 
are building highly efficient and scalable fixed infrastructures that should deliver step-function improvements in 
key performance metrics as excess capital is deployed through growth strategies  and improved operating 
leverage.   
M&A 
Given the macroeconomic headlines and market volatility during the quarter, M&A activity moderated slightly 
from the robust pace of the second half of 2025. We remain confident that 2026 will be a strong year for industry 
consolidation and have constructed our portfolio to benefit from merger activity in multiple ways. Outside of the 
direct benefits from banks selling to upstream partners for high premiums or announcing accretive acquisitions, 
we want to highlight a third way that many of our banks are poised to benefit from the current M&A wave.  Large 
bank mergers tend  to generate significant market disruption, creating a multi -year opportunity for well 
positioned competitors to take market share. These disruption winners possess a growth mindset, plenty of 
excess capital, and the products and culture that attract both tal ented employees and new clients alike who 
become disenfranchised from large-merger chaos.  
Outlook 
Despite the macroeconomic crosscurrents, we remain firmly conviction -driven by fundamentals, and the 
favorable underlying trends for our smaller banks. Profitability is strong and gaining momentum. Balance sheets 
are healthy and asset quality measures remain benign. As always, we stay vigilant on potential risks, managing 
them through quality -biased stock selection  and hedging strategies. We continue to avoid banks with weak 
deposit franchises and those with concentrations in lending to private credit, urba n office towers, commodity -
linked loans and the transportation industry. We believe that the majority of our banks will continue to benefit 
from net interest margin expansion, improving organic growth trends, industry consolidation, deployment of 
excess capital and bank deregulation. We remain excited about the opportunity that stems from investing in 
banks who are capitalizing on these themes at compelling and underappreciated valuations.      
Sincerely, 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Laurence M. Austin             
Portfolio Manager 
   Mitchell J. Katz 
   Portfolio Manager                                
   Jonah S. Marcus, CFA 
   Portfolio Manager 
    
 
Please see explanatory notes at the end of the document 
4 
 
Historical Performance (%)  
 
Endeavour Regional Bank Opportunities Fund II L.P.  
Inception through March 31, 2026 
Cumulative Net Performance – Series C (%) 
 
 
 
 
 
*Estimated 
The figures disclosed above represent the unrestricted net performance of Endeavour Regional Bank Opportunities Fund II L.P. – Series C (1.75% management fee plus 
15% performance allocation).  Individual returns for an investor admitted after inception wil l vary based on the timing of such individual’s capital contribution(s).  
Individual performance results may vary for reasons including participation in New Issues and timing of capital activity.  Th e performance data is unaudited.  Net 
performance numbers are net of management fees, performance allocation, and expenses. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. 
  
-20%
30%
80%
130%
180%
230%
280%
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026
ERBOF II KRE TR
295%
127%
    
 
Please see explanatory notes at the end of the document 
5 
 
Explanatory Notes 
Past performance is neither indicative nor a guarantee of future results.  Investment losses may occur and investors could lose some or all of their investment.  Net 
performance is net of management fees, expenses and incentive compensation.  Information is estimated, unaudited and subject to change without notice.  Individual 
returns for an investor will vary based on, among other things, the timing of capital contributions.  Performance and exposure will vary between funds for reasons 
including, but not limited to, participation in new issues, timing of capital activity, portfolio composition, expenses, and tax considerations. 
 
The information contained in this document is for informational purposes only, is not complete, and does not contain certain material information a b o u t the 
Endeavour Regional Bank Opportunities Fund II L.P. or any other investment fund or account managed by Endeavour Capital Advisors Inc. (the “Funds”), including 
important disclosures and risk factors associated with an investment in the Funds.  While the information contained in this document, some of which was provided 
by third parties, has been prepared in good faith, we make no representation as to its accuracy and correctness.  The information in the document does not take 
into consideration any investment objectives or financial circumstances of any particular person who may receive it. 
 
Nothing in the document shall be deemed to constitute tax, financial, investment, or legal advice to any party.  An investment in the Funds is suitable only for those 
investors who are financially sophisticated, meet eligibility requirements, do not have a need for immediate liquidity of their investment, and can bear the risk of an 
investment in the Funds over a long-term horizon.  Before making an investment decision with respect to any of the Funds described herein potential investors are 
advised to read carefully the private offering memorandum and other fund documents provided, including the description of the risks, fees, expenses, liquidity restrictions, 
and other terms of investing in the funds, and to consult with their tax and financial advisors, legal counsel, and other professional advisors. Information in this 
document is unaudited and is subject to revision without notice.  Any revision could have a material impact on the reported performance and/or exposure data. 
 
By acquiring an interest in the partnership, an investor acknowledges and agrees that (i) any information provided by the Partnership, Endeavour Capital Management, 
LLC (the “General Partner”), Endeavour Capital Advisors Inc. (the “Investment Advisor”) or any of their affiliates (including information set forth in this communication) 
is not a recommendation to invest in the Partnership, and none of the Partnership, the General Partner,  the Investment Advisor or any of their affiliates is undertaking 
to provide any investment advice (impartial or otherwise), or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with an investment in any Partnership, and, 
accordingly, no part of any compensation received by the General   Partner, the Investment Advisor or any of their affiliates is for the provision of investment advice 
to the investor, and (ii) the General Partner, the investment advisor and their affiliates have a financial interest in the investor’s investment in the Partnership on 
account of the fees and other  compensation they expect to receive from the partnership,  as disclosed in any documents governing the Partnership. 
 
The figures disclosed represent the unrestricted net performance of Endeavour Regional Bank Opportunities Fund II L.P, Series C.  Individual returns for an investor 
admitted after inception will vary based on the timing of such individual’s capital contribution(s) and share class.  Individual performance results may vary for reasons 
including participation in New Issues and timing of capital activity.  For the Class C series, net performance is net of all fees and expenses, including a 1.75% 
management fee and a 15% performance allocation.  During the first quarter of 2014, the Investment Advisor agreed to reimburse the Fund for fund expenses such that 
the annualized expense ratio borne by investors in the Fund did not exceed 40 basis points (0.40%) of the net asset value of the Fund.  Such expense reimbursement 
was effected through a reduction in the management fee otherwise payable by limited partners of the Fund.  Performance figures reflect this expense 
reimbursement.  Performance also reflects the gains or losses from New Issues, as applicable.  Individual performance results may vary.  Annualized volatility is measured 
as standard deviation. 
 
The information regarding the SPDR S&P Regional Bank ETF (KRE) is shown as total return (including dividend reinvestment) and is included merely to show the general 
trend in the equity markets in the periods indicated and is not intended to imply that the portfolio was similar to any index or ETF either in composition or element of 
risk.  No representation is made that these are appropriate standards for comparison to the fund’s performance nor is any assurance given as to the accuracy of such 
information.  The funds do not necessarily invest in any specific investments that comprise any index or ETF.  Returns for the KRE are presented excluding transaction 
costs and dividend reinvestments.  The SPDR S&P Regional Banking ETF is an exchange -traded fund incorporated in the USA and is designed to replicate as closely as 
possible the performance of the S&P Regional Banks Select Industry Index, an equal-weighted index.   
 
The S&P 500 is widely regarded as the best single gauge of large cap U.S. equities. The index includes 500 leading companies and covers approximately 80% of available 
market capitalization. 
 
The volatilities of any comparative indices included may be materially different from the individual performance attained by a specific investor in the funds. The indices 
have not been selected to represent an appropriate benchmark to compare an investor’s  performance but rather are disclosed to allow for comparison to the 
performances of certain well-known and widely recognized indices. The indices are unmanaged, include reinvestment of dividends, capital gain distributions or other 
earnings and do not reflect any fees or expenses. Indices cannot be invested in directly. 
 
Alpha = (Net Portfolio Return C Class - Beta Return Unit P&L) – Beta Return Unit 
Beta Return Unit = (Beta Return – Prior Day Net exposure) * (SPDR S&P Regional Banking ETF Total Return) 
Beta Return = (Delta Adjusted Net Exposure (prior day)) * SPDR S&P Regional Banking Total ETF Return 
 
Hedge funds are speculative and involve risk of loss.  Past performance is not a guarantee of future results.  No assurance can be made that profits will be achieved, 
or material losses will not be incurred.  No guarantee or representation has been made that the Funds’ investment objectives, risk management/monitoring strategies, 
research processes, and opportunities will be successful and results could vary materially.  No representation has been made to imply the Funds’ investment strategy 
is without risk, considered safe, or conservative.  For a complete explanation of the risks involved with making an investment, please refer to the relevant Fund’s offering 
memorandum before making any investment decision.  Key risks include concentration of investments in the banking or financial services sectors; increased exposure to 
risks of the banking or financial services sectors; and use of leverage, derivatives, or short sales. Endeavour may cause Clients to borrow money from banks and other entities, 
including borrowing money through margin facilities at one or more broker/dealers.  To the extent that Endeavour uses leverage, any decrease or increase in the value of a 
portfolio will tend to be at a greater rate than if borrowed money was not used.  Changes in the general level of interest rates may also adversely affect investment results. 
 
    
 
Please see explanatory notes at the end of the document 
6 
 
This document does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy interests in any of the funds described herein.  No such offer or solicitation will be 
made prior to the delivery of an offering memorandum and other materials relating to the matters mentioned herein.  
 
This document contains "forward-looking statements" which include, but are not limited to, statements identified by words such as "will likely result," "are 
expected to," "anticipate," "believe," "plan," "estimate," "intend," "will," "should," "may," “expect,” “continue,” “project,” or words of similar meaning.  Actual results may 
differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 
 
This document is being provided to you on a confidential basis solely to assist you in deciding whether or not to proceed with a further investigation of Endeavour Capital 
Advisors Inc. and the funds described herein.  Accordingly, this document may not be reproduced in whole or in part, and may not be delivered to any person, without the 
prior written consent of Endeavour Capital Advisors Inc. Endeavour Capital Advisors, Inc. does not have an obligation to update actual events, circumstances, or changes in 
expectations after the date of this document. 
 
CFA® is a registered trademark owned by CFA Institute
