CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  Page 1 of 8  
   Contact: Alexis Basalyga 
alexis@englecap.com 
(212) 601-5598 
66 Field Point Road, 2nd Floor 
          Greenwich, CT 06830  
 
Q1 2026 Quarterly Letter 
May 1, 2026 
 
 
Dear Partner, 
 
Review of Results and Exposure 
 
 
 Engle1 
Russell  
20002  
S&P 
 5002 
Q1 2026  1.4% 0.9% (4.4%) 
YTD 2026  1.4% 0.9% (4.4%) 
CAGR Since Inception (June 2015)  9.3% 8.1% 12.9% 
Avg Net Exposure Since Inception  42.4%   
 
For Q1 2026, Engle investors gained 1.4%. 
• Longs: Our largest positive contributors were Comfort Systems (FIX), Legence (LGN), and Siemens 
Energy (ENR GY ), and our largest detractors were  Compass (COMP), Fermi (FRMI), and Talen 
Energy (TLN). 
• Shorts: Our largest positive contributors were efficient hedges and a digital advertising company, 
and our largest detractors were a government software company, an alternative asset manager, 
and a fast-casual restaurant.    
 
We ended the quarter with delta adjusted gross long exposure of 87.2%, delta adjusted gross short 
exposure of (46.0%), and delta adjusted net exposure of 41.1%.   
 
Thoughts and Observations 
While the first quarter was marked by volatility across our portfolio and broader equity markets, we were 
pleased with our overall performance.  January and February were strong, followed by a drawdown in 
March, which we viewed as both manageable and constructive.  Importantly, performance rebounded 
sharply in April and Engle is up ~17% net year-to-date through April 30th.   
 
Over the past several quarters, we have deliberately increased gross long exposure, with a particular focus 
on areas where AI adoption is driving structural  growth.  Our approach has been to bypass the most 
crowded segments of this investment theme — namely, the well-known semiconductor companies — and 
instead concentrate on what we view as underappreciated “picks -and-shovels” beneficiaries.  These 
 
1 The returns for Engle Capital Master Fund, Ltd. are shown net of Standard Series C fees (1.25% management fee and 15% 
performance allocation) and expenses, to a non-restricted investor who has been invested in the Partnership since inception on 
June 1, 2015. 
2 The returns for the Russell 2000 and S&P 500 are shown with dividends reinvested. 

 
CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  Page 2 of 8  
include companies enabling the physical deployment of AI, such as HPC (high-performance compute) data 
center developers and MEP (mechanical, electrical, and plumbing) contractors, as well as other industrial 
businesses that stand to benefit from the increasing energy intensity of AI workloads.  Across these layers 
of the ecosystem, we believe the market continues to underestimate both the magnitude and durability 
of the opportunity. 
 
The volatility experienced in March, exacerbated by geopolitical uncertainty, created a more favorable 
opportunity set, and we used the drawdown to add selectively to several of our highest -conviction long 
positions.  At the same time, our short book performed well, generating positive P&L in each month of 
the quarter.  Our short positioning remains focused on areas where we see structural headwinds, 
including (i) businesses (outside of software ) vulnerable to AI -driven disruption, (ii) food and alcohol 
companies experiencing volume weakness due to GLP -1 drugs and healthier habits, (iii) companies 
attempting to slim headcount into weakening demand environments, and (iv) software companies 
impacted by our “Curse of Cursor” investment theme, where AI displacement risk is highest.   
 
More broadly, we continue to observe significant dispersion across equities, which we believe is a key 
ingredient for successful fundamental long/short investing.  In our view, this backdrop, combined with 
the pace of technological change, is a great setup for our investing style and we believe we are well 
positioned. 
 
New Position – Q1 2026  
TeraWulf (WULF) – Long 
 
TeraWulf, Inc. (herein referred to as “WULF” or the “Company”) is a leading developer and owner of high-
performance compute (HPC) data center s (i.e., it builds data centers for customers to support their AI 
compute needs).  But that’s not how its story started.  The original business plan was to monetize the 
expertise and assets of founder Paul Prager and his team  at Beowulf Energy, which together have 20+ 
years of experience building, owning, and redeveloping power assets.  In 2021, WULF went public as a 
Bitcoin miner to monetize Beowulf’s land, grid access, and energy infrastructure.  But in 2022, after Bitcoin 
prices fell , t he limitations of the mining model became clear  – volatile revenues, unpredictable 
profitability, and high capex, among others.   
 
In 2023, following the launch of ChatGPT, excitement about AI and high-performance compute began to 
take off, and Paul and WULF recognized the opportunity to reposition the assets in a new way to power 
GPU-centric data centers.  By 2024, the transition became explicit and the Company shifted its focus to 
leasing power capacity rather than owning compute , and it began signing long -term infrastructure 
contracts.  Over the course of 2025, WULF finalized reference designs, established relationships with new 
customers, simplified its corporate structure, and raised capital to strengthen its balance sheet. 
 
Today, Bitcoin mining is a tiny and declining part of the business, and the Company’s mission is to “deliver 
scalable digital infrastructure that enables the next generation of AI and high -performance computing.” 
Three leases have been signed to date, and when the projects are completed in the next 12 to 18 months, 
we estimate the Company will generate as much NOI (net operating income) as a top 20 publicly traded 
REIT.  WULF’s market cap is currently ~$16 billion, but we estimate each new 300MW (megawatts) project 
would add an additional $6 billion of equity value, and it has a conservatively stated land bank with access 
to 1,300MW of available power.   We believe the Company’s transformation has been profound and its 
opportunity for further growth is open-ended.   
 
 
CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  Page 3 of 8  
Our investment in WULF reminds us of our experience investing in the wireless tower companies, 
American Tower Corporation (AMT) and Crown Castle (CCI), around 20 years ago.  These companies built 
and acquired local towers and then leased space to wireless companies , such as AT&T and Verizon, for 
their network equipment.  They were Type 2 businesses that needed to spend capital to grow, but they 
were amazing, high margin, monopolistic businesses that became free cash flow compounding machines, 
and the market rewarded them with high valuations.  Eventually, demand for towers decelerated and we 
moved on, but that was after many years of strong performance.  From 2003 to 2015, the share prices of 
AMT and CCI compounded at ~21% and ~19%, respectively, compared to ~7% for the S&P 500.  At Engle, 
we have been actively searching for our next high quality, growing, and strongly cash flow generative 
infrastructure businesses, and with WULF and other HPC developers, we believe we have found them.   
 
While history does not repeat, it often rhymes and we think there are parallels between the tower REITs 
and HPC data center developers.  First, the underlying demand drivers for both are strong and structural.  
Tower companies benefited from the growth in wireless voice and data usage, while HPC developers are 
benefiting from the growth in AI usage.  Second, they both sit at the infrastructure layer underneath 
demand, rather than competing in it.  Third, power and location are the real assets for both.  Towers win 
because of their location and zoning scarcity, while HPC sites win because of their access to power and 
zoning scarcity.  And neither can be built anywhere due to “not in my backyard” or “NIMBY” activism.  
Fourth, once built, they last a very long time with minimal required maintenance capex by the landlord.  
Fifth, t he equipment deployed on both towers and in HPC data centers is mission critical to their 
customers’ businesses.  Sixth, both sets of customers face constraints, making outsourcing favorable and 
repeatable.  AT&T and Verizon had limited capital budgets and hyperscalers face power scarcity, at the 
same time customer demand is growing.  Seventh , both generate recurring and high margin revenue by 
contracting long-term leases with high-quality, blue-chip customers. 
 
Eventually, HPC supply and demand will normalize just like they did for the wireless tower industry, but 
we believe many investors either do not understand or they simply underestimate how much value WULF 
and competitors can create for equity holders, just like many investors underestimated the compounding 
potential tower companies offered two decades ago. 
 
Our investment thesis on WULF is as follows: (i) it is benefitting from a n investment theme called “Time 
to Power,” (ii) its three announced contracts were signed at attractive unit economics with ~550MW of 
leases expected to generate ~$750 million of annual NOI, (iii) we think the stock is worth $14-18 per share 
based on the three signed contracts alone plus another $9-12 from a contract in Kentucky we expect to 
be signed shortly , and (iv) we believe the management team is best -in-class and has substantial  
experience building power generation assets and other energy infrastructure, positioning the Company 
to become a trusted repeat developer for HPC customers.  
 
First, our “Time to Power” investment theme.  O ver the past two decades, technological progress has 
been largely driven by software, which is scalable, asset-light, and capital efficient.  However, AI breaks 
that model.  We think t he next phase of computing will be constrained not by code, but by physical 
infrastructure (i.e., data centers, cooling systems, and most importantly, electricity ).  GPUs cannot be 
deployed without data centers, and data centers cannot exist without access to large, reliable power.  In 
our opinion, a key bottleneck in AI is energy. 
 
This shift has redefined what matters.  In the past, speed was defined by time to market.  Today, speed is 
defined by time to power.  Hyperscalers are not constrained by capital, but by how quickly they can secure 
100-300MW or more of energized capacity, interconnect to the grid, and bring that capacity online .  
 
CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  Page 4 of 8  
However, AI demand is compounding rapidly, while power supply and grid interconnections remain slow, 
regulated, and scarce.  The result is a structural imbalance that we believe will persist for years and is still 
underappreciated by the market.  Thus, the ability to generate and deliver power quickly is the primary 
bottleneck that needs to be solved. 
 
WULF’s current positioning is  the result of decisions made several years ago, during a period when 
environmental policy impacted brownfield assets and power generation was abundant and underutilized.  
At the time, these assets were messy, but today they represent something far more valuable: connected, 
energized land.  In an environment where new interconnections can take years, we believe this is a 
decisive advantage.  
 
Second, t he Company’s business model is straightforward , powerful , and relatively low risk  after 
construction.  We estimate the all-in capital cost of a 500 MW AI data center is ~$17.5 billion, which can 
be broken into four general buckets: (i) ~$1.25 billion to build new power-generating plants, (ii) ~$1 billion 
to build a “cold” data center shell, (iii) ~$4 billion on mechanical, electrical, and plumbing (MEP) work to 
power the shell, and (iv) ~$11.25 billion to buy GPUs and related hardware.  Regarding (i), utilities typically 
build power plants with an estimated 25+ year useful life and sell power at an hourly wholesale rate.  
WULF management has built and owned plants in the past, and may in the future, but they currently do 
not participate in this part.  Rather, WULF spends on (ii) and (iii) , namely the cold shell and MEP work, 
both of which have long useful lives of 20 to 40 years.  On (iv), most of the dollars spent buying the chips 
and other hardware are borne by the hyperscale tenants.  There is much debate about the useful life of 
GPUs, but most estimate 5  to 6 years, meaning they must continually be replaced .  This is not an area 
where the Company participates.      
 
WULF is building durable, long-lived assets with minimal technological risk, and monetizing them through 
long-term agreements with strong, high-quality counterparties.  That combination creates exactly the kind 
of business we are drawn to – one with high visibility,  recurring revenue, steady growth, and attractive 
margins.  Each deal is unique , but over the last 6 -9 months, we have seen general deal terms converge 
around the following: 
 
• 10-15 year initial lease term with multiple 5-year renewal options 
• Capex at $8-12 million per MW 
• NOI yield-to-cost of low to mid-teens (e.g., unlevered returns) 
• Loan-to-cost of 80%+ with debt priced at attractive rates, as hyperscalers have been willing to 
provide a credit guarantee wrapper 
 
The underlying unit economics are compelling.  Effectively, HPC data centers (excluding chips and power 
plants) are being constructed at ~$10 million per megawatt but can be valued at $20 + million per 
megawatt under a stabilized framework  (i.e., once the construction is completed and the customer is 
paying), while requiring relatively modest equity contributions from the developer of just 10-20% of the 
total capital investment.  The result is highly attractive, greater than 10x levered equity returns on long-
duration contracted assets.  Beyond the economics of the lease (shown above), a key driver of the value 
creation is our belief that the lease NOI streams will be valued at a 5 -6% cap rate, roughly in -line with 
where data center REITs, like Equinix (EQIX) and Digital Realty Trust (DLR), and hyperscaler debt securities 
of similar tenure trade (because of their similar risk profiles). 
 
 
CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  Page 5 of 8  
Third, we believe WULF’s three already executed long-term leases create a margin of safety and a floor 
for the stock.  In December 2024, the Company announced its first HPC contract with Core42 (a subsidiary 
of G24, a leading Middle East AI company).  In the second half of 2025, WULF signed two different 
contracts with Fluidstack and Google, with Google acting as the investment grade credit backstop, which 
has been validated by the credit community as an acceptable structure when raising project debt.  Across 
these three contracts, we expect WULF will spend ~$4.7 billion of capex to supply ~550MW of Critical IT 
and generate ~$750M of annual NOI, for a yield to cost of ~1 6%.  Assuming this NOI is valued at a 5 -6% 
cap rate, which is a discount to Equinix and other data center REITs, we estimate WULF is worth $14-18 
per share from these three contracts alone, compared to the current stock price of ~$21.  
 
Further, we expect WULF to sign a fourth HPC contract at a recently acquired brownfield site in Kentucky 
with 384MW of Critical IT  in the next few months.  Assuming similar unit economics, we estimate this 
contract to be worth $9-12 per share to WULF’s stock price.  Taken together, these four contracts add up 
to just over 900MW of power, representing ~$8.7 billion of capital investment , ~$1.3 billion of annual 
NOI, and a potential $23-30 stock price.  
 
Fourth, we believe the opportunity is bigger than just a handful of contracts.  WULF has a stated goal of 
developing 300MW to 500MW of projects each year and a current stated land bank of 1.3GW of power, 
excluding the Kentucky project referenced above.  And demand remains strong as h yperscalers are 
signaling power needs that exceed anything the industry has previously experienced, with capacity 
additions measured in tens of gigawatts over the coming years.   
 
We believe WULF will become a repeat developer of AI infrastructure at scale.   AI data centers are not 
traditional real estate; they are industrial energy systems that require expertise in power procurement, 
grid interconnection, engineering, and regulatory navigation, which are not easily replicated capabilities, 
and WULF’s management team brings decades of experience in power development , especially in 
complicated brownfield situations.  In our opinion, land development and power generation are distinct 
core competencies of this company , and the management team and their background represent 
meaningful competitive advantages. 
 
And we are already seeing early evidence.  In at least one instance, a development partner sourced a site 
independently and subsequently brought WULF into the project, providing both equity participation and 
exclusivity on future developments.  This type of inbound opportunity suggests the Company is beginning 
to be viewed not simply as a landowner, but as a trusted development partner. 
 
Summing it all up, despite all the progress made to date, we believe the Company remains misunderstood 
and is still viewed by the market as a Bitcoin miner and/or speculative AI transition story.  Our Base Case 
assumes WULF will grow  its leased portfolio from approximately 550MW (based on the three signed 
leases) to 1.5GW over the next five years , generate ~$2 billion of NOI , and support a valuation of ~$40 
per share at a 5% cap rate.  Our Bull Case contemplates a portfolio approaching 2.5GW, generating 
approximately $3.5 billion of NOI, and supporting a valuation of ~$70 per share.   
 
In our opinion, while the AI narrative has largely focused on LLMs, chips, and applications, we believe the 
more durable opportunity lies beneath the surface, in the infrastructure that makes those layers possible.  
There is no AI without compute, no compute without data centers, and no data centers without power.  
WULF sits at that final constraint, and in a system defined by bottlenecks, the owners of the bottleneck 
tend to capture the most value.  As such, WULF is currently our largest position. 
 
 
CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  Page 6 of 8  
What are the key business risks we are monitoring? 
• Execution risk: While the lease contracts signed are firm and do not allow tenants to terminate, 
WULF must still deliver its data centers on time and on budget.  To date, the Company has 
remained on track, with long-lead items largely secured; however, delays or cost overruns during 
construction could result in adverse financial outcomes. 
• Capital markets dependence: As with other real estate development projects, equity returns for 
HPC data center developments are partially dependent on access to attractive project financing, 
as well as the ability to refinance at favorable rates once assets reach stabilization.  Returns could 
be negatively impacted if capital markets become less supportive. 
• Local pushback to data center development: Certain U.S. communities have increasingly resisted 
data center development (“NIMBY” or “ not in my backyard” dynamics).  Such opposition could 
limit the feasibility or timing of certain WULF development sites.  
• Concentrated asset base : Given the scale of WULF’s projects, both in upfront investment and 
ultimate value, WULF is likely to have a highly concentrated asset base, with individual sites 
representing multiple billions of dollars in enterprise value.  
• Concentrated customer base : The number of prospective tenants for WULF ’s projects is fairly 
limited, largely consisting of hyperscalers and a small number of large counterparties, resulting in 
customer concentration risk. 
• Higher inflation and interest rate environment : A higher inflation and interest rate environment 
could negatively impact the Company by increasing its cost of capital and compressing valuation 
multiples.  While contracts include modest annual escalators, these are generally not tied to 
inflation.  
• Risk of management self-dealing: The Company has engaged in certain related-party transactions 
that have benefited insiders, particularly the CEO, while also aligning incentives with 
shareholders.  For example, WULF acquired 100% of Beowulf  E&D on May 27, 2025 for $52.4 
million plus contingent consideration, largely paid in stock at a significantly lower valuation than 
current levels.  Additionally, on August 12, 2025, the Company entered into an 80 -year prepaid 
lease at its Cayuga site with an entity affiliated with the CEO, also primarily compensated in stock.  
While these transactions appear to have been favorable to shareholders to date, future related -
party dealings may not be.   
 
New Position – Q1 2026 
Below is an abbreviated write-up of a recently initiated position.   
 
Cardinal Infrastructure Group (CDNL) 
Founded in 2013 in Raleigh, North Carolina by current CEO Jeremy Spivey, Cardinal Infrastructure Group 
is a ~$2 billion market cap, vertically integrated site development contractor providing surveying, drilling, 
blasting, grading, underground utilities, and paving services across North Carolina and Georgia.  The 
company went public in December 2025 at $21 per share and is currently trading at ~$ 53.  Key 
differentiators for CDNL are its specialty wet utility work —water, sewer, and stormwater —which 
accounts for ~60% of revenue , and its vertically integrated model, which reduces reliance on 
subcontractors and enabl es faster project timelines, lower overall costs, reduced execution risk, and 
consistently strong high-teens EBITDA margins.   
 
Residential housing currently represents ~67% of revenue, though CDNL has been steadily diversifying 
into commercial and municipal end markets , and management expects this concentration to fall below 
60% by 2026 , as t he Company’s footprint in attractive onshoring markets such as Raleigh, Charlotte, 
 
CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  Page 7 of 8  
Greensboro, and Atlanta positions it well to capture increasing commercial demand, including data 
center-related work.  Notably, CDNL recently secured its first data center project, which we view as an 
important milestone and a potential catalyst for additional wins. 
 
When entering a new market, CDNL  starts by acquiring a local wet utility contractor, then vertically 
integrates across site development services, and then uses its residential customer references to expand 
into commercial and state DOT (Department of Transportation) work.  This was the playbook in its first 
market, Raleigh, where the company successfully expanded its residential market share from zero in 2013 
to ~50% today.  Acquisition multiples have historically been in the 3-4x EBITDA range for tuck-ins and 5-
6x for larger, platform deals , and CDNL recently paid ~$246 million or ~ 5x EBITDA for A.L. Grading 
Contractors (ALGC), a top residential site developer in Atlanta with consistent growth and strong 26% 
EBITDA margins.  We estimate this deal was 30%+ accretive to our already higher-than-Street 2026 EPS 
estimate, and it expanded the Company into a new state.  We expect CDNL to replicate its Raleigh 
playbook in Atlanta, leveraging its vertical integration to expand into higher -value commercial projects.  
More broadly, we see a significant opportunity for CDNL to extend this model across other Southeastern 
markets through a combination of disciplined M&A and organic expansion.   
 
The Company’s track record over the past five years is impressive: six acquisitions, ~45% revenue CAGR 
(~31% organic), and EBITDA margin expansion from 15% to 18%.   Looking forward, we believe its highly 
incentivized, founder -led management team, with greater than 50% stock ownership, will execute a 
similar strategy and strongly grow the business.  In our opinion, consensus estimates significantly 
understate the Company’s growth potential  and ALGC accretion , and the stock trades at a meaningful 
discount to peers due to its higher residential exposure, geographic concentration, and smaller market 
capitalization.  As CDNL continues to diversify its end markets and geographic footprint, we see a clear 
path for this valuation gap to narrow.  Additionally, continued success in securing data center -related 
work represents meaningful upside optionality to earnings and valuation. 
 
The Engle Partnership 
Last week, Alexis completed her 6th career marathon in London.  We are all very proud of her personal 
achievement.  Although at Engle we sometimes sprint through opportunities and situations, we continue 
to view our investment objectives to (i) generate high absolute returns, (ii) preserve capital , and (iii) 
maximize the repeatability of our returns over many years, as our marathon. 
 
A friend of the firm recently ran his first ever marathon , and notably, he relied entirely on AI to develop 
his training schedule.   Like him, every day at Engle we are finding new AI use cases that aid in our research 
process and add value, and we expect most of you feel the same way in your professional and personal 
lives.  We remain excited to reflect these insights into our portfolio, our process, and our future. 
 
As always, thank you for your investment in Engle.  We deeply appreciate your support and feel honored 
to manage your capital. 
 
Sincerely, 
 
Engle Capital Management 
 
CONFIDENTIAL - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  Page 8 of 8  
Important Disclosures 
 
Engle Capital Management, L.P. (the “Investment Manager”) carries out its investment strategy through Engle Capital Master 
Fund, Ltd. (the “Master Fund”), a Cayman Islands exempted company that is the master fund in a master/feeder fund structure 
that includes Engle Capital Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the “Partnership”), and Engle Capital Partners Offshore, 
Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the “Offshore Fund”, and together with the Partnership and the Master Fund the 
“Engle Funds”).     
 
This report is intended exclusively for the person to whom it has been delivered by the Investment Manager and is not to be 
reproduced or redistributed to any other person.  This document shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an  offer 
to purchase an interest in any fund.  Any such offer may only be made pursuant to the private placement memorandum for the 
relevant fund, which should be reviewed carefully by any prospective investor.   
 
Past performance may not be indicative of future results.  Hedge funds are speculative and involve risk of loss. 
 
Net performance represents the returns, net of all Standard Series C fees (1.25% management fee and 15% performance 
allocation) and expenses.  Net performance for C is shown for a non-restricted investor who has been invested in the Partnership 
since inception on June 1, 2015.  Actual net performance for an individual investor may differ from net performance shown based 
on a variety of factors, including but not limited to timing of capital contributions and withdrawals, participation in new i ssues 
and level of fees.  All returns are unaudited and may be subject to adjustment.   
 
Exposures are delta -adjusted as of the end of the period presented.  Long and short exposures are generally calculated on an 
aggregate net basis where long and short positions are netted by issuer and then categorized as long or short on that net basis.   
 
Net Return is shown compared to the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index (the “S&P 500”) and the Russell 2000 Index (the “Russell 
2000”) assuming dividends are reinvested.  The S&P 500 is a market capitalization -weighted index of 500 of the largest publicly 
traded companies in the US.  The Russell 2000 Index is a market capitalization-weighted index measuring the performance of the 
smallest 2000 stocks in the Russell 3000 Index.  These indices are being shown for illustrative purposes to show the general trend 
of the stock market during the periods indicated.   Such benchmarks, however, have limitations when used for comparison or 
other purposes because they may have volatility, credit, or other material characteristics that are different from those of t he 
Master Fund, and they do not reflect the Master Fund’s strategy. 
 
The specific discrete investment names presented herein should not be considered a recommendation to purchase or sell any 
particular security. They are presented solely for informational purposes. It should not be assumed that any of the investmen ts 
included in this report have been or will be profitable, or that a recommendation made in the future will be profitable or will 
equal the investment performance of the investments included herein. 
 
This document is for informational purposes only and not to be relied upon as investment, legal, tax or financial advice.  A 
prospective investor should consult with his or her independent professional advisors as to the legal, tax, financial or othe r 
matters relevant to the suitability of an investment in the Engle Funds.  Historical performance information depicted herein is 
not indicative of future performance, and actual events or conditions may not be consistent with, and may differ materially from, 
those depicted.  
 
Performance and exposure figures may be estimated, unaudited and subject to change, may not appear to foot due to rounding, 
and may be based off of internal books and records.  While all the information prepared in this document is believed to be 
accurate, the Investment Manager makes no express warranty as to the completeness or accuracy, nor can it accept responsibility 
for errors appearing in this document.  
 
The information provided in these materials contain “forward -looking” information that is not purely historical in nature.  Such 
information may include, among other things, projections, forecasts or estimates of cash  flows, yields, or returns, scenario 
analyses and proposed or expected portfolio composition.   The forward-looking information contained herein is based upon 
certain assumptions about future events or conditions and is intended only to illustrate hypothetical results und er those 
assumptions (not all of which will be specified herein).  Actual events or conditions are unlikely to be consistent with, and may 
differ materially from, those assumed.  In addition, not all relevant events or conditions may have been considered in developing 
such assumptions.  Accordingly, actual results will vary, and the variations may be material.   Investors should understand such 
assumptions and evaluate whether they are appropriate for their purposes.
