1 
 
June 5, 2026 
 
Letter Outline  
 
• Q1-2026 – Performance Overview 
• Long Idea Review 
o Sotera Health – 8.3% position, page 2 
o Haypp – 7.7% position, page 5  
o Rightmove – 7.6% position, page 9  
o Apollo Global – 5.7% position, page 11  
o Inspire Medical and RxSight, previous core positions, page 13  
• Short Idea Review 
o Vestis – 2.8% average position size in Q1-2026, page 14 
o Walmart – 4.0% average position size in Q1-2026, page 15  
• Long Portfolio Process Improvements & New Idea Review 
o ImmuCell – 4.2% position, page 18 
o Entravision – 2.2% position, page 19 
o Vistance – 3.2% position, page 19 
 
Q1-2026 – Performance Overview 
In the first quarter of 2026, the Partnership returned -8.8% net of all relevant fees and expenses compared to a -4.4% 
return for the S&P 500. Since its inception on September 1, 2022, the Partnership has returned +151.0% net 
compared to a +71.2% return for the S&P 500.  
 
This was a disappointing quarter for Fontaine. We want to protect our investors’ capital in downturns, and we did not 
deliver on that front this quarter. The cause was particularly poor stock picking. Alpha was negative in both the long 
and the short portfolio, shown below. Longs delivered a -8.2% return, 3.8 pts below the S&P 500. Shorts declined 
4.1%, failing to match the S&P 500’s decline by 0.3 pts.  
 
Exhibit: Q1-2026, Long ROIC and Short ROIC vs S&P 500  
 
 
 
There were numerous drivers of our poor long performance. A few particularly significant areas of underperformance 
are noted below:  
• Several core longs, including Sotera Health, Apollo Global, and CTT Systems. 
• Companies exposed to the nicotine pouch industry. Both Haypp and Turning Point Brands sold off as 
concerns grew around the regulatory outlook and competitive environment. 

 
2 
 
• Companies perceived to be threatened by AI progress, including Rightmove and Duolingo.  
• Smaller non-core positions, with particularly significant impacts from our exposure to small cap medical 
device companies Inspire and RxSight. 
 
With our core positions, we have generally added to the positions. For some positions, the near term business 
environment is admittedly worse than our expectations, but the long term potential remains attractive. With the share 
price declines, we believe the opportunities are now more asymmetric and we have added accordingly.  
With the nicotine pouch exposure, the initial newsflow on the US regulatory dynamics was concerning, causing us to 
partially trim our positions in Haypp and Turning Point Brands. However, it is a dynamic market, and only two 
weeks later, the regulatory trajectory flipped into a situation we believe is extremely favorable. We have increased 
our positions given the potential for significant acceleration in the category.  
With companies threatened by AI progress, we recognize that we were far too early in entering some of these 
positions, without properly considering the downside risks if AI progress accelerated. We have shifted exposure to 
our highest conviction positions where we estimate a low risk of permanent impairment from technological 
obsolescence/substitution. We generally prefer consumer facing companies as opposed to enterprise facing 
companies like software companies and consultancies, as we believe there will be greater inertia among consumers as 
opposed to profit seeking corporations.  
 
With the smaller non-core positions, we have reduced position sizes and shifted long exposure to positions with 
lower probability downside scenarios.  
 
Our poor short performance was driven by strong share price performance among:  
• Lower growth, richly valued companies, including Vestis and Walmart,  
• Select junk names we retained, including PlugPower and Rackspace,  
• Companies that benefited from corporate actions, including SunOpta which was acquired at a material 
premium and Gold.com which received a strategic investment from stablecoin operator Tether,  
 
Additional long and short attribution analysis is included in Appendices A and B.  
We recognize our stock picking needs to improve, and we discuss some of our efforts to improve the quality of the 
long portfolio toward the end of the letter.  
Long Idea Review  
Sotera Health – Current 8.3% position, 133 bps P&L headwind in Q1-2026  
Sotera (“SHC”) was our largest individual headwind in the quarter, detracting -133 bps as it declined -19%. The 
selloff came on minimal newsflow for SHC specifically. Healthcare stocks in general were very weak across the 
board, dramatically underperforming the S&P 500. For example, the IHI ETF, an ETF intended to track US medical 
device companies, declined -14%.   
As a brief reminder, SHC is a healthcare services company. The most important business segment, Sterigenics, owns 
a network of 48 sterilization facilities. These facilities sterilize medical devices and supplies before they are shipped 
to healthcare facilities like hospitals for use. On the demand side, it is a structurally growing industry tied to overall 
patient and medical device volumes. On the supply side, Sterigenics and peer Steris form a duopoly, controlling 
60+% of industry capacity with substantial barriers to entry in the form of scale, network density, switching costs, 
and reputation. For more information on SHC, please refer to our more detailed discussions in the Q4-2023, Q2-2024 
and Q1-2025 letters. 
We increased our exposure to SHC throughout the quarter, and it is now our largest position at >8%.  
SHC has delivered solid operational performance during our period of ownership. Over the last nearly 3 years, SHC’s 
total revenues and EBITDA have grown at 6% and 7% annually, respectively. Despite this solid operational 
performance, SHC has delivered a return of around -2% on an annualized basis. Fortunately, Fontaine has generated 
a ~15% IRR on our SHC investment over this period, largely as a result of opportunistic buying and selling, shown in 
the Exhibit below. However, this improved performance still lags the S&P 500’s annual return of >20%.  
 
3 
 
Exhibit: SHC Share Price (LHS) vs. Fontaine Buy/Sell Actions and Cumulative Share Count (RHS) 
 
Our optimism today with SHC comes down to our belief that  
a) SHC’s already solid operating performance should improve in the coming years, and  
b) The lingering concerns and one-time headwinds that have pressured the stock over the prior 3 years may 
dissipate over the next 12 to 24 months.  
The combination could help catalyze a rerating in SHC’s valuation from ~20x cash profits up to the 25x to 30x 
multiple range, a level we think is reasonable as a result of SHC’s structural growth, low cyclicality, and entrenched 
competitive position. The valuation of peers and other high quality healthcare companies suggests this premium 
valuation is achievable. 
Improving Operational Performance 
While SHC’s 6%-7% growth in recent years is respectable, this was a disappointment relative to the high 
expectations SHC put forth shortly after going public in 2021. They have contended with a multi-year hangover from 
the boom period around Covid. This particularly impacted SHC as they had higher exposure to sterilization for the 
bioprocessing industry as compared to peers, a particularly weak end market in the Covid hangover. Weakening end 
markets and headwinds from a destocking of medical supplies inventories led to repeated guidance cuts, 
disappointing quarterly results, and a frustrated investor base.  
However, based on recent results, an inflection in Sterigenics’ organic revenue growth appears underway, with SHC 
recently achieving average organic growth of >8% over the LTM period, the highest since 2022/early 2023, shown in 
the Exhibit below. This is likely partially due to lapping the destocking and reduced demand in the post-Covid 
hangover period, but the trajectory is still encouraging.  
Exhibit: SHC’s Sterigenics Segment, Organic Revenue Growth (%) 
 
Further, we believe a changing regulatory landscape could provide a tailwind to Sterigenics’ growth in the coming 
years. We’ve discussed in prior letters the controversy around the use of ethylene oxide (EtO) gas in the sterilization 

 
4 
 
process. The EPA’s reclassification of EtO as a carcinogen set off a wave of personal injury litigation while also 
requiring operators to dramatically increase capital spending to achieve EPA’s targeted 90% reduction in EtO 
emissions.  
While this has been a headwind for SHC to manage through for the last ~3 years, there are signs it could become a 
tailwind over the next few years in two ways.  
First, large medical device companies who perform the sterilization process internally at their own facilities are 
increasingly leaning toward outsourcing this service to third parties like Sterigenics, simplifying their operations and 
reducing legal risks. With close to half of industry volumes managed internally, this could be a material tailwind for 
SHC. They have already announced one new outsourcing contract with a large unnamed medical device company. 
This contract is expected to come online at YE26 and ramp throughout 2027 and 2028.  
Second, SHC should benefit from market share gains and/or accretive M&A opportunities as smaller players in the 
industry struggle to comply with the new stringent regulations. There has been at least one bankruptcy among 
sterilization operators with competitor Cosmed filing for bankruptcy in late 2024. Cosmed faced >$7 million in 
litigation defense costs in addition to estimated capex of $2.5 million to $5.0 million per facility in order to achieve 
compliance with the new regulations, an amount they could not finance with their existing capital structure and 
cashflows. We think SHC can organically take market share from these weaker players or buy select assets from 
distressed players, improving total growth.  
With already improving operational performance and approaching tailwinds, we think it is possible SHC’s 
Sterigenics segment accelerates back toward double digit revenue growth in the coming years. This inflection in 
operating results could re-ignite investor interest in the company.  
Fading Concerns and Headwinds 
At the same time that business momentum is improving, SHC is nearly done addressing a few of the concerns that 
have weighed on the stock over the last 3 years.  
First, SHC’s expensive and distracting EtO litigation is likely to wind down in the next 12 to 24 months. The 
remaining cases seem bounded with relatively immaterial potential financial liabilities associated with them. The 
most problematic facility was their Illinois facility, but only 10 cases remain. With an average claim settled at 
~$300k/claim, this would be a $3 million headwind. In Georgia, Sotera had a series of legal wins, with the judge 
dismissing the cases on lack of proof that EtO exposure was the cause of injuries. In New Mexico, SHC recently won 
dismissal of a number of cases. The last outstanding risk is 140 cases in Los Angeles County, but we think the risk 
will be limited by the fact that their facility is located in an industrial area far from residential housing.  
Second, selling pressure related to SHC’s PE investor base was finally exhausted in May. Private equity sponsors 
GTCR and Warburg Pincus owned 60% of the company at the IPO. Since the IPO, they’ve engaged in six large 
secondaries of shares in the last 10 quarters, at prices between $15/shr and $17/shr. They have now fully exited their 
stakes, selling their last 10% stake on May 13th. With PE sponsors fully exited, the market will no longer be forced to 
absorb material selling pressure every 1-2 quarters.  
Exhibit: PE ownership of SHC Equity, Q3-2023 to May 2026 
 
In fact, the supply/demand of shares could flip the other way within the next 6-9 months. In early 2027, we expect 
SHC to begin engaging in share buybacks for the first time since coming public. Based on EBITDA growth and cash 
generation, we forecast SHC ending 2026 with <3.0x in leverage, shown in the Exhibit below.  

 
5 
 
Exhibit: SHC Net Debt and Leverage to Adj EBITDA, Q2-2022 to forecasted leverage YE2026 
 
In our discussions with IR, this seems like a level where management would no longer be focused on paying down 
debt. If SHC were to maintain leverage levels at 3.0x going forward, we estimate SHC could repurchase 5% to 8% of 
shares annually, funded by cash generation and incremental debt capacity. This repurchase activity would start at 
some point in 2027. We believe SHC’s multiple could receive strong support when SHC’s supply/demand of shares 
shifts from 10+% float expansion via PE sales to >5% float contraction via buybacks. 
SHC – Expected Return  
Assuming ~5% revenue growth (6% growth at Sterigenics with the smaller two divisions detracting), roughly stable 
margins, and a 25x Cash NOPAT multiple, SHC would nearly double over 4 years for an annual return in the high 
teens.  
In a reward scenario, we assume ~7% revenue growth, giving credit for recently observed improved results as well as 
outsourcing/share gain tailwinds, combined with margin expansion back to historical levels, and a high 20s multiple. 
This results in multi-year IRRs in the mid 20s. In both scenarios, we model continued de-levering, so if SHC creates 
any value through buybacks or bolt-on M&A, that would boost returns further.  
In a risk scenario of low single digit revenue growth, margin erosion, and a 16x multiple, we estimate 20% to 25% 
downside over ~2 years.   
Haypp – 7.7% position, 41 bps P&L headwind in Q1-2026 
Haypp was a strong winner for Fontaine in 2025, but it has been a very material headwind to our performance since 
the stock peaked in mid September 2025, declining -27% over this period. We had trimmed the position moderately, 
shown in the Exhibit below, but clearly not enough as we estimate Haypp has been a 200 bps headwind since the 
peak in September.  
Exhibit: Haypp, Share Price (LHS) vs. Fontaine Buy/Sell Actions and Cumulative Share Count (RHS) 
 

 
6 
 
We believe the poor share price trajectory likely stems from concerns around expanding losses in their US business, 
weaker growth in the Scandinavian segments, as well as investor caution around the uncertain regulatory outlook 
globally for nicotine pouches.  
As a reminder, Haypp is an operator of leading ecommerce websites selling nicotine pouches in several countries, 
most importantly Sweden, Norway, and the US. We discussed Haypp extensively in our Q3-2024 letter. Nicotine 
pouches have the potential to be a new significant product category given the habit formation of nicotine, the discreet 
nature of the product, and the substantially reduced risk profile given the lack of tobacco and other carcinogens.  
Haypp’s consumer proposition is compelling. Relative to brick & mortar retail, Haypp’s ecommerce sites offer a far 
broader selection of brands, strengths, and flavors while pricing at a 50+% discount relative to the high markups in 
the convenience store channel.  
Haypp’s position should be insulated from ecommerce driven competition. Haypp’s initial advantage came from 
excellent execution within SEO. This ensured attractive placement within organic search results, a very powerful 
advantage given Big Tech’s restrictions on advertising in this more controversial category. Haypp has since 
reinforced their SEO moat through scale in purchasing and fulfillment, process advantages (eg age verification 
processes), and the development of their strategically important Media & Insights segment. They are also iterating 
and experimenting with one of the industry’s first loyalty programs, which could further entrench their position.  
Haypp’s Q4-2025 Results  
While the market was not impressed with Haypp’s Q4-2025 results, we had a much more positive take. Outside of 
regulatory uncertainty, the two main questions with the Haypp investment case are – can Haypp grow the US 
segment into a large business, and does Haypp’s ecommerce model produce attractive margins at scale? We believe 
Q4 brought favorable datapoints on these questions.  
On US growth, Haypp grew their Growth segment revenues, which is largely the US market, at >50% on a constant 
FX basis. Volume growth was even better at 61%, with the lower revenue growth explained by a promotional 
environment weighing on average selling prices. Moreover, management disclosed that order rates in early 2026 
were tracking at >100%. Some of this phenomenal growth is due to comparisons against weak prior periods when 
Haypp lacked supply of Zyn, the leading brand in the US. However, even adjusting for this distortion by looking at 
multi-year growth rates, we see signs of rapid growth and acceleration. While investors did not seem to like the 
deterioration in margins in the US segment, we agree with Haypp management that aggressive reinvestment seems 
like the best path to maximize long term value for shareholders at this stage of market development.  
On margin potential, in their more mature Sweden and Norway markets, Haypp achieved 10.5% EBITDA margins in 
the quarter. To us, this was a strong validation that Haypp’s business model in a mature state should have extremely 
attractive profitability. We believe this margin potential remains underappreciated by the market. This level of 
profitability is explained by Haypp’s leadership position in a uniquely profitable ecommerce category, but also their 
high margin advertising and data revenue streams included in their Media & Insights segment. While some investors 
may have disliked the weak customer growth in these more mature markets, this was partially due to continued 
declines within the legacy snus customers, a less strategically important segment. Further, we believe the impressive 
margins were a far more important signpost.   
Haypp – Normalized Valuation  
If we assume that Haypp will eventually replicate their Core segment profitability in the Growth segment, we 
estimate that Haypp trades at only ~19x normalized cash profits, shown below. While this is elevated relative to their 
history, we find this valuation exceptionally attractive given the blended revenue growth of 20%, the leadership 
position in a rapidly growing consumer category, the diversification across geographies, and the management team’s 
demonstrated ability to create substantial value over time.  
 
7 
 
Exhibit: Haypp, Normalized EV / Cash NOPAT Assuming Core Margins across Total Revenue  
 
The major remaining question for assessing the Haypp investment case – can regulatory issues disrupt the Haypp 
story?  
Regulatory Context and Outlook 
After an initial headfake in April, the US regulatory environment is now the most attractive we’ve ever seen it, and 
we have been adding to our Haypp position. Haypp could be a significant beneficiary of the changing US regulatory 
approach in the coming years.  
To share more on the initial headfake in April, we should start with some context. In the US, nicotine pouches exist 
in a legal grey area – brands can submit a premarket tobacco product application (“PMTA”) to the FDA, and if the 
application is accepted for consideration, they are allowed to sell products before the product has been approved. As 
of January 2025, the FDA had received hundreds of applications, but it had not approved a single product, possibly 
explained by a lack of resources or due to disagreements among factions within the FDA regarding how to approach 
reduced risk products.  
The FDA did not approve a single product in this space until January 2025, a day before the Trump inauguration. The 
FDA approved 20 SKUs across flavors and strengths for the Zyn brand.  
In September 2025, there was another step in the right direction on the regulatory front. The Trump administration 
attempted to alter the FDA quagmire with an expedited track for the evaluation process for a select group of pouch 
brands. This program was supposed to result in FDA decisions by the end of 2025.   
In December, the fast track program delivered a single approval, with Altria’s On! receiving approval for 6 different 
SKUs. It was only one of the 6 decisions promised by year end, but at least we were still seeing progress.  
Then the headfake arrived. In early April, a well-regarded Reuters reporter published an article detailing a slowing 
approval process for nicotine pouches by the FDA due to internal FDA concerns regarding nicotine pouch uptake 
among youth as well as the risks of attracting new users to the category. This surprised us as the data we reviewed 
suggested the opposite – the FDA’s own report on teen usage found a decline in nicotine pouch usage, from 1.8% in 
2024 to 1.7% in 2025. And new adult users seemed like a minor concern given the relatively low health risks and the 
fact that any switching away from cigarettes catalyzed by pouches would be a massive positive, able to offset most 
health risks of new adoption.  
We trimmed the positions as we worried the FDA was veering toward the approach of EU regulators, an approach we 
view as close-minded and not supported by data. Public health officials in the EU are highly antagonistic toward 
reduced risk products, with complete bans in certain countries, despite the very strong evidence suggesting the cancer 
risks are close to non-existent and total health risks are substantially reduced. They seem to prioritize abstinence of 
nicotine completely with less regard for reducing smoking rates and smoking deaths. 
That said, as we continued to monitor the industry, we were still seeing supportive signposts. Several public 
companies discussed favorable interactions with the FDA scientific teams and several news articles detailed the 
Trump administration’s continued commitment to the growth of reduced risk products as key means of reducing 

 
8 
 
harmful cigarette consumption. The FDA was not veering toward the approach of the EU, so we did not cut our 
exposure further.  
In mid April, the regulatory outlook inflected in an extremely favorable direction. The WSJ published a highly 
consequential article detailing FDA commissioner Marty Makary’s personal efforts to thwart the approval of reduced 
risk products, such as vaping and nicotine pouches. The article described how Makary was overruling the 
recommendations of the FDA’s scientific reviewers, putting politics and personal preferences over the scientific 
findings of his team. The article was well sourced and included direct quotes from a former Senator as well as 
companies directly impacted by Makary’s actions. The article directly contradicted the Reuters article, and it showed 
the FDA scientific team was using sound analytical rigor in their decision making process, unlike their EU 
counterparts.  
Since then, the US regulatory outlook has transformed. Makary resigned shortly thereafter, as this political meddling 
in the product approval process was the last straw after a series of mis-steps by Makary had already resulted in a 
diverse set of stakeholders calling for leadership change at the FDA. This included pharmaceutical executives as well 
as advocates for rare diseases and anti-abortion groups. With Makary dismissed, it is now more likely to see a new 
FDA Commissioner more aligned with the reduced risk industry.  
Further, on May 8th, the FDA published a set of new guidelines for FDA enforcement in reduced risk categories. The 
key takeaway was that if a product does not overtly appeal to youth (with criteria defined in the guidelines), then it 
will not be prioritized for enforcement. The FDA will maintain a whitelist of products that are not prioritized for 
enforcement actions while it works through the backlog of products for potential approval. The end result is that 
nicotine pouches have become much less of a grey area – products appealing to youth or those with other flaws will 
be aggressively targeted for enforcement, and all other products will default toward competing in the marketplace, 
with authorizations and approvals eventually cementing the status of these products as legal and sellable.  
Impact on Haypp 
We think this new operating landscape could be a boon to Haypp in several ways.  
First, we are likely to see a significant number of new product launches. Not all of these launches will be able to 
secure shelf space in the finite retail operating environment, meaning many brands may turn to ecommerce leader 
Haypp as a route to market. Haypp should see a significant increase in total selection across strengths, flavors, pouch 
types, and brands. This is likely to attract new consumers to Haypp and drive order rates higher as consumers sample 
the plethora of new options.  
Second, new launches are likely to spend aggressively on customer acquisition in order to stand out in an 
increasingly competitive field. Haypp’s advertising business may be a disproportionate beneficiary. Brands will again 
confront the limitations of finite advertising space in retail locations. Online advertising won’t be much easier as 
Google and Facebook typically restrict advertisements from tobacco and nicotine products. This may make 
advertising on Haypp’s website the best option for brands, a boon for Haypp’s high margin Media business.  
Third, new launches will want to understand underserved customers and target particular segments of the market. 
This could drive growth in Haypp’s high margin Insights business where brands purchase customer and market data 
from Haypp to help in their product development and go-to-market initiatives.  
Haypp – Potential Upside Case  
We have increased Haypp to a 7.7% position. There are still outstanding risks here, namely unclear FDA direction, 
potential political change in 2028, and the fact that the US market is currently loss making.  
However, these risks are at least partially offset by the profitable, growing Nordic segment as well as the 
attractiveness of potential reward scenarios in the US. The potential in the US is particularly exciting as there are 
scenarios that don’t seem too fantastical that involve Haypp’s US business producing operating profit within 5-7 
years approaching Haypp’s total market cap today. We walk through one scenario below.   
The US oral nicotine market was ~$13 billion in 2025. If market growth continues at the 7%-8% level, the US oral 
nicotine market would be ~$20 billion in 2031. Nicotine pouches might achieve 50% share of the oral market, as the 
lower risk nature of the products combined with a greater diversity of strengths and flavors should enable continued 
share gains versus traditional tobacco oral products. This would imply a $10 billion market for US nicotine pouches.  
 
9 
 
Ecommerce penetration of nicotine pouches might reach ~30% in the US. This would be in line with other US 
product categories, and it would roughly align with the midpoint between online penetration levels in Sweden (36%) 
and Norway (22%). This would imply an addressable market of ~$3.0 billion for Haypp.  
Haypp may be able to sustain market share of ~80% in the ecommerce market as a result of advantages in SEO, 
scale, and loyalty investments. This would imply Haypp’s US revenues of ~$2.4 billion. We think 12.5% operating 
margins should be achievable given margins in the Nordics are already >10%, and Haypp should have margin upside 
over time from maximizing the value of their Media & Insights businesses while also implementing modest price 
increases given the huge pricing umbrella from sizable retail markups in US brick and mortar retail. This would 
imply $300 million in operating profit in Haypp’s US segment alone, quite attractive relative to Haypp’s current 
enterprise value of $490 million.   
Rightmove – Current 7.6% position, 70 bps P&L headwind in Q1-2026  
Rightmove (“RMV”) was one of the large losses we suffered from buying digital, capital-lite businesses that were 
selling off due to AI impact concerns.  
RMV operates the leading property portal in the UK market. It is the default place for UK consumers to browse 
properties for purchase or for rent, with RMV receiving 85% of time spent and 86% of overall traffic in the market. 
At the 2023 Investor Day, RMV disclosed over 2 billion site visits per year, which roughly translates to weekly visits 
from every UK adult. 85% of these visits are direct, not intermediated by social/search, highlighting how strongly 
consumers associate RMV with UK property.  
That favored position in the minds of UK consumers means RMV is able to charge significant subscription fees in 
order for real estate agents, called estate agents in the UK, to list their properties on the RMV portal.  
RMV has managed monetization well, continually rolling out new features and functionality to encourage estate 
agencies to subscribe to more richly priced premium subscription packages. This upselling, combined with strong 
pricing power, and an appreciating housing market has enabled RMV to consistently grow revenues at attractive 
rates, with revenue growth over the last 10 years of >8%, and with no year in the last decade below 7% growth 
(outside of the Covid impacted 2020). It has achieved this growth while maintaining exceptional profitability, with 
average EBIT margins of 65+%. In our view, these financials are a clear sign of a high quality business.   
Exhibit: RMV – Organic Revenue Growth and LTM EBIT Margin  
 
We began buying RMV in late 2025 and continued to buy more aggressively in January and February as it continued 
to decline down to its current price of around ~£4.04. Our average cost is ~£4.68. The depth of the decline has 
surprised us. RMV is -36% over the last ~6 months, ~15 pts worse than the return of the IGV Software ETF, widely 
perceived as the epicenter of AI disruption.  
Considering AI related risks for RMV  
Bears point to two different expressions of potential AI risk.  
First, AI as a technological change opens the door for an AI-first challenger in property search, either via a de novo 
startup or market entry by a frontier AI lab. 
Second, AI tools could dramatically change the property search process. Consumers may increasingly rely on 
personal AI agents for their purchasing decisions. These agents may not require a centralized listing site for 
determining optimal purchases. Another possible AI driven change is coding tools could become so exceptional that 

 
10 
 
each consumer effectively codes their own personal property portal with each personal portal more finely tuned to 
each individual’s preferences.  
Despite these potential AI risks, we continue to believe RMV is an attractive investment.  
On the first risk regarding an AI first challenger in property search, we are skeptical that competitive entry by an AI 
first challenger would impair RMV. We believe network effects are strong with property portal business models. 
Even with free listings, competitors struggle to reach the same listing coverage as RMV given the incumbency 
benefits. And if a competitor doesn’t offer comprehensive listing coverage while also forcing the consumer to adapt 
to a new user interface and new feature set, it is very difficult to attract significant consumer traffic.  
For RMV, this dynamic has been validated through five different periods of competitive intensity, highlighted in the 
Exhibit below.  
Exhibit: RMV Competition – New Entrants in UK Property Portal Market, 2006-current  
 
 
Since 2008, RMV has faced threats from media companies, a US tech company, a UK startup, an agent cooperative, 
and a leading commercial real estate analytics and marketplace operator. Despite these competitive intrusions, RMV 
has continued to thrive, increasing revenues by ~6x and profits by ~8x during this period. We don’t think an AI-first 
competitor would change this dynamic.  
On the second risk involving a wholesale change to the property search process, we believe RMV bears may 
underestimate the strength of habit formation and the consumer inertia that has kept portals at the center of property 
search over time. We discussed earlier the implied frequency of usage based on disclosed metrics on Rightmove site 
visits. We see similar statistics at other EU property portals. This suggests that property portal usage has become a 
highly ingrained habit with many consumers.  
Further, this degree of usage suggests to us that there is some level of enjoyment associated with consumer use of 
property portals – looking at aspirational properties, evaluating interior decorations at new listings, or keeping tabs 
on supply/demand in your neighborhood. This suggests to us that humans will value being involved in the property 
search process instead of outsourcing the entire search and discovery process to an AI agent.  
Lastly, even if AI agents become an important part of the property search process, we think it will be a gradual trend 
that will be slow to impact RMV’s growth and profitability. One analog is the adoption of LLM chatbots. A Fed 
survey from October 2025 found that 25% of workers had used any AI tool at some point in the prior month. This 
strikes us as a relatively low penetration level given we are 3 years into the launch of these free services and the bar 
is low, requiring only monthly usage. We would expect the adoption of more unfamiliar AI approaches like agents 

 
11 
 
handling purchasing decisions or relying on AI to generate custom interfaces as alternatives to Rightmove to be much 
slower given it represents more of a significant change in usage patterns. There will also be a cost barrier from token 
usage.  
Expected Return Drivers – Growth and Multiple  
If AI doesn’t disrupt RMV, we think the likelihood of a compelling total return is quite high. The growth outlook 
remains attractive and the multiple of cash profits is at a multi-year low.  
RMV has guided to organic revenue growth of 8% to 10% over the next ~3 years, with an ambition to maintain 
revenue growth above 10% into the 2030s. Importantly, RMV is becoming less reliant on the core monetization of 
listings. Under CEO Johan Svanstrom, RMV has made it an explicit goal to improve RMV’s monetization of 
ancillary areas beyond the core listing business, including areas such as mortgage, rentals, and commercial. These 
ancillary revenue streams have been growing much faster than the core business in recent years, and we expect that 
to continue.  
In addition to growth, another key driver of returns with RMV is the attractive valuation. We estimate RMV is 
trading at only 14.5x trailing cash profits, representing a ~7% cash yield. We would normally associate this type of 
multiple with a low quality business with minimal or even negative growth. This current multiple is severely 
discounted relative to RMV’s history. The median valuation over the last decade is >30x cash profits, and even using 
the absolute low in various crises in the past decade, we haven’t seen RMV’s multiple below 18.7x prior to this 
selloff.   
Exhibit: RMV’s Enterprise Value to Cash Profits, Historical Lows versus Current  
 
RMV – Expected Return  
Assuming ~7% revenue growth, stable core margins, and a 20x Cash NOPAT multiple (a huge discount to historical 
trading range), we see the potential for RMV to deliver a ~2x increase over 4 years, a high teens IRR.  
In a reward scenario, we assume ~10% revenue growth, combined with margin expansion back to historical levels, 
and a high 20s multiple. This results in multi-year IRRs in the mid 30s. In both scenarios, we model cash building on 
the balance sheet equivalent to >30% of the current market cap, so any accretive usage of cash would boost returns.  
Another potential reward scenario is strategic M&A. In September 2024, REA Group, the owner of the dominant 
property portal in Australia, offered £7.81 for RMV, a >90% premium to RMV’s current share price. RMV turned 
this offer down, believing it failed to reflect full value for RMV’s prospects. Since then, RMV has grown cash profits 
a further 13%, suggesting any renewed bid could be above the prior £7.81 bid.  
In a risk scenario of low single digit revenue growth, margin erosion into the high 50s, and a 13x multiple, we 
estimate 10% to 15% downside over ~2 years.   
Apollo Global – Current 5.7% position, 70 bps P&L headwind in Q1-2026 
Fontaine has owned Apollo (“APO”) continuously since launch in September 2022. Despite APO’s favorable 
characteristics of consistent 15+% revenue growth, recurring revenue, high margins, favorable capital return to 

 
12 
 
shareholders, and an excellent owner-operator founder at the helm, the market periodically treats APO as a hyper 
cyclical, precariously positioned company. For example, APO has experienced five selloffs of more than 20% since 
mid 2022. We have historically been aggressive buyers during these periods, as shown in the Exhibit below, with the 
late 2022 recession concern, the March 2023 banking crisis, and Liberation Day in 2025 as particularly significant 
periods of activity for Fontaine.  
Exhibit: Fontaine Ownership of APO, Sept 2022 to present  
 
The start of 2026 brought another one of these periods. The market is concerned about a potential credit cycle in 
Private Credit. Said another way, the market is worried that we will see a significant increase in the default rate 
among private equity backed companies, especially technology and software companies that might be impaired by AI 
progress. There was a wave of private equity buyouts focused on these companies in 2020 and 2021 at very elevated 
valuations, which could pose challenges when these loans need to be refinanced. These buyouts were largely 
financed by direct lending firms instead of banks, increasing the risks to alternative asset managers.   
We believe APO has been unfairly sold off alongside these concerns. They do have a large Credit business, but 60% 
of their exposure is to investment grade credits, a safer set of exposures compared to the high yield and private credit 
exposure that is raising the most concern. Further, we believe APO is an excellent underwriter. Their annualized 
default rate over the last 16 years has been 0.1%, and they were confirmed to be short the credit of First Brands, a 
high profile bankruptcy in 2025 that intensified the concerns regarding an impending credit cycle.  
If we evaluate APO’s exposure within lending to private equity backed companies, APO has a higher mix of senior 
loans within the capital structure, higher levels of interest coverage, lower exposure to software, and greater position 
level diversification. All of these point to APO being well positioned for a downturn.  
One other market concern relates to APO’s Athene insurance business. The bear case is that asset managers have 
invested in insurance companies in order to take advantage of lax regulatory oversight within the industry. Bears 
contend that asset managers have aggressively levered up these insurance vehicles, leaving little cushion for a 
downturn. They also contend that these vehicles have been a dumping ground for problematic credits. This would be 
a particularly significant risk for APO given their insurance affiliate Athene contributes significantly to APO 
earnings.  
We again think that APO is being unfairly lumped in with other players. 90% of Athene’s invested assets are exposed 
to investment grade, which should have lower default rates and superior recoveries. Historically they’ve 
outperformed the broader insurance industry on total impairments by 10%-20%. Athene often invests alongside APO 
funds. These datapoints contradict the thesis that insurance affiliates are a dumping ground for lower quality assets. 
Further, we believe that Athene is well capitalized, with 6.6% total equity as a % of total assets, shown in the Exhibit 
below. Our analysis also suggests APO has increased the capital buffers at Athene over the last few years, which 
contradicts the skeptics’ claim that these insurance affiliates have de minimis capital buffers.  

 
13 
 
Exhibit: Athene, Total Tangible Equity / Total Assets, Q4-2024 to Q1-2026  
 
We increased our APO position from ~3.5% to >6% throughout Q1 with purchases as low as $100/shr. We have 
trimmed the position slightly in May as the stock recovered, but we continue to hold APO as a core position. 
Assuming an 8.5x multiple for Athene’s earnings, APO’s asset manager trades at ~27x forward earnings after 
expensing stock based compensation and taxing at a 20% rate. We believe this is a reasonable valuation given the 
outlook for 15+% growth in recurring revenue, the potential for APO to emerge relatively stronger from any credit 
cycle, and our expectation of continued effective stewardship by founder Marc Rowan.  
Inspire & RxSight – Previous 4.8% combined position, 170 bps combined P&L headwind in Q1-2026 
Inspire (“INSP”) and RxSight (“RXST”) are two small cap medical device companies that were headwinds in the 
quarter.  
These positions have a number of similarities.  
Both were previously recommended to us by growth investors we respect, giving us a favorable inclination to both 
companies. We initially passed on both after those recommendations, but we ended up later purchasing them after 
significant earnings disappointments, with the stocks selling off on high volume in significant multi year declines, 
down ~75% and ~87% from their peaks, which we felt increased the likelihood of an asymmetric entry point.  
Both companies sell products that seem compelling and differentiated, with leadership positions in their treatment 
areas. For example, INSP offers an implantable device that treats moderate-to-severe obstructive sleep apnea. The 
implant stimulates nerves which helps keep the patient’s airway open during sleep. It is the only approved device on 
the market, and it offers significant ease-of-use and compliance advantages relative to the status quo of CPAP 
machines.  
RXST is a razor/razor blade medical device company. They sell a cataract lens system as the razor and sell 
implantable light-adjustable cataract lenses as the blades. Their light adjustable lenses, or LALs, can be adjusted after 
surgery using light, enabling a level of customization and precision that can’t be matched by competing lenses.  
Both companies had pristine balance sheets, entering the year with net cash positions equal to ~15% and ~50% of 
their market caps. This significant cash backing to their market cap meant both businesses traded at very attractive 
multiples of recurring revenues, with INSP at ~2.5x total revenue and RXST at ~2.0x recurring LAL revenue.  
Unfortunately, the similarities don’t end there, as both positions resulted in material losses for Fontaine, with the 
stocks declining -52% and -41% on a YTD basis.   
INSP mismanaged a new product launch that resulted in a significant reduction in revenue and profit expectations for 
2026. They launched Inspire V, a next-generation device that eliminated a sensor while also improving sensor quality 
and remote monitoring capabilities. The elimination of the sensor reduced the overall surgical procedure time to 
implant the device, benefiting both their surgeons as well as patients. However, this alteration had a significant 
drawback – the elimination of the sensor meant that INSP’s new device no longer met the precise wording of their 
prior reimbursement code. This resulted in a cut to Medicare reimbursement by 30%, reducing physician interest in 

 
14 
 
INSP procedures. They will not be able to create a new more appropriate code until early 2028. INSP share price 
weakness may also be driven by expectations for increased GLP-1 treatment with oral pills available in 2026, which 
many expect to negatively impact the addressable market for INSP.   
RXST faced a worsening competitive environment in late 2025 and early 2026. This new competition resulted in 
reductions in revenue expectations. Part of this was known and catalyzed our initial purchases in mid 2025. However, 
the degree of slowdown based on 2026 guidance was surprising to us. Incumbents launched premium offerings at 
aggressive price points, and in some cases, they bundled these premium offerings with their broader product set. It 
didn’t help that overall cataract volumes have been weak, decelerating significantly relative to prior years.   
I believe we made two primary mistakes with these situations.  
First, we overestimated downside protection. We expected potential share price declines to be modest given the 
significant cash positions plus the low valuations on recurring revenues. This was flawed as companies with 
relatively low earnings power like INSP or negative earnings power like RXST do not seem to benefit from the same 
degree of downside protection as other businesses with more established earnings power.  
Second, we didn’t have a compelling enough story for why we should see an improving fundamental outlook at INSP 
and RXST. These were more akin to mean reversion bets without strong arguments about why an inflection was 
likely. This has catalyzed one change in our evaluation of potential long ideas – we are demanding more compelling 
stories about future business results and more compelling arguments for why the market’s concerns should prove 
temporary rather than structural. 
We retain some exposure to both INSP and RXST, but the position sizes are substantially reduced. We remain open-
minded that INSP and RXST could be great investments from here. We are monitoring their results and engaging 
with the management teams. If there is any sign of stabilization and improvement, the upside could be substantial. 
Acquisitions of medical technology businesses have transacted at ~8x revenue in recent years. Even using the low-
end valuations of ~3x revenue to reflect the weaker growth and profitability at INSP and RXST, upside could be 
significant, in the ~100% to 150% range for both.  
Short Portfolio Review  
Vestis – 2.8% average position size, ~50 bps P&L headwind  
Vestis (“VSTS”) has been a particularly problematic short for Fontaine, detracting ~50 bps in Q1-2026, and ~63 bps 
in the 2nd half of 2025.  
VSTS operates in the uniform rental and laundry industry alongside Cintas, Unifirst, and a number of local and 
regional players. These companies own a network of centralized laundry facilities as well as a fleet of delivery 
trucks. From these centralized facilities, they deliver clean uniforms to a range of businesses including automotive 
service, manufacturing, hospitality, and retail. Their delivery teams double as salespeople, attempting to attach higher 
margin sales of first aid products and cleaning supplies alongside the lower margin uniform rental offering. VSTS  
was spun off from Aramark in 2023.  
The bull case was that the spinoff from Aramark would improve VSTS’s operational results by enabling greater 
focus and reinvestment on the uniform business, and VSTS would be able to converge toward industry leader Cintas 
on margins and organic growth, delivering significant upside.  
However, our thesis was that VSTS was a challenged player in a relatively tough industry with low quality 
management, aged physical assets, and depleted service and sales teams with low morale.  
Our research suggested that Aramark underinvested in VSTS over the years of ownership, redirecting investment 
toward its core food service and facilities management business. As a result, VSTS’s facilities were poorly 
maintained with antiquated equipment and flawed operational processes. This led to downstream issues, with 
customers reporting missed orders as well as damaged and unclean clothing.  
Further, our research suggested that management was overzealous with cost cutting, which we expected to lead to 
prolonged business issues. For example, VSTS attempted to improve cost efficiency through route consolidation, 
increasing drops per route. This ended up stretching delivery drivers with excessively long routes, resulting in late or 
missed deliveries. Management also aggressively cut back on delivery staff in an attempt to boost margins. Instead of 
a driver and salesperson in each truck, VSTS tried to reduce to a single driver, but this ended up hurting their attach 
rate of high margin ancillaries given less ability to focus on selling.  
 
15 
 
In a competitive industry with well run players like Cintas, Unifirst, and local competitors, we expected these issues 
would be difficult to recover from. Our negative views were observable in VSTS’s financials, with declining 
revenue, and margin erosion, shown in the Exhibit below. Their poor financials, lack of cash generation, and elevated 
leverage increased the degree of difficulty for a turnaround.  
Exhibit: VSTS LTM Revenue per Day, y/y change (%), and LTM Gross and EBIT Margins  
 
 
We first shorted VSTS at $15/shr in late 2024, increased it to a core position at ~$10/shr in early 2025, and we held 
the position down to $4/shr in September 2025. Even at the lows, VSTS was trading at 13x cash profits, a valuation 
we felt was elevated enough for us to retain our position given the potential structural issues and declining revenue. 
The significant leverage created the possibility of a severe equity impairment as well.  
We started adding to the position again in the high single digits. This was a mistake, as the stock has appreciated 
from a low of $4/shr to the current level of $13/shr due to optimism regarding a turnaround.  
With the benefit of hindsight, we underreacted to the appointment of new CEO Jim Barber in mid 2025. He had a 
strong track record and is well incentivized with a lucrative comp package. We have seen enough well regarded 
CEOs fail when facing challenging industry conditions, so we are biased to ignore new CEO appointments, but we 
should’ve realized there would be low hanging fruit given how poorly regarded prior management was.  
We remain involved in VSTS. After such a move, the market is pricing in a significant turnaround despite relatively 
weak evidence thus far. VSTS trades at around ~25x earnings power. Even if we give VSTS credit for matching the 
margin structure of #2 operator Unifirst, it trades at ~19x normalized NOPAT. Both measures strike us as quite 
elevated given revenue trends remain weak and we believe matching UNF margins will be difficult given 
disadvantages in scale and plant quality as well as elevated leverage restraining proper reinvestment.  
Walmart – 4.0% average position size, ~40 bps P&L headwind 
Fontaine has had success shorting companies with low/moderate growth at exceptionally high valuations. These 
situations are the inverse of long positions in our Growth at a Reasonable Price (“GARP”) style. While some 
investors criticize these as “valuation” shorts, we believe that these situations can be compelling short exposure if 
growth is weak enough while valuation is quite extended.  
Two of Fontaine’s past successes in this style were HVAC distributor Watsco (“WSO”) and auto parts retailer 
AutoZone (“AZO”).  
With WSO, we began shorting in July 2024 when it traded at $500. At that price, it traded at ~32x profits despite 
revenue growth of only 3%. We expected profit growth to remain subdued given elevated margins and a demand 
digestion period for the industry post Covid. Over our two year holding period, WSO has declined to $369, a more 
reasonable ~24.5x earnings. This is a -13% annualized return, >30 points of alpha relative to the S&P 500 at 19% 
CAGR over this time period. We view this as attractive alpha, especially considering the avoidance of much of the 
volatility and squeeze risk that comes with junk shorts.  
With AZO, we began shorting in March 2025 and added throughout 2025, with an average cost of $3,865. At the 
peak, it traded at ~36x Cash Profits despite revenue and gross profit growth in the 2% range, with slight declines in 
EBITDA. We expected fundamentals to remain under pressure as our analysis of the US passenger car fleet 
suggested that the number of cars in AZO’s sweet spot of 5-12 years old would be declining throughout 2026 and 

 
16 
 
2027. Over this ~1 year holding period, AZO has declined ~20% while the S&P 500 appreciated 30%, a 50% alpha 
short.  
We think Walmart (“WMT”) represents a particularly attractive setup within this framework. The valuation at WMT 
is more extreme compared to the other two situations mentioned above. In the Exhibit below, you can see that WMT 
is now trading at 43x profits. We estimate that this is WMT’s highest valuation since 1999.  
Exhibit: Walmart, Enterprise Value to Net Operating Profit after Tax  
 
And based on the snapshot below, you can see the financial characteristics of WMT today are quite inferior to 1999, 
with lower growth in same store sales, total revenue, and profits.  
 
We also expect the operating environment will make it difficult for WMT to achieve a dramatic inflection in their 
profits that might justify such a premium multiple. WMT derives roughly 60% of US revenues from the grocery 
market. There has been consolidation over the last decade, with a smaller and smaller percentage of the market run 
by weak subscale players. The largest player after WMT is Kroger, which is now run by the former head of WMT 
US. They just announced broad based price cuts across thousands of products to narrow price gaps relative to WMT. 
The third largest player is Costco, a price leader relative to WMT. On the general merchandise side of WMT’s 
business, we expect WMT to remain at a disadvantage relative to Amazon, which continues to lead with 
differentiated assets like the size of their Prime membership and a larger, more diverse fulfillment footprint.  
Two other elements that we like about the WMT short are the rising capital intensity as well as their misallocation of 
capital into aggressive buybacks.  
On rising capital intensity, one key part of management’s narrative is that WMT is in the process of dramatically 
improving margins. They claim that higher margin businesses such as advertising, marketplaces, and international 
ecommerce are growing faster than total revenue, so WMT is experiencing rising margins, a trend they expect to 
continue for years. However, this is not true if we look at Cash EBIT margins, which deducts capex instead of only 
deducting depreciation. This is shown in the Exhibit below. You can see that WMT’s Cash EBIT margins are 
degrading in recent periods, and they are now nearly 50% below headline EBIT margins. Capex of this magnitude 
creates the possibility that certain more ordinary business expenses, especially in the ecommerce business, are being 
capitalized instead of expensed, inflating WMT’s income statement based EBIT margins.  

 
17 
 
Exhibit: WMT, LTM EBIT Margins and LTM Cash EBIT Margins, FQ4-2015 to FQ1-2027 
 
On misallocation of capital, management is being quite aggressive with share buybacks, a yellow flag on 
management’s competency given the extended valuation. In recent periods, they’ve spent just below 70% of FCF on 
repurchases despite trailing NOPAT multiples in the 35x to 45x range. Note that this is a greater percentage of FCF 
dedicated to repurchases compared to the 2015 to 2021 period when WMT traded at a far more reasonable valuation 
of ~18x.  
Exhibit: WMT Repurchases as % of FCF versus LTM EV / NOPAT Multiple  
 
While Fontaine’s short in WMT has been a headwind in Q1-2026, we are optimistic that this exposure will be alpha 
generative over a 1 to 3 year time horizon. Assuming continued revenue growth of 5%, modest margin degradation 
as EBIT trends toward Cash EBIT, and a normalization in multiple to ~25x, WMT could decline 30% to 35% over 3 
years. This would represent potential annual alpha of ~20% assuming the broader market continues to deliver 8% to 
10% annual returns. If the normalization in the multiple occurs faster than 3 years or if the multiple converges toward 
the 10 year median of ~20x instead of our target multiple of 25x, alpha generation would be more significant.  
Performance Assessment and Idea Generation  
Fontaine’s performance over the last 12 months has not been strong. The subpar performance has continued in Q2 
with underperformance relative to the market in both April and May.  
We have been assessing this period to try to better understand our sources of underperformance relative to our 
historical levels. We have initially focused on the long portfolio as this is the more significant driver of overall 
returns over the long term.  

 
18 
 
One preliminary takeaway is we need to raise the bar on our long ideas. We are now demanding higher quality 
investment theses, more conviction in the 2 to 3 year outlook, greater asymmetry, and a higher likelihood of positive 
returns across scenarios. We believe we had too much exposure to more moderate mispricings, which didn’t have a 
sufficient margin of safety to protect against headwinds and unforeseen business challenges.  
Part of this was likely driven by our reluctance to more aggressively trim core positions that had appreciated, such as 
Sotera, Haypp, and Apollo discussed earlier. Another likely driver was our pursuit of diversification, which may have 
resulted in a hurdle that was not quite high enough for new ideas. To be clear, we only pursued a more broadly 
diversified portfolio after we had demonstrated clear and substantial alpha on these smaller positions across 
investment styles over multiple years.  
In order to improve the quality of our long portfolio, we have made several changes to our investment process. First, 
we have increased our time allocation to running and reviewing investment screens in an attempt to refill our pipeline 
with unique, less trafficked ideas. Second, we have invested in several new paid research services in order to benefit 
from the deep research of other investors we respect. Third, we are demanding more confirmatory signposts to our 
thesis from primary research and management conversations. Fourth, we are more mindful of leading indicators that 
provide insights into the timeliness of a thesis.  
It is very early, but we have seen some promising initial signs. In the last few months, we have established 3 new 
core positions as a result of our efforts to improve the long portfolio – ImmuCell, Entravision, and Vistance 
Networks, and all 3 have had early contributions to the portfolio.  
ImmuCell – Current 4.2% position  
ImmuCell (“ICCC”) is a company active in the animal health industry, with a leading therapeutic focused on the 
cattle market. Their product, First Defense, is the leading treatment for calf scours, a sickness caused by bacterial and 
viral infections and the leading cause of death among newborn calves. First Defense has significant advantages over 
vaccine or antibiotic based treatments, namely immediate immunity, consistent individual level protection, and ease 
of administration. The ROI of treatment is compelling, as treatment costs only ~$6.50 to $15.0 per dose while the 
current market price of a newborn calf ranges from $1,400 to $1,700+ per head – a compelling ROI if you can reduce 
the likelihood of a calf death.  
The investment case for ICCC was that a new exceptional management team is in the early stages of helping fulfill 
First Defense’s true potential and despite early signs of success, ICCC still traded at an attractive valuation of only 
~14x cash profits due to various factors obscuring the earnings power of First Defense.  
ICCC refreshed their management team in 2025, with CEO Olivier te Boekhorst and CFO Tim Fiori joining. Both 
are exceptional talents for a ~$70 million market cap company. Boekhorst spent 18 years at Idexx, a $40+ billion 
highly successful animal health diagnostics company. At Idexx, he was involved in M&A, new country expansion, 
and manufacturing optimization. After Idexx, he helped develop an animal health investment program for a private 
equity firm, evaluating a number of animal health business models during the process. CFO Fiori spent 23 years at 
Idexx in a variety of finance roles. In our conversations with Boekhorst and Fiori, we came away thoroughly 
impressed with their depth of experience, their track record of value creation in the animal health industry, and their 
compelling vision for ICCC’s future.  
We believe they have already created significant value at ICCC in a short period of time. One of Boekhorst’s first 
actions was shutting down ICCC’s second product, Retain, which still faced a long arduous path to FDA approval 
and was a significant drain on ICCC resources, driving ~$3 million in losses in 2025 alone. In addition to improving 
cash generation, the shuttering of Retain enabled the whole organization to refocus on the core First Defense 
franchise. This looks to have been a very good decision, as ICCC improved manufacturing yields and lowered 
product costs in Q1. On our call with Olivier and Tim, they commented that Q1 was the first time that manufacturing 
capacity actually exceeded sales capacity, suggesting manufacturing issues are no longer a constraint on total growth.  
With manufacturing bottlenecks relieved, Boekhorst made the decision to increase investment in sales and marketing, 
an area where he believes ICCC should have substantial low hanging fruit. ICCC has added new sales reps to their 
most productive regions while also opening new territories in the western US for the first time in company history. 
Lastly, with peers generating ~50% of revenues from outside the US relative to ICCC’s ~12% international mix, 
ICCC executives believe there is huge growth potential in international markets, and they recently hired an 
experienced dairy executive to help evaluate and prioritize international markets for entry.  
 
19 
 
With the highest quality product on the market, only ~15% unit share, an untreated portion of the market that is 
larger than the treated market, and latent international opportunities, we see the potential for significant multi-year 
revenue and profit growth at ICCC. Early signs are promising, with revenue growth of 28% in Q1 2026 before the 
full benefit of the reinvestment in sales and marketing has shown up.  
Despite all of these positives, we believe we were buying ICCC at ~14x sustainable cash profits, a valuation 
obscured by recent quality issues in their First Defense manufacturing as well as significant losses on their Retain 
product.  
Even after >25% appreciation from our initial purchases, we believe ICCC can deliver annual returns in the high 
teens to low 20s if we assume ~10% to 15% revenue growth, slight margin expansion, and a 20x multiple in line with 
historical Animal Health multiples.  
Entravision – Current 2.2% position  
Entravision (“EVC”) is a Hispanic focused local TV broadcaster with a fast growing, profitable advertising business 
embedded inside. In the mid 2010s, EVC management realized the challenges ahead for the broadcasting industry 
and they attempted to diversify through aggressive investments into digital companies around the world. Almost all 
of these investments were failures, but in mid 2018, they purchased a Spanish advertising technology business called 
Smadex for ~$3.5 million. This has turned out to be an outstanding acquisition.  
Smadex has been a hidden growth engine, rapidly scaling within EVC. In the most recent quarter, the Advertising 
Technology segment, which is largely comprised of Smadex, achieved a dramatic inflection in their revenue and 
profits as a sizable Hong Kong gaming company significantly increased spending on Smadex. EBIT in this quarter 
alone was $34 million, up ~180% sequentially and up ~400% y/y. This Smadex inflection catalyzed a 140% increase 
in the EVC share price since EVC published Q1 results.  
We had only established a small position as we were conducting additional research into EVC, so unfortunately we 
missed out on this being a more consequential contributor to the portfolio. That said, we still think the opportunity is 
compelling from here. We are in the process of developing a better understanding of Smadex and its potential growth 
outlook. If the most recent quarter is a good reflection of its earnings power and it can continue growing at attractive 
rates from here via new large customer wins, we see the potential for $150m+ in Smadex earnings power. If Smadex 
were valued at ~20x, still far below the valuation of other AdTech companies, EVC would triple again from here, 
and that is without attributing any value to their broadcasting business, which is well positioned for consolidation, as 
well as the broadcasting business’s spectrum portfolio.  
Vistance Networks – Current 3.2% Position  
Vistance (“VISN”) was a special situation investment opportunity. The opportunity was created by the acquisition of 
one of their business segments at an attractive price. VISN committed to returning the vast majority of the proceeds 
back to shareholders after extinguishing all debt.  
With the stock trading around $17.50 with the ~$10 dividend imminent, we were purchasing the Remaining 
businesses at $7.50/shr, which translated into a value of around $1.8 billion. This compared favorably to our 
estimated value of around $3.0 billion for the 2 remaining businesses based on an analysis of comparable companies.   
For some reason, investors were not willing to buy in advance of the dividend, possibly due to some uncertainty on 
the true size of the dividend or because the dividend was so large relative to the share price.   
Upon the completion of the dividend, the stock quickly traded to ~$12/shr. This translated to ~$22/shr in total value 
relative to our initial purchases in the ~$17.35 range, a ~27% return in ~2 months and a more meaningful percentage 
return when considering the true value at risk was more like $7.50/shr after reflecting the dividend payment.  
We began searching for other similar opportunities that featured an attractively valued RemainCo created by the 
distortions around a segment sale or large special dividend payment. We recently identified a few similar investment 
opportunities. One is VISN as we believe there is a second event-driven investment opportunity. Shortly after the 
initial dividend payment, VISN announced that they had sold one of their two remaining businesses for $1.7 billion, 
and they have again committed to returning the proceeds to shareholders at some point in the 2nd half of 2026. While 
VISN’s last remaining segment, Aurora Networks, isn’t an outstanding business, we estimate we are buying Aurora 
today at an effective price of around ~5x segment EBITDA when comparable companies trade in the ~6x to ~10x 
range. Investors appear to be again undervaluing the remaining stub business.  
 
20 
 
With ICCC, EVC, and VISN, these are only 3 examples over a very short period of time, so it is far too early to draw 
definitive conclusions. That said, we are encouraged by the preliminary results as well as the quality of our pipeline 
today. We will undertake a similar exercise on the short side in the coming weeks and months.  
 
Conclusion 
Thank you again for your continued support. It means a great deal to us during periods of challenging performance. 
Our focus is on continuously improving the asymmetry of the portfolio while avoiding excessive concentration or 
factor specific risks. We believe this should produce attractive results over the long term.  
 
Please contact us with any questions related to the fund or investments in general.  
 
Best, 
               
Fontaine Capital Partners LP 

 
21 
 
Appendix A: Overview of Long and Short Performance Attribution and Alpha  
 
Q1-2026 Attribution 
 
 
 
 
LTM Attribution 
 
 
 
Since Inception Attribution (September 1, 2022 through March 31, 2026) 
 
 
 
 

 
22 
 
  
Appendix B: Attribution Analysis, Top Ten Winners and Losers, Long and Short 
 
Q1-2026 
 
Top Winners 
 
 
Top Losers 
 

 
23 
 
 
LTM through Q1-2026 
 
Top Winners 
 
 
Top Losers 
 
 

 
24 
 
Appendix C: Q1-2026, Top 20 Longs as of March 31, 2026 
  

 
25 
 
DISCLAIMER 
 
The information contained in this report is intended for informational purposes only and is qualified in its entirety by 
the more detailed information contained in the Fontaine Fund LP Confidential Private Offering Memorandum (the 
“Offering Memorandum”). This report is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any investment 
product, which can only be made by the Offering Memorandum. An investment in the Partnership involves significant 
investment considerations and risks which are described in the Offering Memorandum.  
 
The material presented herein, which is provided for the exclusive use of the person who has been authorized to 
receive it, is for your private information and shall not be used by the recipient except in connection with its 
investment in the Partnership. Fontaine Capital Partners LP (“Fontaine Capital”) is soliciting no action based upon 
it. It is based upon information which we consider reliable, but neither Fontaine Capital nor any of its managers or 
employees represents that it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied upon as such. Opinions, estimates 
and projections in this presentation constitute the current judgment of Fontaine Capital and are subject to change 
without notice. Any projections, forecasts and estimates contained in this presentation are necessarily speculative in 
nature and are based upon certain assumptions. It can be expected that some or all of such assumptions will not 
materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly, any projections are only estimates and actual 
results will differ and may vary substantially from the projections or estimates shown. This presentation is not 
intended as a recommendation to purchase or sell any commodity or security. Fontaine Capital has no obligation to 
update, modify or amend this presentation or to otherwise notify a reader thereof in the event that any matter stated 
herein, or any opinion, projection, forecast or estimate set forth herein, changes or subsequently becomes 
inaccurate. 
 
Performance information presented herein is historic and should not be taken as any indication of future 
performance. Among other things, growth of assets under management of Fontaine Capital may adversely affect its 
investment performance. Also, future investments will be made under different economic conditions and may be made 
in different securities using different investment strategies. There is no guarantee that Fontaine Capital will be 
successful in achieving its investment objectives.  
 
The comparison of the Partnership's performance to a single market index is imperfect because the Partnership's 
portfolio may include the use of margin trading and other leverage and is not as diversified as the Standard and 
Poor's 500 Index or other indices. Due to the differences between the Partnership's investment strategy and the 
methodology used to compute most indices, we caution potential investors that no indices are directly comparable to 
the results of the Partnership.  
 
This presentation is strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed in whole or in part nor may its 
contents be disclosed to any other person without the express consent of Fontaine Capital. 
 
The Partnership is not registered under the investment company act of 1940, as amended, in reliance on an 
exemption thereunder. Interests in the Partnership have not been registered under the securities act of 1933, as 
amended, or the securities laws of any state and are being offered and sold in reliance on exemptions from the 
registration requirements of said act and laws.
