1 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
Q1 Performance Review 
The Fourth Sail Long/Short Fund lost 1.1% (net of fees) in the first  quarter of 2026 , compared to a gain o f 
14.1% for the MSCI EM Latin America Index (MXLA). Since January 2012 when we began managing the 
strategy, we are up 532.1% (net of fees) versus a 14.2% loss for the index1. 
The Fourth Sail Discovery Fund gained  5.9% (net of fees) in the first  quarter, compared to the same gain of 
14.1% for MXLA. Since inception, the Discovery Fund has returned 91.2% (net of fees) compared to a gain of 
9.6% for MXLA2. On a dollar-weighted basis, for an investor since inception that has followed our capital calls, 
the Discovery Fund is up 119.2% (net of fees). 
 
Q1 2026 Local 
Currency Market 
Return 
Q1 2026 Local  
Currency Return 
Q1 2026 USD  
Market Return 
Argentina -1.8% 5.1% 3.3% 
Brazil 16.4% 6.0% 22.8% 
Chile 1.5% -2.8% -1.1% 
Colombia 10.6% 2.8% 14.2% 
Mexico 6.7% 0.4% 6.9% 
Peru 24.7% -3.4% 20.6% 
MSCI EM LatAm Index 11.7% 2.2% 14.1% 
 
Latin America’s 14.1% Q1 gain would have been even stronger had it not been for the war in Iran. As a matter 
of fact, the 15.3% rally in January was MXLA’s strongest month since evidence emerged in late 2020 that the 
Covid vaccine would work. Furthermore, the 29.8% rally in January and February in the MSCI World Metals 
& Mining subsector was the largest since the blistering commodity rally in early 2016, when commodities 
emerged from a historically brutal 2015 on the back of slow China demand and a strong dollar. Most puzzling 
is that these two stark risk-on moves coincided with a rather risk-off 15.9% two-month rally in the SPDR 
Consumer Staples Index - the largest two-month rally since the XLP ETF started trading in 1998. And then, at 
the end of these decidedly weird two months, the US went to war with Iran to cap off the quarter. 
Let's start with the positive. We had the foresight to get out of the way of a fundamentally crowded short in 
the oil space and position for the growing risk of a war. We built a long/short portfolio in energy that allowed 
us to benefit from growing tail risks, while keeping negligible risk to a continued sell-off in the oil price. As a 
result, we had one of our best quarters in the energy sector in a long time. Our reinvestment in human capital 
and dollars in this space is already paying off. We also feel that with the long-overdue bankruptcy of Canacol, 
we have finally turned the page on what has been a consistent sore spot for our sector performance. 
Similarly, we can’t help but feel good about our bold call during the "gold lollapalooza" that the metal was 
nearing a peak. This was very much against consensus and proved (at least in the very short term) to be right. 
To be clear, we still took losses in our gold book this quarter. But if we had kept drinking the Kool-Aid that 
others were drowning in during January, we would have had much larger losses in the sector. 
 
1 Annualized and monthly net returns are available in the fact sheets at the end of this letter.  
2 Annualized and monthly net returns are available in the fact sheets at the end of this letter.  
 
2 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
Likewise, in the copper and uranium space, we had the foresight to recognize when a good fundamental view 
had overextended into a trading meme. Seeing the risk of hitting an air pocket, we managed to profit from a 
long-overdue correction, driven by weaker physical demand signals. This is what we got right. Across both 
funds, commodities were the main driver of returns, accounting for more than half of the gains in the 
Discovery Fund and keeping us from having a more negative quarter in the Long/Short Fund. 
What we did not get right was the combined avalanche of capital into both Latin America and global 
Consumer Staples. These two make for strange bedfellows, and the probability of both risks having their best 
performance in a lifetime was admittedly left off our Bingo card this year. Our large short position in 
consumer staples (averaging 11% in the quarter), combined with our agnostic position on the outlook for Latin 
America in 2026, led to not only missing most of the Q1 rally in our markets, but also to taking some nasty 
losses on the short side. 
From a Monday morning quarterback position, we believe that extreme inflows and the breakdown of historic 
correlations were driven by the intersection of two things. First, the early 2026 narratives converging: growth 
broadening, currency debasement, and ex-US exposure. Second, aggressive re-risking by factors driven by pod 
shops and trend-following funds. Thankfully, this extreme episode seems to have come to an end with the US-
Iran conflict, and our portfolio has spent the last two months behaving much more in line with historical risk 
models and correlations. 
Aside from our great performance in commodities, it is worth pointing out we had a particularly weak quarter 
in domestic Brazil alpha, which we estimate cost roughly 300bps across both funds. The biggest drags were a 
managed healthcare company that continued to underperform operationally and a disastrous fintech IPO. In 
Long/Short, we also had the usual mismatch of large-cap shorts against smaller-cap longs during a period of 
strong passive and foreign inflows. While it is always hard to disassociate alpha from factor and beta in 
quarters like this one, we believe we simply failed to generate positive alpha in Brazil, and we will work hard 
to do better here for the rest of the year. 
Looking at our specific markets, Chile had the weakest quarter. With the positive election behind us, high 
valuations and an oil price shock (which hurts Chile as an importer) caused a round of profit-taking. After 
many years of being our biggest net long, we are now short Chile. We remain enthusiastic about the country’s 
future but struggle to find bottom-up ideas that justify current exposure. 
Argentina was the second weakest market in our coverage, driven by an unfavorable combination of low 
growth, high inflation, and falling popularity for Milei. While we are still long Argentina - and our commodity 
investment and export boom thesis is playing out - we share the market's increased concerns about Milei’s 
ability to manage the political and economic balance. As such, we have trimmed our domestic Argentinian 
exposure and increased our allocation to Argentinian shale oil producers. 
This quarter also saw the first round of elections in Colombia and Peru, which will conclude in Q2. We think 
the second round in Peru, contested between extreme left and right-wing candidates, will be close. However, 
the market-friendly Congress and Senate elected in the first round dramatically diminish the tail risks. We 
believe the advantage goes to the candidate on the right, given the security-focused demands of the voter, but 
we have nonetheless reduced our net exposure to Peru while we await results. 
In Colombia, a country with a much more fragile fiscal outlook, the election is more binary and, we believe, 
no less friendly to the left than in Peru. We are worried about Colombia’s election and its outlook in the years 
ahead; a bad electoral outcome could lead to a macroeconomic collapse there over the next four years. 
 
3 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
Last but not least, the October election in Brazil continues to be extremely close, heading toward an almost 
certain second round between Lula and former president Jair Bolsonaro’s son, Flavio. The economic outlook 
is perhaps less binary than Colombia's, but the re-election of Lula would introduce a high risk of non-linearity 
in Brazilian markets and the economy over the medium term. Our best guess today is that the election will be 
decided within the margin of error. 
Finally, as alluded to at the beginning, our outlook for commodities (excluding those dependent on the Iran 
conflict) is less bullish than it has been in years. We continue to run an ambitious long and short book, but we 
have less net length than we have had in a long time, and our gross exposure is pivoting away from mining 
and toward agriculture and energy. 
Are we outright bearish? We are not. We believe current valuations are not so high that they eliminate the 
possibility for upside if right-tail events come to pass. We also have little conviction in our ability to perfectly 
forecast those tails. However, given our investment style and mandate, we believe the best course of action is 
to stay focused on bottom-up opportunities, keeping capital available to deploy if a larger market dislocation 
occurs. For now, we continue to run our net length at the low end of our range. Apart from a favorable 
resolution to the Brazilian election, the single most important factor that would make us reevaluate our net 
would be better valuations that create a higher margin of safety to increase the level of risk in the book. 
 
Position Spotlight: Brink’s (BCO) / NCR Atleos (NATL) 
Back in 2012 and 2013, Brink’s crossed our radar as a Latin American company. Back then, tiny Venezuela 
accounted for a staggering 40% of its operating profit. We understood that the severe currency manipulation 
in Venezuela was behind this (at the peak we saw the black market rate being 100x the official FX rate). And 
as accountants and the market caught up, we believed the stock was due for a correction.  This happened 
around 2014 and 2015. Shortly after, the company hired a new CEO, Doug Pertz, who rightly realized that 
the “Venezuelan profit engine” led Brink’s to be complacent about its core business in the US. He shifted the 
company focus towards making the US operation efficient and profitable, which led the stock price to triple 
from 2016 to 2020. Over time, we came to appreciate the business model, develop a great deal of respect for 
Doug’s work, and expanded our coverage of the cash and underbanked universe. Today, we cover two pawn 
shops, two remittance players, three cash carriers, two ATM providers and a cash payment technology 
company in the space. In the beginning, our interest in this ecosystem came from the heavy Hispanic 
American presence in it, but over time, we came to appreciate how the universal consensus of the inevitable 
demise of cash had left a relatively large segment of the market under-researched and undervalued. 
While we have intermittently had small to medium positions in this portion of our coverage, we did not expect 
our largest position to come from it. After all, even if we think that reports of the death of cash are greatly 
exaggerated, there is no arguing with the fact that in the long term, it will lose market share. But the deal 
announced this year between Brink’s and NCR Atleos is one of the most logical and accretive industrial logic 
reorderings we have seen in our careers. The merger is giving us the opportunity to buy what should become 
the undisputed industry leader at a post-synergy valuation of 5x and a 20% free cash flow yield, and whose 
total addressable market is growing, ironically, because cash is losing market share.  
 
 
 
4 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
The Deal 
On February 26, 2026, Brink’s Company announced a definitive agreement to acquire NCR Atleos 
Corporation in a cash-and-stock transaction with an implied enterprise value of approximately $6.6 billion, 
inclusive of assumed debt. Each NCR Atleos share will receive $30.00 in cash and 0.1574 shares of Brink’s 
common stock, implying $50.40 per share based on Brink’s closing price on February 25th. Post-closing, 
Brink’s shareholders will own approximately 78% and NCR Atleos shareholders approximately 22% of the 
combined company. The cash portion is financed through a combination of cash on balance sheet and $4.5 
billion in committed bridge financing. The transaction is expected to close in Q1 2027, subject to customary 
regulatory and shareholder approvals. 
The combined entity is expected to generate approximately $10 billion in revenue, $2 billion in adjusted 
EBITDA, in excess of $1 billion in annual free cash flow and have a market cap of ~$5.5 billion. Management 
is guiding to at least 35% EPS accretion in year one, supported by $200 million of identified run-rate cost 
synergies expected within three years at a 1:1 cost-to-capture ratio. 
 
Vertical Integration of a Fragmented Value Chain 
The core strategic logic is vertical integration. ATM ownership and operation have historically been 
fragmented across hardware manufacturers, software providers, cash logistics operators, maintenance 
providers, and transaction processors. While this modular structure enables specialization, it introduces 
coordination costs, misaligned SLAs, diffuse accountability, and execution friction, particularly in routing, 
maintenance scheduling, and incident resolution. These frictions increase total cost of ownership and have 
constrained broader adoption of outsourced ATM management despite its economic rationale. 
The combination internalizes this fragmented value chain within a single operating platform. Post-transaction, 
the combined entity will control hardware design and manufacturing, software and network management, 
cash logistics, field service and maintenance, and transaction processing. This enables a more integrated 
operating model in which coordination costs are reduced, service delivery is streamlined, duplicative overhead 
is eliminated, and network density is optimized. Unified control enhances visibility and accountability, 
enabling higher system reliability and faster issue resolution. 
 
Route Density and Retail Ecosystem Optimization 
Brink’s operates a massive fleet of armored vehicles servicing retail and bank locations globally. NCR Atleos 
manages the world’s largest ATM installed base, including a network of owned and operated ATMs in high-
traffic retail locations (7-Eleven, CVS, Walgreens and Target, among others). 
Today, both companies frequently dispatch separate vehicles to the same retail location - Brink’s for Digital 
Retail Solutions (DRS) device servicing, and an NCR Atleos-subcontracted cash-in-transit (CIT) provider for 
ATM replenishment. This duplication is costly and inefficient. The combined entity can optimize routes to 
serve multiple devices per stop, cross-train field technicians to handle both ATM maintenance and DRS 
servicing and reduce the number of truck rolls per location. Brink’s has already demonstrated the power of this 
approach in North America, where revenue per vehicle increased 14% in 2025. The integration of NCR 
Atleos’s installed base will dramatically expand the density of serviceable locations, amplifying these gains. 
 
5 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
 
Source: Brink’s 
For retailers, this is a compelling value proposition: a single provider handling the entire cash and payments 
ecosystem within the store (ATM replenishment, DRS device management, cash coordination at the register, 
and first-line maintenance) under one contract, with fewer vendor visits and higher uptime. 
 
The Deal Will Accelerate ATMaaS and AMS/DRS Growth Vectors 
Both companies have independently identified managed services and outsourcing as their primary growth 
engines, and both are delivering impressive results. Brink’s AMS/DRS segment grew 22% organically in Q4 
2025 (19% for the full year). NCR Atleos’s ATMaaS business grew 33% in 2025, with unique customers up 
40% year-over-year. 
The combination accelerates both trajectories. NCR Atleos customers exploring outsourced cash logistics 
must today subcontract to a CIT provider in an arm’s-length relationship that inherently limits optimization. 
Post-merger, cash logistics become an internal capability, fully optimizable with the rest of the service stack. 
Similarly, Brink’s customers asking about full ATM outsourcing today must be referred to a third-party 
hardware and software partner, a friction that introduces execution risk and complexity. Post-merger, the 
commercial team can offer a seamless end-to-end solution. 
The addressable market today is $28 billion in traditional cash management plus $8 billion in existing ATM 
managed services, with a 2–3x expansion potential as the integrated offering unlocks previously unaddressable 
segments. The combined entity is uniquely positioned to catalyze the bank outsourcing wave that both 
management teams believe is in its early innings. 
 
Synergy Analysis: The Announced $200M and Why We Think It’s Conservative 
Management has identified $200 million in annual pre-tax run-rate cost synergies, expected to be fully realized 
within three years of closing, with an estimated 1:1 cost-to-capture ratio ($200M of one-time implementation 
costs over three years). The synergy target breaks into three buckets: 

 
6 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
• Total ($200M): 
o Pre-tax annual run-rate; 1:1 cost-to-capture; fully realized within 3 years. 
• SG&A (~$105M): 
o Elimination of duplicative public company costs, streamlining of corporate functions, 
optimization of overlapping SG&A structures. 
• Service Network (~$70M): 
o Insourcing of logistics and field services, optimization of cash placement, route efficiencies 
from overlapping service networks. 
• Procurement (~$25M): 
o Leveraging combined purchasing power across materials, third-party services, fleet vehicles 
and capital equipment. 
The SG&A bucket is the largest and most straightforward: eliminating one set of public company costs (audit, 
board, SEC compliance, investor relations, executive compensation), consolidating corporate headquarters 
functions, and rationalizing overlapping commercial and administrative teams. Management expressed high 
confidence in this category, noting these savings are “readily and easily” achievable. 
The service network bucket consists of three components: first, the migration of NCR Atleos’s CIT 
procurement onto Brink’s internal logistics network. NCR Atleos currently sources CIT from Loomis, 
GardaWorld, and regional providers, among others. Second, the reverse insourcing of Brink’s ATM fleet 
services onto NCR Atleos’s maintenance and software platform; and third, route optimization from 
consolidating overlapping truck routes across both companies’ field operations. The assumption underpinning 
the $70 million is that substantially all of NCR Atleos’s CIT volume migrates to Brink’s in geographies where 
Brink’s has an existing footprint. 
The procurement bucket captures scale-driven purchasing efficiencies across the combined $10 billion revenue 
base, including fleet vehicles, spare parts, cash processing equipment, IT infrastructure, and professional 
services. 
 
The Unannounced Synergy: Revenue Cross-Selling – The Whole-Store Ecosystem 
This is, in our view, the most underappreciated value creation lever in the entire transaction. No revenue 
synergies were included in the $200 million target or in the financial return calculations presented to investors. 
Yet the revenue synergy opportunity is substantial. 
1. Brink’s Digital Retail Solutions into NCR Atleos retail locations: The combined sales force can offer the 
retailer an integrated package: the ATM managed by NCR Atleos technology, the DRS device managed 
by Brink’s, and both serviced on the same truck route by the same cross-trained technician. This is a 
directly addressable, low friction upsell. NCR Atleos operates approximately 78,000 ATMs in retail 
locations globally, of which we estimate roughly 75,000 are in geographies where Brink’s has an existing 
presence. In the United States, where Brink’s holds approximately one-third of CIT market share, roughly 
two-thirds of those locations — approximately 50,000 — do not currently receive Brink’s services and 
represent addressable white space for DRS. On average we estimate the ARPU is ~$700/month for a DRS 
unit, operating at around 30% operating margin, which would result in 50,000 × ($700 × 12) × 30% = 
$126 million in additional synergies. 
 
 
7 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
2. ATMaaS into Brink’s retail customers: Brink’s serves thousands of retail locations with CIT and DRS 
services where it does not currently manage the ATM. We estimate Brink’s currently serves over 100,000 
retail locations with DRS. Not all of them would fit an ATM, but if we assume 10% penetration at an 
estimated ATMaaS operating margin of approximately 30%, we arrive at roughly $25 million in 
additional synergies, where the combined entity can offer a full ATM outsourcing proposal: hardware, 
software, monitoring, maintenance, and cash logistics, all under a single contract. 
 
3. Integrated AMS/DRS solutions for retailers: The “whole store efficiency” concept, where a single 
provider handles the ATM, the smart safe, the cash recycler, and all associated logistics within a retail 
location is a genuinely new value proposition that neither company could fully deliver independently. For 
large retail chains managing thousands of locations, the operational simplification and cost savings of 
consolidating from three or four vendors to just one are substantial. This is likely to drive both new 
customer acquisition and deeper penetration of existing accounts. This contribution is hard to quantify 
and would come from an uplift in conversion rates. 
In aggregate, we estimate total synergy potential of at least $350 million, comprising $200 million of 
announced cost synergies and an estimated at least $150 million of revenue-driven operating profit from cross-
selling (which was not included in management’s guidance). We believe both the cost and revenue synergies 
can be substantially realized within three years of closing, given that the commercial motions required are 
extensions of existing sales processes rather than new market development. To put this into perspective, $350 
million represents roughly one-third of the combined entity’s pre-tax earnings. 
 
Valuation 
The $6.6 billion implied enterprise value equates to approximately 7.2x NCR Atleos’ 2026 consensus 
EBITDA and a ~9% free cash flow yield, representing a highly compelling entry multiple. Including an 
estimated $200 million of synergies, the effective acquisition multiple declines to below 6x, an attractive 
valuation for a business with mid-single-digit organic growth and an increasing mix of higher-margin 
subscription revenue. 
The transaction is expected to be at least 35% accretive to EPS in year one (based on 2027 consensus 
estimates), which is unusually high for a strategic acquisition of this scale. 
On a combined basis, the companies generated $762 million of free cash flow in 2025 (Brink’s: $436 million at 
45% conversion; NCR Atleos: $326 million at 39% conversion). Post-closing, including synergies, 
management is targeting over $1 billion of annual free cash flow at ~42% conversion. 
Pro forma net leverage at closing is expected to be approximately 3.4x (pre-synergies) or 3.1x (including 
synergies), declining to below 3.0x by year-end 2027. Once within the target leverage range of 2.0–3.0x 
EBITDA, management has indicated a clear intention to shift toward enhanced shareholder returns. 
At current levels, the market appears to be underwriting little to no synergy realization, creating a disconnect 
between pro forma earnings power and valuation. 
On our estimates, the stock trades at ~6.8x 2027 P/E and ~5.0x 2029 P/E, the point at which full synergies 
should be realized. If we were to assume the $350M synergies pro forma already in 2027, stock would be 
trading at 5.4x 2027 P/E. Prior to the deal announcement, Brink’s was trading at approximately 13.5x 2027 
P/E. 
 
8 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
Our pro forma DCF implies 125% upside from current levels. We believe the risk/reward is highly skewed, 
with the potential for significant multiple re-rating as synergies are realized and leverage declines. 
 
Brink’s (BCO) 
Brink’s is one of the oldest and most established firms in the global market for secure logistics and cash 
management services. Founded in 1859 in Chicago, the company evolved over more than 160 years from a 
local express delivery service into the world’s largest cash management platform, operating across more than 
100 countries with approximately 65,000 employees, ~1,200 facilities, and a fleet of ~16,000 armored and 
specialized vehicles. The company’s visible branding—its distinctive shield logo and marke d vehicles— was 
deliberately designed to signal security strength, reflecting an early understanding of security as both a 
physical and psychological function. This infrastructure is difficult to replicate due to regulatory barriers, 
capital intensity, operational complexity, and the importance of long-standing customer relationships, all of 
which contribute to high barriers to entry. 
Brink’s business model is built around two broad categories: Cash and Valuables Management (CVM), and 
ATM Managed Services and Digital Retail Solutions (AMS/DRS). CVM remains the core, accounting for 
roughly 72% of 2025 revenue ($3.8 billion). This segment includes cash-in-transit (CIT), money processing, 
vault outsourcing, and Brink’s Global Services (BGS), a high-value logistics business handling diamonds, 
precious metals, electronics, pharmaceuticals, and luxury goods.  
 
  Service line Description 
Cash Value 
Management 
Cash-in-transit 
(CIT) 
Secure transportation of cash and valuables between retailers, financial 
institutions and central banks, including currency, bullion and precious metals. 
Basic ATM 
services 
Cash replenishment, treasury management and first line maintenance for ATM 
owners and operators. 
High-value 
services 
Brink's Global 
Services (BGS) 
Secure transport of diamonds, jewelry, precious metals, securities, electronics 
and fine art, plus customs clearance, storage and inventory management. 
Cash management 
services 
Money processing (counting, sorting, wrapping, bill condition checks), check 
imaging, counterfeit detection, account consolidation and electronic reporting. 
Vaulting services 
End-to-end vault outsourcing for banks, combining secure storage, cash 
management and electronic reporting to minimize investment in vaults and 
branch facilities. 
Digital Retail 
Solutions (DRS) 
Smart devices, software and analytics delivering integrated cash management for 
customers of all sizes, with faster access to working capital and treasury 
management integration. 
ATM Managed 
Services (AMS) 
Full outsourced ATM management covering cash forecasting, optimization, 
remote monitoring, transaction processing, maintenance, parts provisioning and 
installation. 
Other services Guarding services, commercial security systems services, and payment services. 
            
Source: Brink’s company data 
 
 
9 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
Route density, measured as customers served per mile, drives profitability in this business. Brink’s scale 
enables it to spread fixed fleet and labor costs across a revenue base that smaller competitors cannot replicate. 
Its insurance and reinsurance capabilities reinforce this advantage, since underwriting large value cash 
movements requires complex, customized coverage programs and the financial capacity to self-insure at scale, 
which many rivals lack. 
The CIT industry has historically been prone to aggressive price competition on contract renewals, but this 
dynamic has shifted materially. The pivot toward technology-enabled solutions (DRS, AMS, ATMaaS) has 
moved competition from price to capability, favoring scaled players with integrated platforms and reducing 
the risk of margin-destructive price wars. 
These structural barriers help keep the global cash logistics industry concentrated among a few large operators, 
with Brink’s as the clear leader. Brink’s holds a top two position in the United States, Canada, France, 
Mexico, Argentina, and Brazil, their top six largest markets. While Loomis and Prosegur Cash maintain 
strong regional positions, they do not match Brink’s global integration, and GardaWorld remains primarily 
focused on North America. In most countries the top two or three players collectively control most of industry 
share. 
In 2025, Brink’s generated approximately $5.3 billion in revenue, meaningfully exceeding Loomis, the second-
largest player.  
 
Company 2025 Revenue Countries Regional Footprint 
The Brink's 
Company $5.3bn 100+ North America, Latin America, 
Europe, Rest of World (MEAA) 
Loomis AB $3.3bn 27 USA, Europe, Latin America 
Prosegur Cash $2.3bn 33 Europe, Latin America, Asia-Oceania-
Africa (AOA) 
GardaWorld $1.9bn 2 North America 
Source: Brink’s company filings 
In 2013, Latin America was the economic core of Brink’s business, accounting for 44% of consolidated 
revenues and 59% of segment operating profit. Within the region, Venezuela was a central contributor, 
generating $447 million of reported revenue, $66M operating income 40% of the total and growing 31% year-
over-year, making it the fourth-largest market globally on revenues and the most relevant one on operating 
income However, the scale and growth of the Venezuelan business were heavily influenced by the use of the 
official Bolivar exchange rate. At parallel market rates, revenue would have been approximately $400 million 
lower, implying underlying economic revenue closer to $50 million. Beginning in February 2013, when the 
government devalued the Bolivar by 32% (from 4.30 to 6.30 per dollar), and continuing through subsequent 
exchange mechanisms such as SICAD II in 2014, the currency progressively weakened before collapsing into 
hyperinflation by 2016–2018. As a result, the reported revenue base in Venezuela was largely eliminated, and 
today the country remains only as an optionality for Brink’s. 
Brink’s organizes its operations into four geographic segments. As of 2025, North America is the largest 
contributor, while Latin America generates higher margins, resulting in profitability comparable to North 
America despite a smaller revenue base. Europe remains a meaningful contributor but at lower margins, while 
the rest of the world provides growth opportunities, particularly in high value logistics. 
 
10 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
 
Source: Brink’s      Source: Brink’s 
Strategic Transformation into a Digital Cash Management Platform 
Led by former CEO Doug Pertz, Brink’s strategic evolution over the last decade has progressed from 
operational repair to network densification to technology-led business model transformation. 
Strategy 1.0 (2017–2019) focused on operational excellence: pricing discipline, route optimization, branch 
consolidation, fleet modernization, and labor productivity. Over this period, Brink’s delivered ~27% revenue 
growth (~7% average annual organic), 81% adjusted EBITDA growth, and operating margin improvement of 
over 300 basis points.  
Strategy 1.5 (2020) extended this foundation by increasing network density, expanding higher-value services, 
and proving that Brink’s infrastructure - vehicles, vaults, and routes - could support a broader platform beyond 
traditional CIT. 
Strategy 2.0 (from ~2021) marked the inflection point, layering digital solutions and managed services onto 
the physical network. The company framed growth as ~4% from the core business and ~3% incremental from 
digital and managed services, while margins improved through both productivity and revenue mix. By 2025, 
AMS and DRS had reached $1.46 billion (28% of total revenue, up from 10% in 2020), with organic growth of 
~19%. Below the revenue breakdown by segment. 
 
             Source: Brink’s 
North 
america
33%
Latam
25%
Europe
27%
Rest of 
world
15%
Revenue Breakdown by Region (2025)
North 
america
29%
Latam
29%
Europe
21%
Rest of 
world
21%
EBIT Breakdown by Region (2025)
10% 13% 16% 21% 24% 28%
90% 87% 84% 79% 76% 72%
3,691
4,200 4,536 4,875 5,012 5,261
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
DRS + AMS CVM
 
11 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
Digital Retail Solutions (DRS) 
DRS differentiates Brink’s from traditional cash logistics providers. The platform centers on two patented 
product families, Brink’s Complete and CompuSafe, which together digitize the retail cash management cycle. 
A merchant deposits cash into a connected smart safe located in-store, and the deposit is automatically 
recorded and transmitted. Through a proprietary platform, the retailer can track all cash activity in real time 
across locations. Through Brink’s Capital, the merchant receives next-business-day credit in its bank account 
even though the physical cash remains in the safe until collected. This transforms cash from a manual, delayed 
process into a digitally visible and rapidly accessible financial asset. 
The benefits to the retailer are immediate and operationally meaningful. Internal theft is significantly reduced 
because cash is secured and digitally tracked at the point of deposit. Manual bank runs are eliminated, 
lowering both labor costs and security risk. Access to working capital is accelerated, improving liquidity. 
Integration with treasury systems provides real-time visibility and control across multiple locations. Store 
closing procedures can be reduced from 30–45 minutes to just a few minutes. 
In a traditional CIT model, armored vehicles operate on fixed schedules, collecting cash regardless of actual 
volume. With DRS, financial settlement is decoupled from physical transport because the retailer receives 
credit immediately. Brink’s effectively takes ownership of the cash at deposit, allowing collections to be 
scheduled dynamically based on actual safe fill levels. This enables route optimization, reduces unnecessary 
stops, and improves labor utilization. DRS introduces a fundamentally different revenue model: instead of 
being paid per pickup, Brink’s generates recurring, multi-year subscription revenue from devices, software, and 
services. These revenues carry structurally higher margins than traditional CIT. 
The platform is supported by a meaningful patent portfolio spanning both software workflows and smart-safe 
hardware. Key patents cover: (i) centralized systems that connect electronic safes to a processing platform to 
enable immediate crediting and reconciliation of deposits; (ii) methods for creating, validating, and tracking 
cash deposits in real time from the point of deposit through bank settlement; (iii) integration between point-of-
sale systems and electronic drop safes to automate transaction recording and visibility; (iv) smart-safe 
architectures that support secure deposit handling and communication with remote systems; (v) modular safe 
designs that allow components to be replaced or reconfigured without replacing the full unit; and (vi) 
controlled access and servicing mechanisms that enable secure interaction between retailers and armored 
personnel. These patents extend from 2028 to 2040 and protect both the end-to-end digital deposit workflow 
and the underlying physical infrastructure. 
 
ATM Managed Services (AMS) 
AMS represents the equivalent transformation on the financial institution side. Rather than simply 
replenishing ATMs, Brink’s provides a fully integrated outsourcing solution covering the entire ATM lifecycle: 
cash forecasting and optimization, remote monitoring, service call dispatching, transaction processing, first- 
and second-line maintenance, parts provisioning, funds settlement, and full device installation. In certain 
cases, Brink’s also assumes ownership of the ATM hardware, further embedding itself in the customer’s 
operations and increasing switching costs. 
The value proposition is straightforward: outsourcing to Brink’s is typically more cost-effective and reliable 
than managing ATMs internally. Banks no longer need to coordinate multiple vendors across logistics, 
maintenance, software, and monitoring. Brink’s becomes the single operating layer managing the ATM estate.  
 
12 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
This is particularly powerful because Brink’s already owns the most capital-intensive part of the value chain, 
the cash logistics infrastructure. By layering software, monitoring, and coordination on top, Brink’s delivers 
operating leverage: each additional ATM increases network density and spreads fixed costs. 
Brink’s has strengthened capabilities through partnerships such as its relationship with KAL ATM Software, 
enabling it to operate across multi-vendor ATM fleets via a hardware-agnostic platform. Like DRS, AMS 
contracts are structured as multi-year agreements with recurring revenue, representing a structural shift from 
transaction-based CIT pricing to a more predictable, subscription-like revenue base. 
 
A Disciplined M&A History Suggests Execution Upside 
Brink’s acquisition history shows a deliberate, structured M&A program focused on route density, network 
efficiency, and expanding into adjacent cash-management services. The inflection point was the Dunbar 
Armored acquisition in 2018 for approximately $520 million. Dunbar generated about $390 million in revenue 
and $43 million in EBITDA; Brink’s targeted $40–45 million of annual cost synergies within three years and 
realized $24 million by 2019, exceeding the original target. 
Subsequent acquisitions extended both geographic reach and capabilities. The $130 million Rodoban 
acquisition strengthened Brazil, while Balance Innovations marked a shift toward software-enabled retail cash 
management. The G4S cash operations added businesses across 17 markets with roughly $800 million in pro 
forma revenue and $115 million in EBITDA. More recently, the 2021 acquisition of PAI ($213 million; 
~100,000 ATMs; ~$30 million EBITDA) and the 2022 acquisition of NoteMachine (~$185 million; $131 
million revenue; $36 million EBITDA) moved Brink’s into recurring, technology-enabled ATM services. 
This track record provides a credible foundation for value creation, positioning the company well to execute 
on the larger and more transformative NCR Atleos transaction. 
 
NCR Atleos 
NCR Atleos is a financial technology infrastructure company focused on enabling self-service banking and 
expanding physical access to financial services, particularly cash. It originated from NCR Corporation, a firm 
founded in 1884 in Dayton, Ohio as the National Cash Register Company, which became one of the 
foundational enterprises in transaction-processing technology. Following decades of evolution from 
mechanical cash registers into electronic systems, banking infrastructure, and software, NCR underwent a 
corporate separation in October 2023 that created NCR Atleos as an independent, publicly traded company 
focused on banking, ATM infrastructure, and financial access networks. 
A critical step in the formation of what became NCR Atleos was the June 2021 acquisition of Cardtronics for 
approximately $2.5 billion, including assumed debt. Cardtronics was the world’s largest independent ATM 
operator, managing more than 285,000 ATMs across North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. Its flagship 
asset was the Allpoint network, a surcharge-free ATM network with more than 55,000 locations in retail 
environments such as pharmacies, grocery stores, and convenience stores. The acquisition transformed the 
business model from primarily supplying ATM hardware and software to actively operating a large-scale 
financial access network. 
 
 
13 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
The strategic logic was twofold. First, it allowed participation in transaction-based revenue streams rather than 
relying mainly on equipment sales. Second, it provided a platform to serve digital banks, fintech companies, 
and other financial institutions that lacked physical distribution networks. Through Allpoint, these institutions 
offer customers widespread cash access without investing in branches or proprietary ATM fleets. 
This platform dynamic is particularly powerful in the context of digital-first banking. Neobanks and fintech 
challengers such as Chime, SoFi, Cash App, and dozens of regional digital banks have built their models 
around zero-branch economics, yet their customers still need access to physical cash. Allpoint is their lifeline: 
it provides these institutions with a turnkey, surcharge-free ATM network embedded in high-traffic retail 
locations without requiring any physical infrastructure investment. More than 1,100 financial institutions 
currently access the Allpoint network, serving over 75 million cardholders. Post-merger, this relationship 
becomes stickier and more deeply integrated: the combined entity would control the hardware, the software, 
the cash logistics, and the network participation economics for every Allpoint endpoint. The breadth and 
reliability of the combined platform would be difficult to replicate through any alternative arrangement. 
 
Current Operations and Scale 
NCR Atleos operates at significant global scale. The company employs approximately 20,000 people and 
supports a network of more than 600,000 ATMs worldwide, including approximately 78,000 it owns and 
operates in high-traffic retail locations. Its service organization includes roughly 7,500 field service engineers, 
performing approximately 16 million service calls annually. The company operates ATM networks in 12 
countries and provides servicing capabilities across approximately 65 countries. Its primary manufacturing 
facility is in Chennai, India, which achieved record production levels in 2025, supported by partner facilities in 
Budapest, Hungary, and Chihuahua, Mexico. 
NCR Atleos holds the leading position with approximately 36% market share, narrowly ahead of Diebold at 
35%. Hyosung ranks a distant third with 15%, highlighting the gap between the top two players and the rest of 
the market. The remaining competitors account for a combined 14%, underscoring the industry’s 
concentration at the top.  
Independent survey data
3 shows NCR Atleos as the clear incumbent of choice, leading on NPS (53 vs. 
Diebold's 38 and Hyosung's -25), with clients consistently citing reliability, resilience, and deep operational 
expertise. Diebold remains the closest scaled alternative but carries more mixed sentiment, reliable hardware 
offset by concerns around pricing, uneven service quality, and lingering perceptions of financial instability 
following its 2023 emergence from Chapter 11. Hyosung competes primarily on price but struggles to displace 
incumbents in risk-sensitive environments due to weaker service execution. As the industry shifts toward 
outsourcing and ATMaaS, the competitive axis is moving from hardware specification to end-to-end 
execution capability, a shift that structurally favors NCR Atleos and, post-merger, the combined entity. 
 
 
 
 
3 Leadedge Atleos Survey, conducted March 2025 
 
14 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
  Service line Description 
Foundational 
ATM 
Field services On-site installation, maintenance and repair for proprietary and third-party 
ATM hardware across a multivendor service network. 
Software 
Proprietary AMP platform sold on recurring multi-year contracts, covering 
device management, transaction processing, cash management and endpoint 
security. 
Hardware 
Multi-function ATMs, ITMs, cash dispensers and cash recycling ATMs, sold 
with or without embedded AMP software as an on ramp to broader managed 
services. 
Network 
Retail network 
80k+ ATMs at major retailers earning surcharge and interchange fees. Bank-
branding arrangements allow financial institutions and fintechs to expand 
surcharge-free. 
Allpoint 
55k+ ATM locations serving 75mn+ cardholders across 1,100+ institutions 
surcharge-free, with digital-to-cash conversion via ReadyCode and Bitcoin via 
LibertyX. 
ATMaaS Channel 
outsourcing 
End-to-end outsourced ATM channel management covering cash, processing, 
software and maintenance on a monthly or per-transaction fee basis. 
Source: NCR Atleos 
Business Segments 
Self-Service Banking (SSB): The largest segment, generating approximately $2.85 billion in 2025 revenue (up 
7% YoY), roughly 65% of total revenue. SSB includes ATM and ITM hardware, software platforms, 
installation, maintenance, and managed services. In 2025, approximately 72% of SSB revenue was derived 
from software and services. ATM hardware revenue grew 14%, driven by record production at Chennai. 
Network: Anchored by the Allpoint platform, contributing approximately $1.25 billion in 2025 revenue 
(~29% of total). Revenue is driven by transaction volumes, interchange fees, network participation fees, and 
service agreements, a usage-based, scalable model. Changing U.S. immigration policy reduced prepaid payroll 
card activity, which generates surcharge and transaction revenue at Allpoint-affiliated ATMs. The Network 
segment returned to growth in Q4 2025 as surcharge-free, deposit, and ReadyCode transaction growth offset 
weakness in surcharge transactions. 
T&T: A smaller, declining segment (~$170 million 2025 revenue) as legacy Voyix-related agreements wind 
down. 
 
Source: NCR Atleos    Source: NCR Atleos 
Services
34%
Software
12%Hardware
20%
Network
29%
T&T
4%
Others
1%
Revenue by segment (2025)
US
45%
Americas ex. U.S.
12%
EMEA
31%
APAC
11%
Revenue by region (2025)
 
15 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
ATMaaS: The Growth Engine 
ATMaaS is a turnkey platform where NCR Atleos operates the entire ATM channel on behalf of financial 
institutions and retailers. The operational scope extends well beyond basic hardware maintenance to include 
back-office operations, software management, ATM deployment, real-time monitoring, transaction 
processing, and complete cash and cash-in-transit management. By bundling these functions into a single 
contract, ATMaaS allows customers to leverage Atleos’s scale and vertically integrated capabilities rather than 
purchasing distinct products from multiple vendors. 
This stands in sharp contrast to the legacy SSB model, which is transactional and hardware-centric: a bank 
purchases the ATM, licenses software separately, and relies on NCR primarily for break/fix maintenance, 
while retaining cash, security, and network integration in-house or across fragmented outsourced providers. 
The economic case for outsourcing is reinforced by the fact that ATMs are fundamentally cost centers for 
most financial institutions. They do not generate direct revenue, but customer demand and regulatory 
mandates require their maintenance. This creates a structural incentive to minimize the cost and management 
burden of the ATM channel, which favors providers offering fully integrated, outcome-based service models. 
ATMs follow a 6–9 year hardware refresh cycle, and each refresh represents a natural decision point at which 
financial institutions re-evaluate their operating model.  
Independent research from Datos Insights (March 2025) reinforces the ATMaaS value proposition from the 
customer’s perspective. The report identifies a four-stage “ATM Continuum” - from traditional do-it-yourself 
to managed services to advanced services to full ATMaaS - and finds that financial institutions are migrating 
steadily toward the outsourced end. The benefits extend well beyond cost savings: institutions adopting 
ATMaaS report enhanced operational stability, improved data analytics, optimized network efficiency, and 
the ability to reallocate resources toward digital banking initiatives. ATMaaS consolidates what are often 10 or 
more separate vendor relationships into a single partnership, precisely the fragmentation the Brink’s/Atleos 
combination is designed to eliminate. Smaller FIs report 5–45% operating efficiency gains, while larger 
institutions like Santander UK (1,700 ATMs) and Seacoast Bank have adopted ATMaaS to free up internal 
resources and improve customer satisfaction. Seacoast Bank’s COO described the partnership as allowing the 
bank to “develop excellence in this channel without diverting attention from strategic growth objectives.” 
Among institutions likely to adopt ATMaaS over the next 2–3 years, NCR Atleos holds 43% of intended 
purchases, roughly 3x ahead of Diebold according to the same survey. 
 
Source: NCR Atleos Survey from Lead Edge 

 
16 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
ATMaaS contracts are structured as fixed monthly subscriptions spanning 5–10 years. Atleos estimates this 
model generates 2.5x more revenue per customer and 3.5x more FCF over an average 7-year contract life 
versus the legacy contract. 
  
Source: NCR Atleos 
The unit economics reinforce the rationale. Gross margins on new ATMaaS contracts reach ~57% versus 
~40% under legacy, reflecting the higher-value software and services mix. The tradeoff is a longer payback: 
Atleos assumes hardware ownership (~$10k/unit), extending FCF breakeven to ~22 months versus contract 
start under legacy pricing. To mitigate this, Atleos has increasingly pursued asset-light structures where the FI 
retains or buys the ATM upfront, capturing high-margin outsourcing economics while preserving balance 
sheet flexibility. 
 
Industry Context 
The Death of Cash is a Myth 
The hypothesis that cash is approaching obsolescence is not supported by aggregate monetary data. In the 
United States, currency in circulation rose from approximately $1 trillion in 2011 to nearly $2.5 trillion in 
2025. In the euro area, total euro banknotes reached approximately €1.6 trillion by end-2025, roughly 
doubling relative to 2011. Central bank analyses consistently emphasize this expansion has persisted despite 
rapid diffusion of digital payment technologies. 
The apparent contradiction is resolved by distinguishing between transactional and asset/precautionary 
demand for currency. Payment innovation reduces the need for cash at the point of sale but does not eliminate 
demand arising from portfolio allocation, precautionary motives, or institutional constraints. Roughly half of 
U.S. dollar banknotes circulate abroad, functioning as a store of value in economies with weaker monetary 
credibility—this external demand is largely insensitive to domestic digital paymen t adoption. As of 2024, cash 
still represented approximately 52% of global point-of-sale transaction volumes, with even higher penetration 
in Latin America and the Middle East. In the eurozone, cash usage fell from 72% of transactions in 2019 to 
52% in 2024, yet 62% of the population still considers the option to pay in cash “very or fairly important.” 
Declining share but resilient absolute usage underpins structural demand for cash infrastructure services. 
Datos Insights’ Global ATM Market Intelligence data further reinforces this point: while the volume of cash 
withdrawals has stabilized at approximately 65–70 billion annually since 2021, the value of cash withdrawn 
continues to rise and is expected to keep growing for the next years. Value is growing, and the infrastructure  
Legacy SSB contract FCF economics    ATMaaS SSB contract FCF economics  
Year Revenue Gross profit* Capex FCF  Year Revenue Gross profit* Capex FCF 
1 13.1  2.7  - 2.7   1 11.6  5.0  (10.0) (5.0) 
2 3.3  1.3  - 1.3   2 11.9  6.8  - 6.8  
3 3.4  1.4  - 1.4   3 12.3  7.0  - 7.0  
4 3.5  1.4  - 1.4   4 12.7  7.2  - 7.2  
5 3.6  1.4  - 1.4   5 13.0  7.5  - 7.5  
6 3.7  1.5  - 1.5   6 13.4  7.7  - 7.7  
7 3.8  1.5  - 1.5   7 13.8  7.9  - 7.9  
Total 34.4  11.2  - 11.2   Total 88.7  49.1  (10.0) 39.1  
* SG&A is relatively similar in both product offerings 
 
 
17 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
that enables this flow is becoming more complex and expensive to manage, creating the structural demand 
that drives outsourcing. 
 
Source: FED      Source: ECB 
 
  Source: Fed      Source: ECB 
 
European Regulatory Tailwinds: Cash Access Mandates 
A powerful and underappreciated tailwind for the combined entity comes from Europe. The European 
Commission proposed legislation in 2023 to guarantee cash access and acceptance throughout the Eurozone. 
Several member states have moved ahead: Sweden requires banks to provide cash services in rural areas; 
Spain has mandated ATM maintenance in underserved municipalities; Germany enforces robust consumer 
protections around cash acceptance. 
The ECB has emphasized that comprehensive ATM networks remain “indispensable.” As bank branches 
close, a trend accelerating across Europe for over a decade, the burden of maintaining cash access falls on 
outsourced providers. 
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
2,500
3,000
US currency in circulation ($bn)
6% CAGR
500
700
900
1,100
1,300
1,500
1,700
1,900
Euro currency in circulation ($bn)
5% CAGR
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
2,500
US currency in circulation by note 
($bn)
$100 $50 $20 ≤ $10
83%
5%
9%
3%
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
2,500
Euro currency in circulation by note 
(€bn)
€ 500 € 200 € 100
6%
3%
7%
11%
26%
47%
 
18 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
Physical Infrastructure Is Still Key for Customers 
“We will continue to double down on branches... our goal is to reach 70% of the U.S. population within a short drive of a 
Chase branch.” - Jamie Dimon 
ATMs remain deeply relevant. The Datos Insights 2024 consumer survey (2,500 U.S. respondents) illustrates 
the channel’s stickiness: 57% of consumers use an ATM at least monthly, with 26% using at least once a week. 
Only 13% of consumers report never using an ATM, a figure lower than the “never” rate for branch visits 
(19%). 
 
Source: Datos Insights 
While the global ATM base is declining modestly (~2.9 million units today), ATM usage is becoming more 
periodic and purpose-driven, increasingly embedded within hybrid service models including outsourcing and 
ATMaaS. More than half of ATMs are now deployed off-site, and outsourcing models are expanding.  
In North America, banks are replacing low-functionality units with advanced machines and forming IAD 
partnerships. Growth in emerging markets (Middle East, Africa, Central and Eastern Europe) continues to 
offset declines elsewhere, driven by financial inclusion and persistent cash demand. APAC (led by China’s 
mobile payment adoption) shows the sharpest contraction, while Western Europe sees steady rationalization.  
Most ATM managers surveyed expect the installed fleet to remain stable or grow over the next 2–3 years, with 
fleet composition shifting toward multi-function ATMs and ITMs. Atleos is well-positioned: 39% of financial 
institutions indicated they intend to increase their Atleos device mix, placing it ahead of all other OEMs. 
Below is the expected change in ATM fleets according to the Datos Insights survey. 
 
 
 
 

 
19 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
 
Source: NCR Atleos Survey from Lead Edge 
 
The backdrop for physical banking is similarly constructive. Large U.S. banks continue investing in branches. 
J.P. Morgan is actively expanding: 60% of the U.S. population is within a 10-minute drive of a Chase branch, 
with a target to reach 70%. Wells Fargo has opened significant new branches and is focused on targeted 
growth. Citi has been more moderate, and Bank of America has kept its footprint largely stable, but none of 
the major banks are pursuing meaningful closures. This sustained investment reinforces demand for ATM 
hardware and services. 
 
Outsourcing Increases for Complex and Specialized Operations 
The industry is no longer about expanding ATM counts, but about migrating up the value chain. Banks are 
outsourcing end-to-end ATM operations to specialized providers, and the shift toward subscription-based 
ATMaaS is accelerating rapidly. 
Outsourcing penetration varies by function. Marketing management, call center support, hardware 
procurement, and cash forecasting remain predominantly in-house (64–75%). But outsourcing rises materially 
for operationally intensive functions: real-time monitoring, cash vaulting, software management, first- and 
second-line maintenance, and CIT see outsourced penetration of 54–96%. Both Atleos and Brink’s are active 
across these higher-outsourcing categories. Brink’s is particularly strong in cash vaulting (55% outsourced) and 
CIT (77% outsourced), while Atleos does not currently play in cash vaulting. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
20 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
 
Source: NCR Atleos Survey from Lead Edge 
 
Cash Recycler Adoption Outlook 
Cash recyclers are ATMs that can accept deposited banknotes, validate and store them, and then redispense 
those same notes to subsequent customers making withdrawals. Unlike traditional ATMs that keep deposited 
and dispensed cash in separate cassettes—requ iring frequent armored vehicle visits to both replenish and 
collect— recyclers dramatically reduce the frequency of CIT visits and the total volume of cash that must be 
transported. For the combined Brink’s/Atleos entity, recycler adoption is a double-edged dynamic: it reduces 
CIT visit frequency (a modest headwind to traditional CIT revenue), but it increases the complexity and value 
of each service interaction, accelerates ATMaaS adoption, and strengthens the case for an integrated provider 
that can optimize cash forecasting across an entire recycler-equipped fleet. 
The outlook for cash recyclers is broadly positive. Most financial institutions expect their recycler-equipped 
ATM share to increase over the next 2–3 years, citing reduced cash handling costs, lower outsourcing 
expenses, enhanced security, and small business deposit support. Below the share of deposit ATMs which 
recycle banknotes in 2023 and the expected number for 2029, according to Datos Insights. 
 
Source: Datos Insights 

 
21 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
Final Considerations 
The key risks are primarily execution-related: management distraction during the pre-close period, integration 
complexity across two large global organizations, and customer perception around hardware neutrality as the 
combined entity becomes more vertically integrated. 
UK antitrust represents a credible, though not necessarily prohibitive, risk. The CMA evaluates whether 
vertical integration could enable foreclosure of competitors or reduce customer choice. The combined entity 
would control hardware, software, processing, field service, and cash logistics, creating a plausible concern 
about dependency on a bundled solution. This is amplified by the UK’s policy emphasis on maintaining 
broad, reliable cash access. The review will likely consider neutrality, service quality, and long-term market 
structure alongside pricing effects. 
The pro forma balance sheet will be more leveraged in the near term, though this is mitigated by strong 
expected free cash flow generation. Leverage is expected to remain under control at <3x net debt/EBITDA by 
year-end 2027. 
In order to hedge deal-break risk, we are now holding this position through BCO shares, which we believe are 
attractively valued on a standalone basis. If the transaction does not materialize, BCO shares could re-rate 
higher, as the stock has declined since the announcement due to the equity issuance overhang. On current 
estimates, even in a no-deal scenario, Brink’s is trading at approximately 10x 2027 P/E and offers close to a 
10% free cash flow yield, levels at which we would be comfortable underwriting the business independently. 
This creates a highly asymmetric setup: limited downside supported by standalone fundamentals, with 
meaningful upside if the merger proceeds successfully. 
We view this as one of the best opportunities we have ever seen, supported by our strong familiarity with both 
companies. The sector remains significantly under-covered, with virtually no cross-coverage across sell-side or 
buy-side firms. Goldman Sachs is the only firm covering both companies, and even there, neither is a core 
focus. Despite BCO’s average daily trading volume exceeding $30 million, it is covered by only three sell-side 
analysts. 
  
Source: Bloomberg 
 
Over the past decade, Brink’s has delivered an average annual share price appreciation of approximately 
12.9%, demonstrating consistent value creation despite limited market attention. 
 

 
22 
 
   Q1 2026 | Investor Newsletter www.fourthsailcap.com 
  Fourth Sail Capital 
 
 
Overall, the combination of valuation support, structural undercoverage, and potential merger upside presents 
a rare and attractive investment opportunity that combines both an attractive valuation and the ability to 
expand the addressable market through a new industrial delivery cost-competitive model that will be hard for 
competitors and customers to match. Our current position size (as of 4/30) is 4.9% in Long/Short and 4.8% in 
Discovery. 
 
 
Sincerely, 
Ari, Vinicius and the Fourth Sail Team 
 
 
  
 
 
Currency in circulation sources: 
• Monetary Base: Currency in Circulation (MBCURRCIR) | FRED | St. Louis Fed  
• Banknotes and coins circulation 
• Federal Reserve Board - Currency in Circulation: Volume 
 
10-K: 
• Form 10-K for Brinks CO filed 02/26/2026 
• February 27, 2026 - 10-K: Annual report [Section 13 and 15(d), not S-K Item 405] | NCR Atleos Corporation 
(NATL) 
 
MXEF
Gross Invested 150 - 300% Net Invested Annualized Return 2.8
Number of Longs 80 - 100 Number of Shorts Volatility 16.8
Size of Core Longs 3 - 5% Size of Core Shorts Sharpe Ratio 0.2
Total Position Count 130 - 170 Sortino Ratio 0.4
Max Drawdown -38.4
Correlation 0.4
(%) Jan Feb Mar Apr May Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year
2026 1.4 -4.0 1.5 --- --- --- --- --- --- --- -1.1
2025 0.8 -1.5 4.1 2.1 4.6 2.5 3.5 1.6 -0.1 3.9 25.6
2024 2.8 -0.2 3.5 -1.9 3.0 -1.7 1.4 -1.2 -0.2 -0.1 4.2
2023 7.0 -1.2 -2.8 0.1 2.9 3.4 -0.2 -4.2 2.1 0.0 12.7
2022 -0.5 -6.3 2.2 1.6 2.4 5.3 -7.7 3.5 -0.5 6.3 0.0
2021 1.3 2.8 3.4 7.3 4.0 -0.6 0.5 -3.4 -1.8 6.2 23.5
2020 -0.8 -1.7 -13.3 8.5 3.8 5.7 -0.2 -1.6 8.0 3.6 17.2
2019 4.4 1.3 0.0 -0.4 1.6 -0.2 -1.1 4.1 0.8 4.8 24.5
2018 1.9 0.0 0.7 1.0 -0.3 -2.1 -1.0 1.6 2.9 0.0 5.8
2017 2.5 1.1 2.6 0.3 -0.3 1.2 1.9 0.9 -0.8 -0.8 11.1
2016 -1.5 3.8 1.8 3.7 4.0 1.6 0.8 0.5 -1.7 1.5 18.9
2015 -1.6 2.9 1.6 -2.2 0.5 -0.5 -2.0 0.6 -1.4 1.6 -1.2
2014 4.3 -0.8 6.1 1.1 4.4 2.2 -0.3 0.5 -0.5 0.7 20.9
2013 5.0 1.3 1.3 2.7 4.2 0.6 0.1 3.2 0.7 -1.0 23.3
2012 5.9 1.0 -1.7 -0.1 -2.6 1.8 1.5 5.6 -0.5 2.5 16.8
Min Subscription
Redemptions
Redemption Notice
Lock-Up
Gate
Fees
Investment Manager
Prime Brokers
(%) MTD YTD LTD Secondary Custodian
Fourth Sail Long/Short LLC 1.5 -1.1 532.1 Administrator
MSCI EM Latin America - price index -4.5 14.1 -14.2 U.S. Legal Counsel
MSCI Emerging Markets - price index -13.3 -0.5 48.3 Auditor
Founded in 2019 as a spin-out from an established emerging markets fund, 
Fourth Sail Capital is a boutique asset manager focused on investment 
opportunities throughout Latin America. The Fourth Sail team is located in 
the United States, Cayman Islands and Brazil and is comprised of an 
experienced team of investment and non-investment professionals. Fourth 
Sail manages long/short and long only mandates for an investor base of 
primarily endowments, foundations and families.
Fourth Sail Long/Short LLC
FUND MANAGER PROFILE
-0.4
0.5
Long/Short Master
-1.1
25.4
0.1
0.1
50 - 70
(2 - 4%)
Jun
---
4.9 1.0
1.8
TYPICAL PORTFOLIO COMPOSITION
2.1
-2.8
Jul
---
20 - 45%
-
MXLA
1.4
2.5
1.1-6.2
Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP
Fourth Sail Capital US LP | 5355 Town Center Road | Suite 550 | Boca Raton, FL 33486 | +01 64 6819 0832 | ir@fourthsailcap.com
Soft / 5% penalty within first 12 Months
90 Days
Goldman, Sachs & Co
Northern Trust
MUFG Fund Services
Fourth Sail Capital US LP
KPMG LLP
2.00% / 20.00%
Investor Level Gate details: Withdrawals limited quarterly to 
25% of capital.  Optional Side pocket.
4.3
0.8
FOURTH SAIL LONG/SHORT LLC
Domicile
1.5
INVESTMENT TERMS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS
-63.0
13.8
9.7
3.9
-0.3
The Fourth Sail Long/Short Fund aims to provide sustainable positive 
returns, irrespective of market conditions, through investments in Latin 
American equities. The fund is managed with a low net exposure and 
employs a rigorous fundamental bottom-up investment approach, but also 
follows local and global macroeconomics and politics closely in order to 
manage downside risks.
1.4
2.4
-15.4
Delaware (Onshore Feeder) and Ontario (Offshore Feeder)
RISK-RETURN ANALYSIS (%)
Quarterly
$1,000,000
1.4
-0.7
2.8
0.2
0.3
1.7
0.3
LAUNCH TO DATE PERFORMANCE (%)
-0.2
1.9
1.4
1.9
0.9
1.8
-100
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
12/11
12/12
12/13
12/14
12/15
12/16
12/17
12/18
12/19
12/20
12/21
12/22
12/23
12/24
12/25
Long/Short Master MXLA MXEF

Fourth Sail Long/Short LLC
DISCLOSURES
Fourth Sail Capital US LP | 5355 Town Center Road | Suite 550 | Boca Raton, FL 33486 | +01 64 6819 0832 | ir@fourthsailcap.com
The information contained in this document is being furnished for informational and discussion purposes only, and shall not be reproduced, used, distributed or published, in a whole or 
in a part, by any reader for any purpose, without the prior written consent of Fourth Sail Capital LP and/or its subsidiaries (“Fourth Sail Capital”). No information provided herein 
constitutes a solicitation, offer or recommendation to buy or sell securities or shares of any investment fund or vehicle managed or sponsored by Fourth Sail Capital LP and/or its 
subsidiaries.
This content may not be used or entered by you in any jurisdiction where those services, investment funds or related investment opportunity may be considered as an unlawful activity 
or unsuitable to you as an investor. This information is not directed to you, if we are prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this document available to 
you and is not intended for any use which would be contrary to local law or regulation. You should not act or rely on the information provided herein without seeking the advice of a 
professional.
Past performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied is made regarding future performance. 
The value of investments may fall as well as rise, investors may not get back the amount of money invested and currency movements may have a negative as well as positive influence on 
returns.
Furthermore, the information herein is restricted to clients who are experienced investors. Subscriptions will only be received, and shares issued based on the current Prospectus or 
private placement memorandum (“PPM”) of the relevant fund.
Careful reading of the fund´s bylaws is recommended to investors. Any performance figures presented herein are gross of taxes. Investors must note that an investment in any investment 
fund managed or sponsored by Forth Sail Capital LP is subject to risks.
An analysis of at least 12 (twelve) months is recommended when evaluating investment fund´s performance. BEFORE MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, PLEASE READ 
THE RELEVANT PROSPECTUS OR PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM (“PPM”), THE FUND´S RULES AND OTHER OFFERING MATERIALS IN ITS 
ENTIRETY. INVESMENT FUND´S PERFORMANCE IS NOT GUARANTEED BY FUND ADMINISTRATORS, FUND MANAGERS, CAPITAL PROTECTION, NOR 
MECHANISMS OF CREDIT GUARANTEE FUNDS.
Nothing in this document constitutes investment, legal, tax or other advice nor is it to be relied upon in making an investment decision.
The advice given by Fourth Sail Capital is not and should not be construed as legal or regulatory advice in any jurisdiction. Before implementing any proposal, clients should seek 
specialist legal advice to ensure that they will not contravene any applicable law or regulation. Neither Fourth Sail Capital nor any of its employees, officers or directors, shall have any 
legal responsibility to ensure that the client acts in accordance with applicable law or regulation.
Fourth Sail Long Short LLC Track Record: Prince Street Latin America Ltd launched on February 1, 2014, and spun out to become Fourth Sail Long Short Master Fund Ltd. on 
January 1, 2019. In 2020 it became Fourth Sail Long Short LLC.
The performance results from January 2012 through January 2014 were calculated using internal, unaudited estimates that represent a subset of Latin American investments made in the 
overall portfolio of Prince Street International Ltd by Ari Merenstein. The performance results of the entire portfolio from which this subset was drawn are available upon request. All 
performance reflects reinvestment of dividends and all other income and is presented net of applicable fees and expenses, including estimated fund expenses, trading costs, and assumed 
management and incentive fee of 2/20.
Fourth Sail Long Short LLC (formerly Prince Street Latin America Ltd.) was launched on Feb 1, 2014 as a master
‐
feeder structure. Fourth Sail Long LLC serves as the master fund to 
an onshore feeder, Fourth Sail Long Short Onshore Fund LP (formerly PS Latin America Onshore LP), and an offshore feeder, Fourth Sail Long Short Offshore Fund LP (formerly PS 
Latin America Offshore Ltd.). Returns from Feb 1, 2014 through December 2018 represent the net performance to an onshore investor at the inception of Fourth Sail Long Short 
Onshore Fund LP who is ineligible for new issue purposes, net of all fees. The year to date return for 2014 includes the January net return for the Latin American subset of Prince Street 
International Ltd plus the actual net return of Fourth Sail Long Short LLC from February 1st on, utilizing a February 1st high watermark for the monthly returns thereafter. Returns 
from January 2019 on represent the net performance to an onshore investor at the inception of Fourth Sail Long Short Onshore Fund LP who is eligible for new issue purposes, net of all 
fees and excludes any side pocket investments.
The indices referenced herein are broad-based and used for illustrative purposes only. They have been selected as they are well known and are easily recognizable. However, the 
investment activities of any hedge fund may be considerably more volatile than the performance of any of the referenced indices. Unlike these indices, hedge funds are actively managed. 
Furthermore, hedge funds generally invest in substantially fewer securities than the number of securities comprising these indices. Indices may have different fees, may nor reflect their 
reinvestment of dividends, and may have other related differenced from fund performance. These indices are being presented for comparison purposes only and should not be relied 
upon. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Investors pursuing a strategy similar to an index may experience higher or lower returns and will bear the cost of fees and expenses 
that will reduce returns.
MSCI makes no express or implied warranties or representations and shall have no liability whatsoever with respect to any MSCI data contained herein. The MSCI data may not be 
further redistributed or used as a basis for other indexes or any securities or financial products. This report is not approved, endorsed, reviewed or produced by MSCI. None of the MSCI 
data is intended to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such.
Performance may differ based upon new issue eligibility and individual dates of investment. All performance reflects reinvestment of dividends and all other income and is net of 
applicable fees and expenses. Performance excludes any side pocket investments. Monthly performance is unaudited. Year-end performance through 2025 is audited. Performance for 
2026 is unaudited and subject to change.

MXEF
Gross Invested 85-100 Net Invested Annualized Return 3.7
Number of Longs 40-50 Number of Shorts Volatility 18.0
Size of Core Longs 3-8% Size of Core Shorts Sharpe Ratio 0.3
Total Position Count 40-50 Sortino Ratio 0.4
Max Drawdown -38.4
Correlation 0.7
(%) Jan Feb Mar Apr May Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year
0 2026 8.9 0.3 -3.1 --- --- --- --- --- --- --- 5.9
0 2025 5.8 -2.5 3.7 6.3 5.3 8.2 5.1 0.5 2.7 4.9 46.7
0 2024 -1.8 0.6 4.7 -3.6 2.3 -0.1 3.3 -2.3 -2.4 -6.4 -10.8
0 2023 13.4 -6.2 0.0 0.2 4.8 -3.1 -3.0 -7.8 11.6 6.9 31.7
0 2022 1.5 -1.5 9.0 -8.3 2.0 4.0 -10.6 10.2 0.5 0.4 -7.6
0 2021 -2.9 0.2 3.6 4.7 5.7 -1.7 -7.8 -7.4 -5.1 7.9 -5.5
0 2020 -1.5 -5.8 -34.1 10.0 7.2 0.4 -3.6 -1.9 15.0 6.6 -1.5
0 2019 --- --- 0.3 -1.0 1.8 -6.0 0.0 4.8 -1.1 9.6 21.7
Min Subscription
Redemptions
Redemption Notice
Lock-Up
Gate
Fees
Investment Manager
Prime Brokers
(%) MTD YTD LTD Secondary Custodian
Fourth Sail Discovery LLC -3.1 5.9 91.2 Administrator
MSCI EM Latin America - price index -4.5 14.1 9.6 U.S. Legal Counsel
MSCI Emerging Markets - price index -13.3 -0.5 29.1 Auditor
0
0
9.6
-4.12.9
8.5
Fourth Sail Discovery LLC
FUND MANAGER PROFILE
3.1
0.9
4S Discovery Master
1.3
27.3
0.2
0.3
n/a
n/a
Jun
---
4.3
Founded in 2019 as a spin-out from an established emerging markets fund, 
Fourth Sail Capital is a boutique asset manager focused on investment 
opportunities throughout Latin America. The Fourth Sail team is located in 
the United States, Cayman Islands and Brazil and is comprised of an 
experienced team of investment and non-investment professionals. Fourth 
Sail manages long/short and long only mandates for an investor base of 
primarily endowments, foundations and families.
The Fourth Sail Discovery Fund is absolute return vehicle which invests 
across countries and asset classes (though with a focus on public equities) in 
Latin America.  The fund invests on a 24-36 month time horizon, and has 
the ability to hold cash when domestic and/or global risks are high, hedge 
FX and other macro tail risks, and draw down or return capital to our 
investors when warranted.
-
MXLA
-16.7
RISK-RETURN ANALYSIS (%)TYPICAL PORTFOLIO COMPOSITION
-7.9
7.2
Jul
---
-4.5
Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP
Fourth Sail Capital US LP | 5355 Town Center Road | Suite 550 | Boca Raton, FL 33486 | +01 64 6819 0832 | ir@fourthsailcap.com
Hard 12 Month Lockup
90 Days
Goldman, Sachs & Co
Northern Trust
MUFG Fund Services
Fourth Sail Capital US LP
KPMG LLP
Investor Level Gate details: Withdrawals limited quarterly to 
25% of capital. Optional Side Pocket.
1.50% / 15.00%
85-100
LAUNCH TO DATE PERFORMANCE (%)
3.8
Quarterly
$5,000,000
0.5
0.7
-38.9
Delaware (Onshore Feeder) and Ontario (Offshore Feeder)
FOURTH SAIL DISCOVERY LLC
Domicile
6.2
INVESTMENT TERMS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS
-46.0
9.6
24.2
5.2
7.2
-60
-40
-20
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
2/19
2/20
2/21
2/22
2/23
2/24
2/25
2/26
4S Discovery Master MXLA MXEF

Fourth Sail Discovery LLC
DISCLOSURES
Fourth Sail Capital US LP | 5355 Town Center Road | Suite 550 | Boca Raton, FL 33486 | +01 64 6819 0832 | ir@fourthsailcap.com
The information contained in this document is being furnished for informational and discussion purposes only, and shall not be reproduced, used, distributed or published, in 
a whole or in a part, by any reader for any purpose, without the prior written consent of Fourth Sail Capital LP and/or its subsidiaries (“Fourth Sail Capital”). No 
information provided herein constitutes a solicitation, offer or recommendation to buy or sell securities or shares of any investment fund or vehicle managed or sponsored by 
Fourth Sail Capital LP and/or its subsidiaries.
This content may not be used or entered by you in any jurisdiction where those services, investment funds or related investment opportunity may be considered as an 
unlawful activity or unsuitable to you as an investor. This information is not directed to you, if we are prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information 
on this document available to you and is not intended for any use which would be contrary to local law or regulation. You should not act or rely on the information provided 
herein without seeking the advice of a professional.
Past performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied is made regarding future 
performance. The value of investments may fall as well as rise, investors may not get back the amount of money invested and currency movements may have a negative as 
well as positive influence on returns.
Furthermore, the information herein is restricted to clients who are experienced investors. Subscriptions will only be received, and shares issued based on the current 
Prospectus or private placement memorandum (“PPM”) of the relevant fund.
Careful reading of the fund´s bylaws is recommended to investors. Any performance figures presented herein are gross of taxes. Investors must note that an investment in any 
investment fund managed or sponsored by Forth Sail Capital LP is subject to risks.
An analysis of at least 12 (twelve) months is recommended when evaluating investment fund´s performance. BEFORE MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, 
PLEASE READ THE RELEVANT PROSPECTUS OR PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM (“PPM”), THE FUND´S RULES AND OTHER OFFERING 
MATERIALS IN ITS ENTIRETY. INVESMENT FUND´S PERFORMANCE IS NOT GUARANTEED BY FUND ADMINISTRATORS, FUND MANAGERS, 
CAPITAL PROTECTION, NOR MECHANISMS OF CREDIT GUARANTEE FUNDS.
Nothing in this document constitutes investment, legal, tax or other advice nor is it to be relied upon in making an investment decision.
The advice given by Fourth Sail Capital is not and should not be construed as legal or regulatory advice in any jurisdiction. Before implementing any proposal, clients should 
seek specialist legal advice to ensure that they will not contravene any applicable law or regulation. Neither Fourth Sail Capital nor any of its employees, officers or directors, 
shall have any legal responsibility to ensure that the client acts in accordance with applicable law or regulation.
Fourth Sail Discovery Master Fund Ltd was launched on March 1, 2019 as a master
‐
feeder structure. In January 2020, after a master-feeder restructuring process, it become 
Fourth Sail Discovery LLC. Fourth Sail Discovery LLC serves as the master fund to an onshore feeder, Fourth Sail Discovery Onshore Fund LP, and an offshore feeder, 
Fourth Sail Discovery Offshore Fund LP. Returns represent the net performance to an onshore investor at the inception of Fourth Sail Discovery Onshore Fund LP who is 
ineligible for new issue purposes, net of all fees and excluding any side pocket investments.
The indices referenced herein are broad-based and used for illustrative purposes only. They have been selected as they are well known and are easily recognizable. However, 
the investment activities of any hedge fund may be considerably more volatile than the performance of any of the referenced indices. Unlike these indices, hedge funds are 
actively managed. Furthermore, hedge funds generally invest in substantially fewer securities than the number of securities comprising these indices. Indices may have 
different fees, may nor reflect their reinvestment of dividends, and may have other related differenced from fund performance. These indices are being presented for 
comparison purposes only and should not be relied upon. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Investors pursuing a strategy similar to an index may experience 
higher or lower returns and will bear the cost of fees and expenses that will reduce returns.
MSCI makes no express or implied warranties or representations and shall have no liability whatsoever with respect to any MSCI data contained herein. The MSCI data may 
not be further redistributed or used as a basis for other indexes or any securities or financial products. This report is not approved, endorsed, reviewed or produced by MSCI. 
None of the MSCI data is intended to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be 
relied on as such.
Performance may differ based upon new issue eligibility and individual dates of investment. All performance reflects reinvestment of dividends and all other income and is 
net of applicable fees and expenses. Performance excludes any side pocket investments. Monthly performance is unaudited. Year-end performance through 2025 is audited. 
Performance for 2026 is unaudited and subject to change.
