Gallo Partners: Regulatory Investing in 2026 and Beyond
December 2025
Private and Confidential: Not for Distribution
2
The information contained in this document is for information purposes only. This Presentation should not be relied upon as legal, tax or financial 
advice, and a prospective investor should consult with his or her independent professional advisors as to the legal, tax, financial or other matters 
relevant to the suitability of an investment. This document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy. While all the 
information prepared in this document is believed to be accurate, neither Gallo Partners or its affiliates or representatives (i) makes any express or 
implied warranty as to the completeness or accuracy of this presentation, (ii) shall be liable for errors appearing in the presentation, or (iii) has any duty 
to update this document or any of the information contained herein.
This Presentation has not been approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or any other regulatory authority or securities 
commission.
Any performance information depicted herein is not indicative of future performance or investment returns, and actual events or conditions may not be 
consistent with, and may differ materially from, those depicted. Any projections, market outlooks or estimates in this document are forward-looking 
statements and are based upon certain assumptions. 
Furthermore, many statements included herein are the subjective views of Gallo Partners, and other reasonable persons may have differing views. 
Unless it is unequivocally a statement of fact, any statement herein (even if not specifically qualified as an opinion (i.e., with language such as “in the 
opinion of” or “Gallo Partners believes that”)) should nevertheless be understood and interpreted as an opinion with which reasonable persons may 
disagree, and not as a material statement of fact that can be clearly substantiated.
DISCLAIMER: GALLO PARTNERS DOES INVEST IN THE SECURITIES MENTIONED IN THIS DOCUMENT.
Disclosures

Take Concentrated Positions in These Themes
The 
Battlefield
Proxy wars gave sovereign nations a testing ground for new technologies on the battlefield, shifting political views that increased investment 
and innovation are essential. Globally, 2026 national budgets show a material ramp in tech-enabled unmanned systems.
3
The lead-up to the 2024 election and the months that followed marked a period of enormous regulatory uncertainty. Now, several 
structural themes are emerging, creating long-term compounders and disadvantaged business models within our focus area.
Infrastructure 
2.0
Our diligence points to expansive infrastructure legislation in 2026 that will expand the Highway Bill beyond its expiry in September. At the 
same time, global infrastructure spending is accelerating, spanning both civilian and military needs.
Aerospace
Bottlenecks
FAA production limits are easing, but its not keeping pace with insurmountable demand. Airbus disruptions, ongoing Boeing issues, and 
strong cross-industry demand for specialty aerospace metals, amplified by tight regulation, create compelling long and short opportunities.
Next-Gen 
Remediation
Filtration and environmental remediation efforts slowed amidst agency reshuffles, but they remain central concerns. We see fresh 
momentum stemming from renewed bipartisan efforts as water regulations and industrial filtration take center stage.
Affordability Cost-of-living concerns are likely to dominate voters’ priorities in upcoming elections, which we believe creates a shift in stimulus measures 
and rebates for the American consumer.
Power 
Constraints
Despite the noise, there is no slowing the global AI arms race and the administrations top focus is power shortfalls. While AI gets all the 
attention, many forget that there is a much broader electrification theme that exposes fundamental upside and structural downside. 
Critical 
Minerals
Tariff negotiations exposed key vulnerabilities across supply chains, including our dependence on critical minerals. This birthed emerging 
regulations and government efforts to encourage fresh reshoring opportunities that will drive new avenues for growth.
The Battlefield
4
The Battlefield
5
Global spending decisions today favor a new type of warfare tomorrow. The cadence of spend for European rearmament is entering a 
new phase of momentum. Meanwhile, the US is actively planning to revamp domestic defenses. Globally, national budgets now favor a material 
step change in spending for tech-enabled unmanned systems. 
• NATO’s move toward 3.5% of GDP creates rare, long-term visibility, marking a shift in policy certainty. EU NATO members ended 2024 at 
~2% of GDP, but now most plan to reach 3.5% within the next 5 years, driving a new mid-to-high single-digit CAGR in spending. These 
incremental dollars flow to new equipment - not personnel, translating into outsized revenue growth for defense contractors.
• Diplomacy or the Russian military are unlikely to bring a near-term end to the War in Ukraine. Russia has overcommitted manpower, creating a powerful 
internal military bloc that now requires victory to justify the sacrifice. A failure risks an “Afghan Syndrome” — a destabilizing outcome the regime cannot 
afford. Diplomacy is improbable: Ukraine cannot concede the Donbass fortress belt, and based on observed performance, a Russian military victory 
would likely take 10+ years. 
• For NATO spending, the outcome of the war in Ukraine matters less than investors assume as defense budgets respond to perceived Russian capability, 
not battlefield results.
• Tech-enabled unmanned systems are proliferating rapidly, with militaries adapting quickly. A Trump DoD and GOP Congress will 
accelerate AI-driven unmanned and robotic systems, creating opportunities and risks for suppliers. 2026 budget proposals now call for 
spending increases for unmanned aerial systems, counter-UAS, and sea systems. How important is this? The Pentagon created a 
dedicated budget line targeting >$13 Bn for these items, an ~80% YoY increase driven by air and sea autonomy.
Source: Government Filings, Politico, EE News, SEC Filings
The War in Ukraine: Competing Perspectives
6
The Ukrainian mindset centers on the notion that long-term survival depends on 1) preventing further attacks, 2) preserving 
sovereignty, and 3) securing external guarantees. Thus, there is a need to control the Donbas fortress belt and retain control of territories 
west of the Dnipro. Further, Ukraine is unwilling to adhere to other Russian demands surrounding its military size and EU / NATO membership.
• Ukrainian repopulation is at the center of Western misperception. 
• More than 5 million people have fled Ukraine, many of whom would only return if they feel an abundance of safety. Given this 
potential prize, the Ukrainian government holds the belief that the expenditure of several million lives will be offset by the long-term 
repatriation of its citizens, thus reflecting a tolerance for losses that foreign nations and analysts have trouble comprehending.
The Russian mindset surrounds the threat of regime change amidst a failure to deliver. Ambitious goals butt heads with high economic 
costs of sanctions and a substantial human toll. There is an unwavering view that survival of the regime depends on 1) securing the Donbas 
fortress belt, ousting the Ukrainian regime, 2) preventing Ukraine from securing architectures that would put NATO member troops on Ukrainian 
soil, and 3) securing sanction relief.
• Securing the Donbas fortress belt is at odds with Russia’s ability to expend personnel.
• Extrapolating the 2025 rate of progression suggests a ~2-year timeline to achieve victory in this singular region. However, capturing 
low-density fields (2025 progression) vs. securing fortified strategic urban locations (2026+ campaign) argues for a prolonged 
conflict. Previous Russian campaigns to seize smaller urban agglomerations took ~2 years with substantial casualties. Extrapolating 
this to the ~330k fortress belt population would estimate at least 400k Russian casualties. Recognizing several factors affect 
outcomes, rudimentary math points  to >10 years when accounting for the ~4k monthly personnel Russia is able to expend.
Source: Government Filings, Politico, EE News, SEC Filings
Infrastructure 2.0
7
Infrastructure 2.0
8
High-grading America’s infrastructure will be a focus in 2026. Trump put a substantial focus on the need for modernizing American heavy 
civil infrastructure, which birthed the IIJA. Now, our diligence points to an emerging effort for a 2.0 plan that will focus on more on grid 
hardening and heavy civil creating long-term tail winds for certain companies in our coverage. 
Driving the Opportunity
• Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA), signed November 2021, is a five-year, ~$1.2 
trillion package that directs ~$550 billion in new investments towards America’s infrastructure, 
including heavy civil ($110 Bn), public transit ($39 Bn), rail ($66 Bn), broadband expansion ($65 
Bn), water ($55 Bn), grid upgrades ($75 Bn), and ports ($17 Bn). Even now, 60% has yet to be 
deployed.
• Congress used reconciliation to pass the One Big Beautiful Act, rescinding non-core IIJA 
programs and adding provisions to boost Highway Trust Fund revenues.
• In September 2025, legislative drafters held a major D.C. “fly-in” with industry 
representatives. This action is typically the preamble to major legislation in the space. Our 
further diligence suggests the current administration will present a proposal in 1H26. 
• The Federal Infrastructure Bank Act of 2025 created a dedicated Infrastructure Bank to 
fund U.S. projects through loans and guarantees only. With no federal taxpayer dollars at 
risk, capital deployment is streamlined, allowing for an increased cadence in projects.
Source: Government Filings, Politico, EE News, SEC Filings
Existing Legislative Tailwinds
9
• The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 provides for billions in clean 
energy initiatives, transportation infrastructure improvements, and 
incentivizes construction. It provides tax credits, rebates, and loans 
for renewables, EVs, home energy efficiency, and clean 
manufacturing, which will result in hundreds of billions in 
investments. 
• The Chips Act provides $52.7 Bn to bolster domestic semiconductor 
research with direct funding provided for manufacturing facilities.
• State and Local Government Budgets (75%-80% of public 
infrastructure spending) are trending higher. In 2024, states and 
localities spent $463 Bn on infrastructure, a 45.5% increase over five 
years. There are currently record State Department of Transportation 
budgets and state and local ballot initiatives. 
Substantial spending is embedded in existing legislation. Many congressional bills continue to throw off substantial capital for 
current and future projects allowing companies to maintain pricing into sustained demand.
Source: Government Filings, Politico, EE News, SEC Filings
Opportunities in Legislation Abroad
10
• Connecting Europe Facility (CEF) is a 2021-2027 program that provides grants for 
transportation (~€26 Bn), energy (~€6 Bn), and digital infrastructure (~€2 Bn).
• EU Members are currently working on a larger CEF 2028-2034 proposal which would 
expand the budget from ~€33.7 Bn to ~€81.4 Bn, with significant increases for 
transportation (~€45 Bn), energy (~€20 Bn), and military mobility (~€7 Bn).
• European Commission is separately proposing legal reforms to speed up grid and 
cross-border energy infrastructure permitting, aiming to reduce delays and increase 
private investments.
• NATO reaffirmed a 1.5% GDP target for infrastructure, which comes on the back of 
concerns that roadways cannot handle heavy armored vehicles, munitions storage facilities 
are outdated, and there is a lack of much-needed housing for soldiers. 
• The EIB plans to boost lending for EU defense-related infrastructure to €4.5 Bn in 
2026, up from €3.5 Bn, targeting military mobility and critical security network.
Europe continues to increase the cadence of spend on infrastructure, while opportunities to rebuild Gaza and Ukraine remain. 
The EU has passed, and is currently proposing, more legislation to earmark infrastructure spend. Meanwhile, recent NATO membership 
requires substantial upgrades to domestic infrastructure.
Source: Government Filings, Politico, EE News, SEC Filings
Aerospace Bottlenecks
11
Aerospace
12
Federal production restrictions combined with growing civil demand and increased defense spending have created a massive supply / 
demand mismatch that will remain present in different forms throughout the next decade.
• The Situation: Stricter quality controls are limiting output of high-spec 
plates, vanes, and specialty metals, leaving production behind demand 
and forcing operators to extend fleet utilization, increasing spares and 
engine aftermarket demand. 
• The Winners: As supply-chain constraints slowly ease, structural 
suppliers whose revenue and margins are realized at delivery emerge 
as relative winners. 
• At a Disadvantage: Propulsion and service-heavy systems whose 
economics are deferred over multi-decade aircraft lifecycles are at a 
disadvantage.
• The Underappreciated: Business jets remain a niche resilient market, 
supported by preferences for private travel and aided by some favorable 
tax codes, including Bonus Depreciation in the Big Beautiful Bill. 
Source: Government Filings, Politico, EE News, SEC Filings
Power Constraints
13
Electrification 
14
Insatiable demand and unprecedented spending means AI and its effects will continue to be a dominant theme across markets for 
the foreseeable future. Crowding and unwind risk in this theme require a longer-term view to win.
Source: GOOG, META, MSFT 10K/Q, Grid Strategies
Consumer demand aside, the administration is in the nascent stages of an “ AI Arms Race” with China that provides a backbone for growth and success.
Rule / Regulation Description Signed
EO 14179 – Removing Barriers to American Leadership in Artificial Intelligence Action plan to develop AI workforce, build out infrastructure, export US AI standards globally 01/31/2025
EO 14318 – Accelerating Federal Permitting of Data Center Infrastructure Allows for use of DOE and Federal land for quick development of data centers 06/28/2025
EO 14365 – Ensuring a National Policy Framework for Artificial Intelligence Calls for federal framework to create minimally burdensome national standard for AI and forbid 
state laws that conflict with those standards 12/11/2025
We continue to see increasing government support directly (loans, tax incentives) and indirectly (permitting reform) which catalyzes further investment. 
0
25
50
75
100
125
150
175
2022 2023 2024 2025
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 YTD
Industrial/Manufa
cturing (30 GW)
19%
Other (30 GW)
19%
Oil & Gas (10 GW)
6%
Data Centers (90 
GW)
56%
Hyperscaler Capex Spend Drivers of Load Growth (2025-2030) 5-year Forecasts for Load Growth
Affordability
15
Affordability
16
Affordability was the core focus leading to Democrat victories in NJ, VA, and NYC. We expect it to be the main talking point ahead of this 
year’s mid-terms as affordability will again take center stage.
Source: Bloomberg, EIA, FRED Economic Data, KeyBanc
• Politicians attempted to address Affordability in several ways this past year across housing with interest rates, FICO pricing, and 
increased mortgage duration. More tangibly, we are seeing an emerging theme impacting utilities with public utility commissions and 
legislators rejecting rate increases and asset sales. We believe this focus will create opportunities for lower cost players with exposure to 
interconnects.
• FERC has focused on transmission reform through multiple initiatives (FERC Order 1920, 1977, 2023).
• NEPA permitting reform (SPEED Act) continues to gain bipartisan support.
Affordability by State vs National Average % of Wallet Share Rates – 2024 vs 2021
Residential Rates – 2024 vs 2021
Next-Gen Remediation
17
Next-Gen Remediation
18
MAGA or MAHA? Despite early fears of regulatory rollback, recent Trump administration actions reinforce our view that environmental 
regulation and remediation remain broadly bipartisan. This misperception has resulted in the market undervaluing names based on the belief 
that the current administration is at odds with environmental remediation. 
Recent Federal actions include:
• April 2025: EPA says it will remain committed to the 4 ppt MCL for PFOA / PFAS and while studies on PFHxS, PFNA, GenX are ongoing.
• September 2025: EPA submitted a court filing in ongoing litigation that it will retain the CERCLA hazardous substance designations for 
PFOA and PFOS and intends to develop a Framework Rule going forward. 
• September 2025: Unified Agenda of Regulatory and Deregulatory Actions was released, continuing many Biden regulations and including 
new actions on PFAS.
State Rule Status
Michigan Filter First (2023) By 2025-2026 schools must ensure water is filtered and all fixtures are approved with water sampled annually
Illinois SB 1715 (2023) As of July 2026, any drinking fountain construction requires a bottle filling station 
Minnesota Amara’s Law (2023) As of January 1, 2025, 11 categories of products sold in state, are prohibited from containing PFAS
New Jersey A5812 (2025) Provides grants as part of 2026 budget for bottle filling stations and filtered faucets in schools
Importantly, State-level regulations are moving from policy to execution, resulting in organic growth for beneficiaries.
Source: EPA, Government Filings, Politico, EE News, SEC Filings
Critical Minerals
19
Critical Materials
20
Onshoring critical materials is a bi-partisan effort deemed essential for national security. The U.S. government, has taken the 
extraordinary step to build equity stakes in firms seeking to extract and process critical materials as the focus on strategic decoupling continues.
15% Equity
 5% Equity
 10% Equity
Separately, numerous programs provide financing and tariff protections to help defend against dumping by China.
• Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) 45X: Updated in 2025 to offer 10% PTC forextraction and processing critical minerals.
• Tariff Walls (Section 232 & 301): Active Section 232 investigations into copper and into processed critical minerals. 
• Notably, 50% tariffs on steel, aluminum, and copper and have been continually expanded to include downstream products.
Elsewhere, the EU recently established regulations to help facilitate its own strategic decoupling from China.
• Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (January 2026): Creates a definitive cost penalty for high-carbon nickel, steel, and aluminum 
(produced in India / Indonesia / China) vs. low-carbon Canadian and Nordic supply.
• EU Tariff Quota Rates: The EC proposed a new regime to replace the current safeguards when they expire in 2026 by slashing the total 
tariff-free import quota by ~47% and closing a loophole where Chinese steel was re-processed in Vietnam / Turkey to bypass tariffs.
Equity?
Source: Government Filings, Politico, EE News, SEC Filings, Reuters
Water Access in Mining
21
Water Access is the new “license to operate”. Constraints surrounding water access are tightening and, in turn, accelerating the adoption of 
dewatering solutions as a long-term structural necessity.
Source: Government Filings, Politico, EE News, SEC Filings
Region Regulatory Action Impact on Miners
Global 2020 GISTM (Tailings Standard): Full implementation deadline hit in Aug 2025. Insurance is now denied for non-
compliant upstream dams. Forced CapEx into "Dry Stack" tailings solutions.
Mexico 2023 Mining Law Reform: Water permits are now conditional and revocable. 30-year concession limits. Halted open-pit expansions; forced investment in 
water recycling tech.
Chile 2022 Water Code Reform: Priorities human/ecosystem use.
2025 "Desalination Mandate": No new continental water rights for mines >2,000 masl.
100% of new capacity requires desalination + 
pumping (massive energy/equipment cost).
Brazil 2022 ANM Resolution: Complete ban on upstream dams. Strict de-characterization timelines enforced in 2026. Aggressive de-watering required to stabilize waste.
Canada 2024 Cross-Border IJC: Strict selenium limits in the Elk Valley (Teck) and BC/Alaska border. Water treatment facilities are now 15-20% of total 
site sustaining CapEx.
Peru 2025 ANA Drought Decree: New emergency decrees allow the state to curtail mining water usage by 30% during drought 
declarations.
Southern Peru Copper belt facing production cuts 
without efficiency upgrades.
• Water-stressed regions are seeing mine valuations discounted due to water security risks resulting in the need for higher capex spend as 
regulations continue to tighten.
• Australia and the EU have increased scrutiny and regulation around mine dewatering discharge into regional river systems and aquifers  
with legislation currently being debated. Several other jurisdictions implementing more tangible restrictions
Contact Information
22
Michael Alfaro
Founder & CIO
e: info@gallopartnerslp.com
