Private and Confidential – Not for Distribution 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GALLO PARTNERS , LP 
Investor Letter 
January 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                Page 2 of 12 
                      Private and Confidential – Not for Distribution 
DISCLAIMER:  
 
The information contained in this document is strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or distributed, in whole or in part, to 
any person or entity other than the recipients hereof.  “Fund” may refer Gallo Partners  LP, Gallo Partners’  Funds, products, or 
separately managed accounts. 
 
This Presentation is intended for information purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal, tax or financial advice, and a 
prospective investor should consult with his or her independent professional advisors as to the legal, tax, financial or othe r matters 
relevant to the suitability of an investment in the Fund. This document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any 
offer to buy which may only be made at the time a qualified offeree receives the fund’s confidential explanat ory memorandum or 
confidential private offering memorandum, the Fund’s subscription agreement, and the Fund’s governing documents (the “operati ve 
documents”). Any such offer or solicitation will be made only to qualified investors by means of the Fund’s applicable Confidential 
Private Placement Memorandum, as amended from time to time (each, a “Memorandum”), and other agreements associated with the 
applicable in vestment, each of which should be reviewed in its entirety prior to deciding whether to invest. I n the case of any 
inconsistency between the descriptions or terms in this document and the operative documents, the operative documents shall 
control. The interests/shares of the Fund shall not be offered or sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would 
be unlawful until the requirements of the laws of such jurisdiction have been satisfied.  While all the information prepared in this 
document is believed to be accurate, neither Gallo Partners or its affiliates or representatives (i) makes any express or implied warranty 
as to the completeness or accuracy of this presentation, (ii) shall be liable for errors appearing in the presentation, or (iii) has any duty 
to update this document or any of the information contained herein.  
 
This Presentation has not been approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or any other regulatory 
authority or securities commission.  
 
Any performance information depicted herein is not indicative of future performance or investment returns, and actual events o r 
conditions may not be consistent with, and may differ materially from, those depicted. Any projections, market outlooks or estimates 
in this document are forward -looking statements and are based upon certain assumptions. Other events which were not taken into 
account may occur and may significantly affect the returns or performance of the Fu nd.  
 
An investment in the Fund is speculative and entails a high degree of risk, including the risk of a total loss of capital.  Accordingly, such 
an investment should be undertaken only by investors capable of evaluating and bearing such risk.   Any investment in the Fund is 
illiquid, subject to significant transfer restrictions and investors should be prepared to bear such risk for an indefinite p eriod of time. 
There is no public or secondary market for the interests in the Fund, nor is one expected to develop.  None of the interests of the 
Fund has been or will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, and the Fund has not and will not be registered as 
an “investment company” under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940. No assurance can be given that the Fund’s investment 
objectives will be achieved or that investors will receive a return of their capital.   The information provided in this Presentation does 
not identify or include any risk or exposures, of which Gallo Partners may or may not  be aware, and that could materially adversely 
affect the performance or risk of the Fund.    
 
The development of an investment strategy, portfolio construction guidelines and risk management techniques for the Fund is a n 
ongoing process. Gallo Partners may modify its investment approach and portfolio parameters in the future without notice to investors 
in a manner which it believes is consistent with its overall investment objectives. Nothing in this Presentation shall in any way be 
deemed to limit the strategies, techniques, methods or processes which Gallo Partners may adopt for the Fund, the factors that Gallo 
Partners may take into account in analyzing investments for the Fund or the securities in which the Fund may invest.   Depending on 
conditions and trends in securities markets and the economy generally, Gallo Partners may pursue other objecti ves, or employ other 
strategies, techniques, methods or processes and/or invest in different types of securities, in each case, that it considers appropriate 
and in the best interest of the Fund without notice to, or the consent of, investors.  An investment in the fund is speculative and 
involves a high degree of risk. Opportunities for withdrawals /redemptions and transferability of interests /shares of the fund are 
restricted, so investors may not have access to capital when it is needed. There is no secondary market for the interests/shares of the 
fund and none is expected to develop. The portfolio, which is under the sole trading authority of the firm and its affiliates, may lack of 
diversification, which may result in higher risk. Leverage may be employed in the portfolio, which can make investment performance 
volatile. The fees and expenses charged in connection with this investment may be higher than the fees and expenses of other 
investment alternatives and may offset profits.  
 
Furthermore, many statements included herein are the subjective views of Gallo Partners, and other reasonable persons may hav e 
differing views. Unless it is unequivocally a statement of fact, any statement herein (even if not specifically qualified as an opinion (i.e., 
with language such as “in the opinion of” or “Gallo Partners believes that”)) should nevertheless be understood and interpreted as an 
opinion with which reasonable persons may disagree, and not as a material statement of fact that can be clea rly substantiated.   
From time to time, Gallo Partners may have investment positions in companies mentioned in this document. 
                                Page 3 of 12 
                      Private and Confidential – Not for Distribution 
Performance Review 
1 Performance refers to Gallo Partners Fund, LP “Low Net Fund” and Gallo Partners Directional Master Fund “Directional Fund”, collectively known as the 
“Funds”. Performance is reported as calculated by our fund administrator NAV Consulting using a weighted average across fee structure. 
For 2025 , Gallo Partners’ Low Net fund returned -0.3% while the Directional Fund returned + 18.1%.1 
Throughout the year, both funds largely focused on five core fundamental themes encompassing aerospace, 
artificial intelligence, engineering, environmental remediation, and energy security. And, as designed, both funds 
had largely overlapping long and short positions, with the exception of additional hedges in our low -net fund 
that sought to lower volatility and help mitigate certain factor exposures.  
Our Directional Fund aims to be more concentrated and often adds gross to positions when we believe 
there are fundamental dislocations such as general selloffs, thematic unwind, or a mispriced market. This strategy 
also aims to identify alpha shorts that are not necessarily hedges to the long  side of the book. The Directional 
Fund typically has ~30 positions used to express a few actionable themes. In 2025, the fund generally ran ~70% 
net long with ~85% gross deployed. 
Our Low Net Fund seeks to capitalize on the same fundamental opportunities  with lower volatility and 
emphases idiosyncratic returns. In 2025, the Low Net fund ran gross at the lower end of its 150%-200% target 
and was generally ~5% net long and 9% beta long across ~80 positions. 
We construct both portfolios by applying a three-pronged approach that identifies securities affected by new 
regulations whose underlying fundamentals are experiencing a rate of change. Gallo Partners’ investment process 
first involves comprehensive regulatory analysis by exploring emerging and established regulations with the goal 
of identifying policy shifts that create multi -year opportunities within a specific sub -sector. We then  conduct 
bottoms-up fundamental analysis and channel checks of that sub -sector to provide a dynamic view of relative 
upside and downside for a sub-set of names.   
Gallo Partners Low Net Fund - Net Rate of Return
Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sept Oct Nov Dec FY
2025 -0.05% -1.40% -1.25% 0.13% 0.37% 0.32% 1.00% 0.07% 1.25% 0.97% -0.87% -0.79% -0.29%
2024 1.22% 1.33% -0.02% -0.83% 0.05% -0.28% 0.12% 1.35% -1.15% 1.76%
Gallo Partners Directional Fund - Net Rate of Return
Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sept Oct Nov Dec FY
2025 2.81% -5.18% -6.89% 1.82% 8.37% 5.03% 6.30% 1.52% 2.93% 2.46% -1.05% -0.30% 18.11%
2024 0.74% 7.93% -4.37% 3.98%
                                Page 4 of 12 
                      Private and Confidential – Not for Distribution 
While we did several things well in 2025, the more valuable exercise is to focus on where we can improve 
and on the concrete changes we have implemented as we move forward. 
1) Short Alpha: This area proved to be challenging for market neutral and low net hedge funds  in 2025, 
as Goldman PB-measured equal weight long/short alpha was down 4.03%. Regardless, our objective is to 
deliver positive performance in any market environment. To deliver better short alpha, we are working 
more diligently on names that have structural challenges. Our diligence calls with management teams and 
the sell-side are more centered on business headwinds as a means to better identify risks and key tension 
points. The team has also been tasked with regularly presenting refreshed short ideas while ensuring that 
each sub-bucket of our portfolio has a balance of alpha shorts vs . relative underperformers that help 
mitigate factor exposures.  
2) Hit Rate: As a regulatory- and policy-focused fund, we navigated a period of heightened regulatory and 
policy uncertainty in 1H25. Management teams reacted to this uncertainty by withdrawing or moderating 
their full year outlooks. This made our forecasting more complicated and, as a result , hit rate dipped 
slightly below 50% during this period. To mitigate risks around earnings , we initially chose to spread 
investments across multiple names impacted by our core themes. While this successfully limited volatility, 
it also constrained our ability to generate positive idiosyncratic returns  in our Low Net Fund . We are 
confident in our ability to deliver superior results when concentrating positions and remaining steadfast 
in our thematic views. Applying this resulted in an improvement to our hit rate throughout 2H25. Our 
focus is to continue this cadence through 2026. 
3) Idio Contribution from All Sectors:  Certain sec tors such as chemicals and shipping impacted 
performance, despite closely adhering to our investment process that consistently generated alpha across 
other sectors. We took decisive action and reduced exposure to these idio-detracting themes and began 
leaning into idio-rewarding themes within Aerospace, E&C, AI, Metals & Mining, and Defense. To better 
track and control idio contr ibution, we are regularly dissecting each sub -bucket and theme in the 
portfolio for changes to fundamentals or market positioning. 
4) Balancing Unwind Beta:  Unwinds disproportionally impacted our Low Net fund , with shorts 
outperforming longsf during these periods and longs sluggishly recovering afterwards. In response, we 
hired a dedicated risk manager who has utilized our new risk system to develop proprietary screens that 
monitor for several unwind signals. The goal is to mitigate these events by deepening our tracking and 
understanding of crowding  and correlation to  custom baskets which  tend to drive non -fundamental 
moves in their basket components . We are more regularly stress testing our portfolios to measure 
against these historical unwinds to balance convexity.  
We want to  deliver the best for our investors  and these enhancements build upon an already strong 
investment process. While 2025 offered unique challenges, we believe the enhancements we have implemented 
across our core processes will translate into sustained alpha generation regardless of the market environment. 
                                Page 5 of 12 
                      Private and Confidential – Not for Distribution 
Team Update 
Over the past year, our team engaged in regular discussions about the evolving shape of the world and 
worked to identify compounding trends likely to persist well into the future. These discussions and analysis of 
data were key inputs in our team-build decisions. The result was four fantastic research hires with extensive 
knowledge and experience in the areas where we see long-term fundamental opportunities. 
Alan Li (CFA) is a macroeconomic and quantitative risk manager with expertise in portfolio optimization 
in accordance with macroeconomic conditions and factor exposures. Prior to joining the firm, Alan was head of 
derivatives and a risk manager at Natixis North America  since 2018 covering the US oil and gas sector. From 
2010-2018, Alan was executive director and senior trader at Rabobank for linear and non -linear energy 
commodity derivatives. Alan received his MBA from Columbia University in 2017. He receiv ed a BA in 
Mathematics and a BA in Economics from Cornell University in 2010. 
Dominykas Skvernelis is an investment analyst specializing in the civil aerospace and defense sectors. 
Prior to joining the firm, Dominykas was an investment analyst at Schonfeld covering the  aerospace, defense, 
and airlines sectors. From 2020 to 2023, he covered these sectors as an investment analyst at Covalis Capital. 
Dominykas began his career in 2016 at UAB Solid ėja on the financial analysis team, where he provided 
management consulting services to clients. He studied at ISM University of Management and Economics and 
received his BSc in Economics in 2016 and his MSc in Financial Economics in 2019. 
Evan Fox (JD) is an investment analyst specializing in multi-industrials. Prior to joining Gallo Partners, Evan 
was a long/short equities Portfolio Manager at E Squared Capital Management for 12 years, where he covered 
the industrials sector. From 2005-2013, Evan worked as an equities analyst at Millennium Management, Circle -
T Partners, and Rosecliff Capital, utilizing detailed fundamental analysis to develop original investment ideas 
within the industrials and materials sectors. Evan began his career in 20 02 as a New York corporate/securities 
and litigation attorney before making his transition to Wall Street. Evan received his JD from Brooklyn Law 
School in 2002 and received a BA in Economics with a Legal Studies concentration from Brandeis University. 
Aurimas Barkauskas is an investment analyst specializing in the resource sectors. Most recently, Aurimas 
was an analyst at Schonfeld from 2022 to 2024, where he covered metals and mining while also managing a team 
responsible for iron/steel and pulp/paper sectors.  From 2013 to 2022, he served as a senior analyst at Covalis 
Capital, developing a substantial breadth of coverage in the materials space including base metals, industrials, 
power, and gas/coal markets. He studied at the Stockholm School of Economics in Riga, receiving his BSc in 
Economics and Business with specialization in Finance in 2013. 
We have a talented team in place united by a shared goal of delivering consistent performance for our 
investors. This is a team that  understands the importance of a disciplined investment process and continually 
seeks ways to refine and build on what has proven effective . To reinforce an owner’s mindset, each team 
member has equity in the business, and I am pleased to note that they have continued to invest in our funds 
alongside our clients throughout the year.  
                                Page 6 of 12 
                      Private and Confidential – Not for Distribution 
The Key Events of 2025 
2025 turned out to be a year in which both a lot happened and nothing happened. If you went to sleep on 
December 31, 2024, and woke up on January 1, 2026, you  would see a nice mid-teens return in the S&P, 
continued outperformance by the Mag 7, and AI/data centers as the topic du-jour. Yet, the volatility under the 
surface and within individual themes was tremendous.  
Deep Seek 
The first AI related sell-off this year came in late January following concerns around efficiency of Deep Seek 
language models. The fear was that this  efficiency meant fewer data centers would be needed. Our view has, 
and continues to be, that hyper-scalers want as much compute as possible. Therefore, efficiency simply translates 
to better value for every dollar spent, rather than meaning the notional they spent will decrease.  
Liberation Day and TACOing 
Tariff surprises were the next crisis. Trump has, for the past 20 years, proclaimed that the greatest word in 
the English language is tariffs. While we expected him to enact tariffs – and were probably more cautious than 
peers – we were admittedly still caught off-guard by the math used to calculate retaliatory tariffs. Despite the 
substantial market selloffs, Trump seemed like he was ready to hold out, and perhaps that bluff was part of his 
strategy, but he surprised the markets again with a 90-day pause and extension after extension. 
Negotiations with China seem to be the lasting prickly point. China’s role in the critical material supply 
continues to be viewed as a risk to national security. As negotiations fell apart, the administration took the 
unprecedented move  of taking direct equity stakes in U .S. corporations and working to onshore certain 
manufacturing and mining operations.  
DOGE 
As this was happening, Elon Musk entered public service looking to find fraud , corruption and government 
inefficiencies. This caused a severe re-rating on government contractors. However, a few months later, DOGE 
called its mission a success , despite falling substantially short of its goal of $2 trillion in cuts, with only ~$200 
million achieved. Despite this fact, impacted names continued to trade at weakened multiples as the focus on 
wasteful spending was reinvigorated by concerns around affordability.  
Fed Policy 
Meanwhile, Jerome Powell became the unexpected punching bag with the most contentious and public back 
and forth between a president and Fed in recent history. Trump wants lower rates , while Powell is more data 
driven. As the year progressed, we saw data push the Fed towards Trump ’s view and rates finally begin to 
decrease. Our expectation is that this will continue to provide a floor to certain cyclical names as the overhang 
of rate cuts will cause short rallies. It is helpful to point out that economic information continues to be somewhat 
positive, even if there is noise from job weakness. We continue to be vigilant in looking at this data with the 
following two points: 1) Trump will do everything in his power to show positive data that paints his 
administration in a good light, and 2) It is very easy to discount positive data as manufactured, knowing point 1.  
                                Page 7 of 12 
                      Private and Confidential – Not for Distribution 
What Does 2026 Look Like? 
Trump is seeking ways to cement the legacy he wants. His ideal scenario is to be compared to McKinley on 
tariffs, Jefferson on land expansion (Greenland?), and Teddy Roosevelt on foreign policy (although he missed the 
memo on the “speak softly” part). But it is becoming clear er that his unpredictable actions are guided by the 
same predictable themes. Compared to 2025, we are spending less time trying to chase the noise and more 
time digging into the long-term structural themes that we believe will drive the fundamentals in our investments. 
Our analysis suggests there are a few core themes that will allow investors to deliver positive idiosyncratic 
performance in 202 6 and beyond.  We discuss these themes in-depth in our presentation, “Gallo Partners: 
Regulatory Investing in 2026 and Beyond”. 
• Defense Spending:  Global defense spending is entering a structurally higher phase as Europe rearms 
and the U.S.  modernizes its armory . NATO’s move toward a 3.5% -of-GDP target provides long-term 
visibility, with incremental budgets flowing primarily to equipment rather than personnel . The outcome 
of the war in Ukraine matters less for spending than the lasting reassessment of Russian military capability. 
At the same time, defense priorities are shifting materially toward tech-enabled systems with U.S. funding 
increasing sharply, particularly for Naval systems. Together, these dynamics point to a prolonged defense 
cycle favoring suppliers aligned with advanced systems, autonomy, and sustained modernization. 
• U.S. Infrastructure: We believe the administration will put forth a new effort to high-grade America's 
infrastructure. Our diligence suggests an emerging effort for a 2.0 plan that will focus more on grid 
hardening and heavy civil , creating long-term tail winds for exposed companies in our portfolio. We 
believe such a plan will be announced in 1H26. Meanwhile, the $1.2 trillion Infrastructure Investment and 
Jobs Act (IIJA) continues to drive significant investment across sectors with ~60% of the funding yet to 
be deployed.  
• Aerospace Bottlenecks: Federal production restrictions combined with growing civil demand and 
increased defense spending have created a massive supply/demand mismatch that we believe will remain 
present in different forms throughout the next decade. A new leg to the story has the market ascribing 
value to the potential to deploy  aeroderivative turbines as an unconventional solution that bypasses 
multi-year waiting lists for sources of power. 
• Power Constraints: Insatiable demand and unprecedented spending means that AI and its effects will 
continue to be a dominant theme across markets for the foreseeable future.  However, not all themes 
within AI are winners. We believe there will be a greater need to navigate idiosyncratic opportunities 
vs. taking a purely directional view. For example, we favor a relative underweight for the IPPs vs. other 
opportunities such as memory, turbine manufacturing, and certain datacenter builders. 
• Affordability: Affordability was the core focus leading to Democrat ic victories in NJ, VA, and NYC  
elections. With mid-term elections later this year , Trump’s focus will be on making the average voter 
happy which will mean dealing with higher insurance, power, and housing bills . Politicians attempted to 
address affordability in several ways this past year across housing with interest rates, FICO pricing, and 
increased mortgage duration. More tangibly, we are seeing an emerging theme impacting utilities with 
public utility commissions and legislators rejecting rate increases and asset sales. 
                                Page 8 of 12 
                      Private and Confidential – Not for Distribution 
• Next-gen Remediation : Despite early fears of regulatory rollback, recent Trump administration 
actions reinforce our view that environmental regulation and remediation remain broadly bipartisan. This 
misperception resulted in the market undervaluing names based on the belief that the current 
administration is at odds with environmental  remediation. But we believe concerns about dismantling 
the EPA or regulatory agencies are now shown to be overblown and companies should re -rate as 
earnings grow. 
• Metals and Materials: Weakness in U.S. supply chains was revealed during the tariff episode, with the 
U.S. realizing the need to build and develop domestic infrastructure to secure domestic mineral supplies. 
The U.S. government took the extraordinary step to build equity stakes in firms seeking to extract and 
process critical material. Meanwhile, geopolitical uncertainties coupled with massive str uctural demand 
from electrification continue to push metals prices to new highs . We anticipate this focus on strategic 
decoupling and fundamental demand will continue. 
 
  
                                Page 9 of 12 
                      Private and Confidential – Not for Distribution 
Our Two Cents on Market Debates 
Is AI a bubble? 
No. It’s difficult to answer this question without a lot of nuance. Certainly, areas of the AI space are over-
earning, and we even expect some companies will go belly-up. But just broadly, we have AI models that perform 
better with additional compute, we have the most profitable companies in history competing to build better 
models, and the models (ChatGPT as example) are the fastest adopted consumer products in history. We think 
2026 will have more diversity on winners and losers than 2025 (where everyone was a winner), but AI is here 
to stay.  
Will SCOTUS uphold tariffs? 
We are leaning no. SCOTUS is set to announce a decision on January 9. Lower courts have already ruled 
against the tariffs, finding that the law, which does not explicitly mention tariffs, does not grant the president 
unlimited authority to set trade policy . Though, President Trump can merely change the classification of 
tariffs/expand Section 232 Sectoral Tariffs and launch a series of section 301 cases . Simply put, he has other 
levers to achieve his desired outcome. 
What lies ahead for the Russia/Ukraine war? 
More of the same.  We won’t attempt to explain the compl exities of peace negotiations in a few senten ces 
here. But consider this perspective:  
The Ukrainian mindset centers on the notion that long -term survival depends on 1) preventing further 
attacks, 2) preserving sovereignty, and 3) securing external guarantees. Importantly, repopulation is a key factor 
that remains at the center of Western misperception . More than 5 million people fled Ukraine; many would 
only return if they felt an abundance of safety. Given this potential prize, the Ukrainian government is more 
tolerable of losses than some may speculate.  
The Russian mindset surrounds the threat of regime change , with an unwavering view that survival of the 
regime depends on 1) securing the Donbas fortress belt, ousting the Ukrainian regime ; 2) preventing Ukraine 
from securing architectures that would put NATO member troops on Ukrainian soil ; and 3) securing sanction 
relief. 
Trump wants the title of peacemaker, and we expect him to  explore unconventional ways to maintain 
pressure on both sides. But for now, the bid-ask between Ukraine and Russia continues to be quite wide.  
Will China invade Taiwan in 2026? 
Unlikely. China continues to instigate and pressure Taiwan. In our view, this will get worse . However, the 
U.S. and allies continue to be the key deterrent so long as Taiwan continues to pr ovide critical components 
                                Page 10 of 12 
                      Private and Confidential – Not for Distribution 
necessary for AI. However, things will likely change when semiconductor supply chains are built out and require 
less reliance on Taiwan post-2028.  
Was capturing Maduro actually about drug trafficking? 
Probably not. The decision to conduct military operations in Venezuela is part of a global chess game. In our 
view, this was more about 1) causing pain to China by threatening their investments in the country as well as 
their cheap supply of sanctioned oil (estimated at $45/Bbl vs spot $60/Bbl); 2) threatening Iran as Venezuela acts 
as an offshore hub for financing and logistics of groups like Hezbollah, while this surgical action sends a message 
to Khamenei about the vulnerability of regimes ; 3) disrupt ing Russia’s most strategic ally in the western 
hemisphere, as it limits their ability to challenge the U.S. in its own backyard; and 4) ultimately leading to higher 
oil production which, in turn, further weakens Iran and Russia. 
Will the situation in Venezuela drive oil prices lower? 
Not directly. The fundamental impact on oil prices will be muted in the near-term given that proved reserves 
in Venezuela are likely largely overstated and substantial investment (~$10 billion of capex per year for a decade) 
is required to lift production back to highs. With respect to specific impacts for companies, Venezuela is only 
~2.5% of Chevron ’s revenues a nd we believe management is unlikely to expand operations until there are 
multiple years of stability. Even then, the company is shifting operations toward short -cycle production vs. the 
traditional production opportunities in the country. On the other hand, it’s  worth highlighting the unique 
idiosyncratic opportunity for ConocoPhillips, which holds an ~$11billion arbitration award against Venezuela 
that remains unpaid. The market largely prices this at zero, but increased U.S. involvement suggests there should 
be some value assigned here. 
Will other leaders be ousted such as those in Colombia and Cuba? 
Probably not. Rubio has been influential in pushing against the Communist regime in Venezuela, and while the 
next target may obviously be Cuba, the lack of natural resources, “narco -terrorist” narrative, and internal 
political opposition make it less attractive. Colombia is better, bu t presidential elections are set for May 2026 
and Petro is constitutionally barred from seeking another term. Therefore, *if* any action takes place, it would 
most likely be well after this event. 
Will the United States get Greenland? 
Formally, no. Military action as a means to force control of Greenland is highly unlikely and would trigger a 
response from NATO. However, we believe the U.S. will become more aggressive in deepening economic ties 
with the island. Outside of the strategic military advantages Greenland offers, there is also the potential for 
vast deposits of critical minerals. We have an industry colleague that has poured capital into mineral rights that 
are largely undiscoverable today. They are taking the view that technology and climate change will unlock a 
massive opportunity for generations to come.  
 
  
                                Page 11 of 12 
                      Private and Confidential – Not for Distribution 
Closing 
Our team has hit a nice stride . The cross-collaboration I witness , coupled with the refinements to our 
investment process, reinforces my confidence that we will capitalize on several opportunities ahead. We remain 
focused on our goal of delivering alpha through any environment and will continue to be dynamic in our thinking 
as we embrace an ever-evolving market. I view our partnerships as long-term, and our team will work hard to 
deliver results for our investors. I am available and happy to discuss our ideas in-depth, discuss policy matters, 
and lend my perspective on markets. 
Importantly, I want to thank our investors, industry peers, family, and friends  who all want to see Gallo 
Partners succeed. The support of these individuals allows us to continue to do what we love. 
 
Sincerely, 
Michael Alfaro 
 
 
CIO, Gallo Partners 
 
  
Private and Confidential – Not for Distribution 
Some 2025 Team Photos
