FOR ADVISOR AND INSTITUTIONAL USE ONLY – NOT TO BE SHARED WITH RETAIL INVESTORS 
May 19, 2026 
Gotham Quarterly Letter – First Quarter 2026 
The S&P 500 and Russell 1000 returned -4.3% and -4.2% respectively in Q1 2026. The Russell 2000, a 
small-cap benchmark, was up 0.9% for the quarter. The Russell 1000 Growth was -9.8% for the quarter, 
underperforming the Russell 1000 Value which was +2.1%. The Russell 1000 Equal Weight returned 5.3% 
for the quarter.  The outperformance of Value over Growth, equal weight indices over market cap 
weighted Indices, and small-cap stocks over large-cap stocks all mark a reversal of the dominant market 
trends over the past decade.  Long/short spreads were generally flat or up across our strategies for the 
quarter, with our all-cap strategies benefitting from the relative performance of the equal weighted 
universe.   
Concerns over the war in the Middle East, surging energy prices, and potential inflation that led markets 
down in March quickly gave way to strong corporate earnings and evergreen AI optimism in April.  
Markets rebounded sharply, with the S&P 500 up 8.5% YTD at the writing of this letter.  The S&P 500 
trades at a 3.0% cash flow yield based on Gotham’s proprietary metrics (“Gotham Yield”)1, its most 
expensive observation over our 30+ year research history. Cumulative two-year forward returns from 
comparable levels in the past have averaged 3% -5%.  The Russell 2000 is trading at a 0.7% Gotham Yield, 
also the most expensive observation in our data set to January 1990. Two-year forward returns have 
been slightly negative from these levels.  The Russell 1000 Equal Weight index currently trades at a 4.3% 
Gotham Yield, placing it in the 18th percentile over our research history.  From these levels, two-year 
forward returns for this benchmark have averaged 13% - 15% over our research history.   
US equities are objectively expensive, but we feel there are important nuances to address.  The first is 
that the decline in cash flow yields in recent quarters has been driven by accelerated capital 
expenditures, not a decline in operating earnings.  Pre-tax operating earnings have generally accelerated 
in-line with share prices.  In contrast, capital expenditures for S&P 500 companies have increased 45% 
on a YoY basis, with the spend by hyperscalers alone going from $400B in 2025 to $700B in 2026.  These 
figures are staggering and dwarf capital expenditures from the shale oil boom in 2010-2014 (peaked at 
$250B in 2014 before collapsing) and the US telecom buildout in 1998 – 2000 (peaked at $220B before 
collapsing).  This cycle is unique in that the majority of the capital expenditures are being financed via 
cash flow from operations. While U.S. equities still remain expensive by our measures, these 
extenuating factors suggest the valuation picture may be less extreme than headline Gotham Yields 
imply. As always, these valuation observations are not intended to predict the timing or direction of 
near-term market moves. 
Beyond index level valuations, we are optimistic about the opportunities for long/short spread 
generation in our strategies going forward.  Dispersion amongst returns of securities in the US equity 
market continues to be elevated relative to 2021- 2024 levels, providing the opportunity for stock picking 
to generate differentiated returns.  Despite the market being +8.5% YTD, close to 40% of the stocks in 
the Russell 1000 are down YTD.  Many businesses are meaningful downstream beneficiaries of the AI 
supercycle and trade at reasonable valuations without the associated CapEx spend.  Conversely, there 
are many perceived AI beneficiaries whose share prices have meaningfully decoupled from their 
 
1 Gotham Yield is defined as Recurring, Pre-Tax Operational Free Cash Flow divided by Adjusted Enterprise Value. 
 
 
operating fundamentals.  We believe that a disciplined, systematic process to identify and capitalize on 
these mispricing will lead to attractive risk-adjusted returns.  
Recent quarterly CIO letters have focused on our differentiated definition of value, systematic risk 
management, and long/short spread generation.  In the pages that follow, we share two brief case 
studies that highlight our fundamental research process which remains a core component of  our 
systematic portfolio construction process.  We believe it is a true differentiator amongst long/short 
equity managers that offer highly diversified portfolios.  Stocks are ownership shares in businesses that 
we evaluate every single day.  Before portfolios can be optimized and risks managed, we must be 
confident that we are assessing companies based on their actual cash economics.  
Fundamental Analysis Case Studies 
Our research team is not making projections on the companies we cover.  They utilize primary financial 
documents as a starting point to build a model for each company that allows us to make fair 
comparisons across the US equity universe.  We remove non-operational items, adjust for one-time 
charges, review revenue recognition policies, adjust for corporate actions, and try to understand issues 
germane to each business that could affect the quality of reported financials.  The team that does this 
work is well tenured (10+ years at Gotham for all analysts) and has had very low turnover.  The work they 
do provides the proprietary data set we utilize for our rankings-based portfolio construction process.   
 
Western Digital/Sandisk Spin-Off 
 
Companies in our coverage universe frequently undergo corporate actions that result in new entities 
with operating cash flows and fundamentals that are different than what is reflected in GAAP financials.  
We believe this is an area where our seasoned research team provides an edge by having better data 
than what is available in third-party databases.  
 
Western Digital (WDC)2 completed the spin-off of its flash memory business Sandisk (SNDK) on February 
24, 2025 and shares repriced from $68.70 to $49.01 to reflect the value of distributed SNDK shares, as 
holders received one share of SNDK for every 3 shares of WDC owned.  Our research team updated our 
internal database prior to the spin so we could value these businesses based on our key metrics.  SNDK 
did not file its first 10Q until March 7, 2025, and the data was largely distorted by the transaction.  WDC 
did not file its 10Q until May 2.    
 
Beyond 10Qs, and 10Ks, companies undergoing spin-offs are required to file a less well known “Form 
10”.  Our research team had thoroughly reviewed and analyzed the Form 10 filing that was publicly 
available in Q4 2024 and planned for the transaction.   
• The revenue, operating earnings, tangible capital, and net debt associated from SNDK had to be 
stripped out of the figures for WDC.  These numbers would form the baseline for our model on 
SNDK.   
• The baseline figures for SNDK had to be adjusted for pro-forma standalone corporate expenses. 
 
2 This is not a recommendation to buy, hold, or sell any security. 
 
 
• SNDK issued $2B of debt in connection with the spin and made a $920M distribution to WDC.  
We effectively needed to increase the enterprise value of SNDK from baseline figures and 
decrease the WDC EV by the same figure.   
• WDC retained a 19.9% stake in SNDK following the distribution. 
 
This work was completed well in advance of the actual spin-off.  Shares in SNDK started trading in the 
when-issued market approximately two weeks before actual spin-off.  This gave us the ability to assess 
where SNDK and WDC would be valued in advance of the actual transaction.  Both SNDK and WDC 
traded at attractive valuations following the spin, and their share prices declined during the tariff sell-off 
in April that year.  At the time, WDC traded at ~7x our cash flow metric, sales were growing, net debt was 
modest, and the balance sheet was not consuming cash.  We started buying shares of WDC in GARIX in 
early April and continue to hold today.  
 
WDC was a larger position in both GARIX and GINDX on average throughout 2025 and Q1 2026.3  We 
have been taking gains in the position this year in line with our risk management policies but still hold 
meaningful positions in both GARIX and GINDX. Even with the strong price appreciation YTD, the stock 
only trades at a 25% premium to the S&P 500, a valuation that may prove fair for a business that has 
tripled free cash flow on a YoY basis.  
 
WDC offers two key takeaways.  The first is that if something goes right for a business that trades at 8x 
FCF, the share price can justifiably appreciate much faster than the cash flows. The second is that had we 
been utilizing a third-party database, the trailing twelve-month data for WDC would have been 
incoherent for all of 2025, and we would not have established a position in WDC.  
 
Avis 
 
Warren Buffett has famously called the stock market a “no-called strikes game – you don’t have to swing 
at everything, you can wait for your fat pitch.”  Our investing framework is different than Buffett’s – we 
run highly diversified portfolios such that a fat pitch might mean a 75bps position.  However, we do share 
the belief in taking pitches, and from time to time we come across stocks that we choose to not hold 
long or short. Avis is one such company.4  They routinely move vehicles on and off their balance sheet 
and utilize related party financing.  There is not a mechanism to cleanly assess the cash economics of the 
business.  We decided long ago to simply exclude the stock from our universe. 
 
Avis did have losses from operations (even excluding one-time charges) in 2024 and 2025 with declining 
sales and meaningful debt on the balance sheet.  In most screening mechanisms, it would rank as a short 
based on these metrics.  It became a quite crowded short in April 2026 and went from $100/share to 
$700+ in a short period of time.  It has since declined but remains 45% above its pre-squeeze price.   
 
We avoid similar companies that play shell games with asset financing.  We also tend to avoid businesses 
where net debt represents the significant majority of enterprise value, or companies where non-
 
3 For the period Q2 2025-Q1 2026, WDC's average weight in the portfolios of GARIX and GINDX ranged from 0.57%-
1.79% and 0.07%-2.24%, respectively. Holdings are subject to change. 
4 This is not a recommendation to buy, hold, or sell any security. 
 
 
fundamental factors are the key driver of the stock price (i.e. litigation outcomes, ownership in Bitcoin, 
etc).   
 
The key takeaway from AVIS is that our team of analysts, all trained by our CIOs, think about each stock 
in our coverage universe as a business.  Our FCF based framework has historically worked well to value 
many different types of businesses.  If we do not feel we can accurately assess FCF, or our framework 
cannot value a business, we make the decision to pass on that stock.  We believe this not only mitigates 
risk but can potentially only enhance the returns over time associated with a systematic portfolio 
construction process.  
 
Business Update 
• We launched a second vintage of the Gotham Triple Exchange Fund LP in March. Investors in 
these partnerships exchanged shares of AAPL and NVDA for partnership interests that are 
diversifying the contributed securities into SPY.  These vehicles have already diversified ~20% of 
the contributed positions while generating net of fee investment alpha.  We plan to launch 
another vintage later this year for a much-anticipated June IPO.  
• We currently manage over $15B in tax advantaged strategies. We encourage anyone interested 
in diversifying low-basis concentrated positions, managing liquidity events, or interested in 
transitioning frozen long-only tax-loss-harvesting SMAs to call our team and learn more. 
• Initial investors in the Gotham Triple Advantage S&P 500 strategy have outperformed the S&P 
500 net of fees by 1.9% annualized since inception in a tax efficient fashion.5  
• Assets in the Gotham Index Plus Strategy (GINDX) are at $1.3B following outperformance and 
recent flows.  GINDX has outperformed the S&P 500 on a trailing 1, 3, 5, and 10-year basis and 
since inception, with both the long and short sides of the portfolio generating alpha relative to 
the S&P 500.6 The strategy is rated 5 stars overall by Morningstar and is in the top decile of its 
peer group since inception. 7   
Thank you for your trust and partnership. We hope that you and your families are well. Feel free to 
contact us anytime. In addition, Clint Kugler and Barkha Kumar are available to provide information and 
answer your question at 212-319-4100.  
Sincerely, 
 
 
Joel Greenblatt and Robert Goldstein 
Managing Principals and Co-Chief 
Investment Officers 
 
5 Performance quoted is of Gotham Triple Advantage S&P 500 Strategy LP – Series A as of 3/31/2026. The fund has 
multiple series and classes with different investment strategies, characteristics, fees and terms, as set forth in the 
fund's offering documents. Please see Important Information.  
6 GINDX inception date is March 31, 2015. Please see Important Information for standardized performance. 
7 Morningstar overall star rating based on risk-adjusted returns among 1,212 Large Blend funds as of 3/31/2026. 
Morningstar percentile ranking as of 3/31/2026 based on total returns among 1,016 Large Blend funds in the Large 
Blend category. Please see Important Information. 
 
 
Important Information 
This document contains forward-looking statements regarding future events, forecasts and expectations 
regarding equity markets and certain of Gotham's strategies.   Forward-looking statements may be 
identified terminology such terms as "may," "expect," "wil l," "hope," "believe" and/or comparable 
terminology.  No assurance, representation, or warranty is made that any of Gotham's expectations, views 
and/or objectives will be achieved, and actual results may be significantly different than reflected herein. 
This document is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any security or investment 
product.  The information herein is not a recommendation to buy, hold, or sell any security mentioned 
herein.   
Market valuations and Gotham cash flow yield are based on Gotham's research metrics and are no 
guarantee or projection of future performance. Index valuations are based on Gotham's valuation 
methodology and are as of May 10, 2026.  Past performance is no guarantee of future results.  
Long/Short spread is defined as how much the long portfolio outperformed the short portfolio adjusted 
for leverage (i.e. 100% long the long portfolio less 100% long the short portfolio). Long and Short portfolio 
100% returns are calculated by dividing side contribution by side leverage as a % of equity for the specified 
period. Long/Short Spreads are approximate, presented gross of investment advisory fees and operating 
expenses (including, but not limited to, interest expense and costs associated with the shorting of 
securities) and include the reinvestment of all income.   
The market indices mentioned herein are broad -based securities indexes, are unmanaged and are not 
subject to fees and expenses typically associated with investment funds.   Investments cannot be made 
directly in an index.  The performance and volatility of Gotham's strategies will be different than those of 
the indices.  Returns for the indices include the reinvestment of income. 
Gotham Absolute Return Fund (GARIX) and Gotham Index Plus Fund (GINDX) 
 
For the trailing 1 -, 3 -, 5, and 10-year time periods ending 3/31/2026, on an annualized basis, G INDX 
returned 19.49%, 20.84%, 14.61%, and 14.24%, respectively; the S&P 500 Total Return Index returned 
17.80%, 18.23%, 12.06%, and 14.16%, respectively. Since its inception on 3/31/2015 through 3/31/2026, 
on an annualized basis GINDX returned 13.39% versus 12.97% for the S&P 500 Total Return Index.   
 
The Morningstar RatingTM (“star rating”) is calculated for funds with at least a 3 -year history. Exchange-
traded and open-end mutual funds are combined into a single population for comparative purposes. It is 
calculated based on a Morningstar Risk -Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's 
monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of funds in each fund category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, 
the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall 
Morningstar RatingTM is a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund’s 3 -, 5-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar RatingTM metrics. In the Large Blend category, for the trailing 3 -
year, 5-year, and 10-year time periods through 3/31/2026, GINDX was rated 5 stars among 1,212 funds, 5 
stars among 1,122 funds, and 5 stars among 886 funds, respectively. 
 
Morningstar category percentile rankings are based on a fund’s total return compared to its Morningstar 
peer group of exchange-traded and open-end mutual funds. The highest percentile rank is 1 and the lowest 
percentile rank is 100.  In the Large Blend Category, for the trailing 1-year, 3-year, 5-year, 10-year and since 
inception time periods through 3/31/2026, the Morningstar ranking for GINDX was 20th percentile among 
 
 
1,312 funds, 5th percentile among 1,212 funds, , 2nd percentile among 1,122 funds, 12th percentile among 
886 funds, and 8th percentile among 1,016 funds. ©Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  The information 
contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or 
distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely.  Neither Morningstar nor its 
content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.  
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance is no guarantee of future 
results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that an investor's shares upon redemption 
may be worth more or less than their original cost. Returns would have been lower if certain expenses had 
not been reduced or reimbursed. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance 
quoted here. To obtain performance current to the most recent month -end, please visit 
www.gothamfunds.com/performance.aspx. 
Mutual fund investing involves risks, including possible loss of principal.  An  investor should consider 
the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the fund carefully before investing. The 
prospectus and summary prospectus contains this and other information about the fund. To obtain a 
copy of the prospectus and summary prospectus, please visit www.GothamFunds.com. The prospectus 
and summary prospectus should be read carefully before investing. 
Gotham Absolute Return Fund and Gotham Index Plus Fund shares are distributed by Foreside Funds 
Distributors LLC.  
Gotham Triple Advantage S&P 500 Strategy LP and Gotham Triple Exchange Fund LP 
Gotham Triple Advantage S&P 500 Strategy LP is a Delaware series limited partnership. The fund has 
multiple series (each, a “Series”) and classes with different investment strategies, characteristics, fees and 
terms, as set forth in the fund’s offering documents. The fund has both commingled and custom series. 
Each commingled Series is comprised of an S&P 500 ETF as the base portfolio and an actively managed 
market neutral long/short equity portfolio (“Market Neutral Overlay”). The securities in the Market 
Neutral Overlay are chosen primarily from the Russell 1000 universe . While Gotham utilizes the same 
fundamental research framework and portfolio construction methodology for the Market Neutral Overlay 
of all Series of the fund, each Series’ portfolio is managed subject to its own risk and tax parameters, with 
the aim to maximize performance and control volatility, while accounting for the tax characteristics of that 
Series. The holdings and performance of the Market Neutral Overlay of each Series will 
differ.  Performance presented herein is of Series A, the longest running Series of the Fund.  The inception 
date of Series A is January 4, 2021. 
Any offering in Gotham Triple Advantage S&P 500 Strategy LP or Gotham Triple Exchange Fund LP (the 
"Funds") is made only pursuant to the applicable confidential offering memorandum and is subject to the 
governing documents of the  Fund and  applicable series of the Fund. Limited partnership interests 
(“Interests”) are sold in private placements primarily to a limited number of U.S. persons meeting certain 
eligibility requirements. Neither the Funds nor any series is registered as an Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended; and Interests are not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
The Funds are Delaware series limited partnerships. The Funds have multiple series (each, a “Series”) and 
classes with different investment strategies, characteristics, fees and terms, as set forth in the Fund’s 
offering documents.  
 
 
An investment in the Funds is subject to significant risks and may result in the loss of all or part of the 
investment. There can be no assurance that the Funds will achieve their investment objectives. While 
Gotham intends to manage the Funds in a tax-efficient manner, there is no guarantee it will be able to do 
so.  Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 
Prospective investors should consult with their own legal, tax, and financial advisors about the risks of an 
investment in the Fund s. In general, Interests are not transferable, and conditions are placed on 
withdrawals. See the applicable offering and governing documents for details. A short sale involves the 
risk of a theoretically unlimited increase in the market price of the security that could result in an uncapped 
loss. A market that moves adversely to a Fund’s short investments could result in substantial losses to the 
Fund. 
Clint Kugler and Barkha Kumar are registered representatives of Foreside. Foreside is not affiliated with 
Gotham Asset Management, LLC. 
FOR ADVISOR AND INSTITUTIONAL USE ONLY – NOT TO BE SHARED WITH RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
T222.2603
