GRAND SLAM ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC 
2160 N. Central Road, Suite 306 – Fort Lee, NJ 07024 – 201-346-4335 
WE INVEST IN COMPANIES. WE DON’T JUST BUY STOCKS 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Investor,  
In March, Grand Slam Capital Partners, L.P. ( the “Fund”) was down -2.50%* net of all fees and expenses  (returns for 
individual investors may vary based on fee class, New Issue eligibility and High -Watermarks*), compared to the Russell 
2000 and the S&P 500  being down -5.17% and down -5.09%, respectively. Year to date, the Fund is down -2.25% 
compared to a gain of 0.58% and a loss of -4.63% for the Russell 2000 and the S&P 500, respectively. The Fund has 
generated a compound annual return of 8.11%* since its inception in April of 2001. This compares to 6.89%* and 6.82%* 
compound annual returns for the Russell 2000 and S&P 500, respectively, over the same period. 
Geopolitics and the expanding conflict in the Middle East dominated markets in March. Iran’s effective closure of the 
Strait of Hormuz, a critical energy transit route, led to a severe supply shock in oil markets. Brent crude surged above 
$110 per barrel during the month, its largest monthly increase in decades. This sudden energy shock reignited inflation 
concerns and triggered a broad risk -off move across equities. The S&P 500 fell more than 5%, its worst monthly 
performance since 2022, while the Nasdaq and Russell indices experienced similar drawdowns. Notably, the sell-off was 
broad and highly correlated, with both growth and value stocks declining in tandem. Equal-weight, mid-cap, and cyclical 
segments—areas that had shown improving breadth earlier in the quarter—also sold off as investors shifted from rotation 
to outright de-risking. 
Inflation data for March reflected the immediate impact of higher energy prices. Headline CPI rose to 3.3% 
year-over-year, up sharply from 2.4% in February, marking the fastest monthly acceleration since 2022. The increase was 
overwhelmingly driven by energy, with gasoline prices rising more than 20% month-over-month. Importantly for markets, 
core CPI remained relatively contained at 2.6%, suggesting the inflation shock was supply -driven rather than 
demand-driven—though still problematic for monetary policy. 
Grand Slam performed better than the markets during the month for a number of reasons, including benefiting from our 
short exposure. In addition, one of our non-core investments sold a division for more than the company had previously 
been valued at; we exited the investment with a strong gain. Finally, we have a number of investments in oil and gas 
producers that are benefiting from the high oil prices caused by the current conflict. Somewhat surprisingly, while these 
investments are up, they have not appreciated as much as one might expect because the market anticipates oil prices will 
decline significantly in the coming months. We believe the market is overly optimistic and that oil prices will remain 
elevated in the medium term  and that these investment s will provide a good hedge against any higher-than-expected 
inflation in the coming months. 
We invite you to reach out to us with any questions or comments.  
Sincerely, 
Mitch     Erik   
Mitchell Sacks    Erik Volfing  
GRAND SLAM ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC 
March 2026 Results – April 13, 2026 
 
 
GRAND SLAM ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC 
2160 N. Central Road, Suite 306 – Fort Lee, NJ 07024 – 201-346-4335 
WE INVEST IN COMPANIES. WE DON’T JUST BUY STOCKS 

 
GRAND SLAM ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC 
2160 N. Central Road, Suite 306 – Fort Lee, NJ 07024 – 201-346-4335 
WE INVEST IN COMPANIES. WE DON’T JUST BUY STOCKS 
Important Notes 
This letter is being furnished by Grand Slam Asset Management, LLC (the “Investment Manager”) on a confidential basis to recipient and does not 
constitute an offer, solicitation or recommendation to sell or an offer to buy any securities, investment produc ts or investment advisory services. 
Such an offer or solicitation of an investment in Grand Slam Capital Partners, L.P. (the “Fund”) may only be made to prospective eligible investors 
by means of delivery of the Fund’s confidential offering documents that contain a description of the material terms relating to such investment, of 
which this letter is not a part. The information and opinions expressed herein are provided for informational purposes only, are as of the date  
indicated, are summary in nature, are not complete, are subject to change and should not be relied upon by any person in maki ng an investment 
decision. While the information and opinions provided herein is believed to be accurate and reliable, no representations or warranties are made as 
to the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of such information or opinion and the Investment Manager undertakes no obligation t o update or 
revise this letter. An investment in the Fund is speculative due to a variety of risks and considerations as are detail ed in the confidential offering 
documents of the Fund, and this letter is qualified in their entirety by the more complete information contained therein. 
This letter is strictly confidential, and the information contained herein or provided herewith may not be disclosed or distributed by the recipient to 
any other person (other than the recipient’s affiliates, partners, members, directors, officers, employees and advisors and other agents who have a 
legitimate need for such information in connection with evaluating the recipient’s investment). Your receipt and review of this letter constitutes your 
agreement to comply with these provisions. 
An investment in the Fund involves a significant degree of risk, and there can be no assurance that its investment objectives will be achieved or that 
its investments will be profitable. The value of investments can go down as well as up. Unless otherwise noted, the performance results of the Fund 
included in this letter are presented on a net -of-fees basis and reflect the deduction of, among other things, management fees, brokerage 
commissions, administrative expenses, and incentive allocation, if any. The Fund’s net returns prior to March 2007 reflect the returns for the 
Founding Partners’ class which closed in February 2007 and are calculated net of a 1% management fee and 20% incentive allocation. The Fund’s 
subsequent net returns are calculated net of a 2% management fee and 20% incentive allocation. All of the Fund’s net returns assume that an investor 
made a single capital contribution at the inception of the Fund with no subsequent contributions or withdrawals. Performance results include the 
reinvestment of dividends and other earnings. An investor’s actual performance and actual fees may differ from the performance information shown 
due to, among other factors, capital contributions and withdrawals, different share classes and eligibility to participate in “new issues.” Performance 
results are unaudited and have been calculated by the Fund’s independent administrator. Performance results for 2022 are unaudited and estimated 
based upon the information available to the Investment Manager as of the date hereof, and are subject to subsequent revision as a result of the 
Fund’s audit. Certain share classes of the Fund may be closed, including the share class from which the performance shown has been derived. Past 
performance is not necessarily a reliable indicator of future performance of the Fund. 
Hypothetical results are shown for illustration purposes only, do not reflect actual trading results, and should not be relie d upon . 
Hypothetical results do not involve financial risk or reflect actual trading, and therefore do not reflect the impact that economic and market factors 
may have on investment decisions. Unless otherwise noted, hypothetical results included in this letter are presented on a net-of-fees basis and assume 
that an investor made a single capital contribution at the inception of the Fund with no subsequent contributions or withdrawals. No representation 
is made as to the reasonableness, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the calculations, methodologies or assumptions underlying the hypothetical 
results or that all assumptions used in achieving the results have been utilized equally or appropriately, or that other assumptions should not have 
been used or would have been more accurate or representative.  
Any opinions, assumptions, assessments, statements or the like (collectively, “Statements”) regarding future events or which are forward-looking, 
including regarding portfolio characteristics and limits, constitute only subjective views, beliefs, outlooks, estimations or intentions of the Investment 
Manager, should not be relied on, are subject to change due to a variety of factors, including fluctuating market conditions and economic factors, 
and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and s pecific, many of which cannot be predicted or quantified and are beyond the 
Investment Manager’s or the Fund’s control. Future evidence and actual results (including actual composition and investment characteristics of the 
Fund’s portfolio) could differ ma terially from those set forth in, contemplated by, or underlying these Statements, which are subject to change 
without notice. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance and no representation is given that these Statements are now, or 
will prove to be accurate, or complete in any way. The Investment Manager undertakes no responsibility or obligation to revis e or update such 
Statements.  
References to the Russell 2000, S&P 500 and other indices herein are for informational and general comparative purposes only. There are significant 
differences between such indices and the investment program of the Fund. The Fund does not invest in all or necessarily any significant portion of 
the securities, industries or strategies represented by such indices. References to indices do not suggest that the Fund will , or is likely to, achieve 
returns, volatility or other results similar to such indices. The Fund’s investment objective is not restricted to the securities or instruments comprising 
such indices. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is appropriate measure for comparison.  
Certain information set forth in this letter is based upon information obtained from various third parties believed by the Investment Manager to be 
reliable. Neither the Investment Manager nor any of its affiliates has independently verified any such information and they shall not have any liability 
associated with the inaccuracy or inadequacy thereof. 
The information in this letter is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, accounting, legal, or tax advic e or investment 
recommendations. Each recipient should consult its own tax, legal, accounting, financial, or other advisors about the issues discussed herein.  
Contact information :     Email: mitch@gslamcap.com    Office: 201-346-4335
