GRAND SLAM ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC 
2160 N. Central Road, Suite 306 – Fort Lee, NJ 07024 – 201-346-4335 
WE INVEST IN COMPANIES. WE DON’T JUST BUY STOCKS 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Investor,  
In January, Grand Slam Capital Partners, L.P. ( the “Fund”) was down 2.75%* net of all fees and expenses  (returns for 
individual investors may vary based on fee class, New Issue eligibility and High-Watermarks*), compared to the Russell 
2000 and the S&P 500 being up 0.71% and down -0.87%, respectively. Year to date, the Fund is up 0.26% compared to 
a gain of 6.06% and 0.49% for the Russell 2000 and the S&P 500, respectively. The Fund has genera ted a compound 
annual return of 8.25%* since its inception in April of 2001.  This compares to 7.14%* and 7.07%* compound annual 
returns for the Russell 2000 and S&P 500, respectively, over the same period. 
Just a couple of months ago, we noted in our year end letter that the “greatest risk we see for 2026 is geopolitical 
uncertainly” and that “AI will have a limited impact on the overall economy in 2026 but may have significant impact on 
individual companies ”. We have rarely been so right, and at the same time so wrong, so quickly. We thought the 
geopolitical risk would be centered on Russia and China not Iran . But, since the US/Israeli bombing campaign did not 
start until March, we will discuss that more fully next month.  
With regards to AI, we believed (and still do) that many companies, especially in the software industry, stand to benefit  
from reduced labor costs and faster innovation cycles in software development. However, in February, market sentiment 
was weighed down by growing fears that rapid advances in artificial intelligence could be more disruptive than previously 
expected, particularly for software and data‑driven business models. A series of high‑profile AI tool launches intensified 
concerns that automation an d AI agents could compress pricing, reduce per ‑seat licensing demand, and accelerate 
competitive displacement across enterprise software, prompting a sharp valuation reset in the sector. Beyond software, 
investors also began to grapple with broader macro implications, including potential job displacement, slower corporate 
spending, and increased earnings volatility, contributing to a more cautious, risk ‑off tone across equity markets during 
the month. 
Our investment in IT service provider Kyndryl (“KD”), an IBM spin-off, fell more than 50% in early February. This was 
partly due to a weak ear nings release with revenues coming in below expectations as customers  took a “wait and see” 
approach to implementing new projects in light of AI developments. The company also disclosed material weaknesses in 
internal controls, delayed its quarterly filing, and announced the abrupt departures of its CFO and General Counsel. These 
governance and reporting concerns were disconcerting, however the Company also said it do es not expect to have to 
restate any financials.  We believe the long -term story for the Company is still intact and that at less the 2x trailing 12 
months EBITDA, KD shares are extremely underpriced relative to any private market value for the Company. 
Our investment in Genius Sports  (“GENI”) shares also declined sharply in February following the company’s 
announcement of a $1.2 billion acquisition of Legend, which investors viewed negatively. 25% of the purchase price is in 
the form of an earnout which will only be triggered if Legend hits certain performance targets.  Legend is one of the most 
successful online media networks that drive consumer engagement and retention for Casinos and Sportsbooks.  Investors 
mistakenly viewed Legend as a Search Engine Optimization (“ SEO”) business, which is currently viewed quite 
unfavorably by investors due to Google algorithm changes in its search functions.  Legend’s business is highly recurring 
revenue based (approximately 2/3) unlike SEO businesses and should fit in nicely with Genius’ data driven assets.   The 
deal’s large size and negative perception  prompted multiple analysts to cut price‑targets and sparked a large sell -off in 
GENI’s stock price. Grand Slam believes that the market has gotten this concern wrong and believes that GENI’s 
management team has shown numerous times that it can integrate acquisitions to make its ecosystem stronger and more 
GRAND SLAM ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC 
February 2026 Results – March 17, 2026 
 
 
GRAND SLAM ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC 
2160 N. Central Road, Suite 306 – Fort Lee, NJ 07024 – 201-346-4335 
WE INVEST IN COMPANIES. WE DON’T JUST BUY STOCKS 
sticky for both customers and consumers.  We have added to our position at these lower levels and think that as results 
are disclosed for GENI and its acquisition over the rest of 2026 the stock should respond positively. 
 
 
We invite you to reach out to us with any questions or comments.  
Sincerely, 
Mitch     Erik   
Mitchell Sacks    Erik Volfing  
 
GRAND SLAM ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC 
2160 N. Central Road, Suite 306 – Fort Lee, NJ 07024 – 201-346-4335 
WE INVEST IN COMPANIES. WE DON’T JUST BUY STOCKS 

 
GRAND SLAM ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC 
2160 N. Central Road, Suite 306 – Fort Lee, NJ 07024 – 201-346-4335 
WE INVEST IN COMPANIES. WE DON’T JUST BUY STOCKS 
Important Notes 
This letter is being furnished by Grand Slam Asset Management, LLC (the “Investment Manager”) on a confidential basis to recipient and does not 
constitute an offer, solicitation or recommendation to sell or an offer to buy any securities, investment produc ts or investment advisory services. 
Such an offer or solicitation of an investment in Grand Slam Capital Partners, L.P. (the “Fund”) may only be made to prospective eligible investors 
by means of delivery of the Fund’s confidential offering documents that contain a description of the material terms relating to such investment, of 
which this letter is not a part. The information and opinions expressed herein are provided for informational purposes only, are as of the date  
indicated, are summary in nature, are not complete, are subject to change and should not be relied upon by any person in maki ng an investment 
decision. While the information and opinions provided herein is believed to be accurate and reliable, no representations or warranties are made as 
to the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of such information or opinion and the Investment Ma nager undertakes no obligation to update or 
revise this letter. An investment in the Fund is speculative due to a variety of risks and considerations as are detailed in the confidential offering 
documents of the Fund, and this letter is qualified in their entirety by the more complete information contained therein. 
This letter is strictly confidential, and the information contained herein or provided herewith may not be disclosed or distributed by the recipient to 
any other person (other than the recipient’s affiliates, partners, members, directors, officers, employees and advisors and other agents who have a 
legitimate need for such information in connection with evaluating the recipient’s investment). Your receipt and review of this letter constitutes your 
agreement to comply with these provisions. 
An investment in the Fund involves a significant degree of risk, and there can be no assurance that its investment objectives will be achieved or that 
its investments will be profitable. The value of investments can go down as well as up. Unless otherwise noted, the performance results of the Fund 
included in this letter are presented on a net -of-fees basis and reflect the deduction of, among other things, management fees, brokerage 
commissions, administrative expenses, and incentive allocation, if any. The Fund’s net returns prior to March 2007 reflect the returns for the 
Founding Partners’ class which closed in February 2007 and are calculated net of a 1% management fee and 20% incentive allocation. The Fund’s 
subsequent net returns are calculated net of a 2% management fee and 20% incentive allocation. All of the Fund’s net returns assume that an investor 
made a single capital contribution at the inception of the Fund with no subsequent contributions or withdrawals. Performance results include the 
reinvestment of dividends and other earnings. An investor’s actual performance and actual fees may differ from the performance information shown 
due to, among other factors, capital contributions and withdrawals, different share classes and eligibility to participate in “new issues.” Performance 
results are unaudited and have been calculated by the Fund’s independent administrator. Performance results for 2022 are unaudited and estimated 
based upon the information available to the Investment Manager as of the date hereof, and are subject to subsequent revision as a result of the 
Fund’s audit. Certain share classes of the Fund may be closed, including the share class from which the performance shown has been derived. Past 
performance is not necessarily a reliable indicator of future performance of the Fund. 
Hypothetical results are shown for illustration purposes only, do not reflect actual trading results, and should not be relie d upon . 
Hypothetical results do not involve financial risk or reflect actual trading, and therefore do not reflect the impact that economic and market factors 
may have on investment decisions. Unless otherwise noted, hypothetical results included in this letter are presented on a net-of-fees basis and assume 
that an investor made a single capital contribution at the inception of the Fund with no subsequent contributions or withdrawals. No representation 
is made as to the reasonableness, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the calculations, methodologies or assumptions underlying the hypothetical 
results or that all assumptions used in achieving the results have been utilized equally or appropriately, or that other assumptions should not have 
been used or would have been more accurate or representative.  
Any opinions, assumptions, assessments, statements or the like (collectively, “Statements”) regarding future events or which are forward-looking, 
including regarding portfolio characteristics and limits, constitute only subjective views, beliefs, outlooks, estimations or intentions of the Investment 
Manager, should not be relied on, are subject to change due to a variety of factors, including fluctuating market conditions and economic factors, 
and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and s pecific, many of which cannot be predicted or quantified and are beyond the 
Investment Manager’s or the Fund’s control. Future evidence and actual results (including actual composition and investment characteristics of the 
Fund’s portfolio) could differ ma terially from those set forth in, contemplated by, or underlying these Statements, which are subject to change 
without notice. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance and no representation is given that these Statements are now, or 
will prove to be accurate, or complete in any way. The Investment Manager undertakes no responsibility or obligation to revis e or update such 
Statements.  
References to the Russell 2000, S&P 500 and other indices herein are for informational and general comparative purposes only. There are significant 
differences between such indices and the investment program of the Fund. The Fund does not invest in all or necessarily any significant portion of 
the securities, industries or strategies represented by such indices. References to indices do not suggest that the Fund will , or is likely to, achieve 
returns, volatility or other results similar to such indices. The Fund’s investment objective is not restricted to the securities or instruments comprising 
such indices. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is appropriate measure for comparison.  
Certain information set forth in this letter is based upon information obtained from various third parties believed by the Investment Manager to be 
reliable. Neither the Investment Manager nor any of its affiliates has independently verified any such information and they shall not have any liability 
associated with the inaccuracy or inadequacy thereof. 
The information in this letter is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, accounting, legal, or tax advic e or investment 
recommendations. Each recipient should consult its own tax, legal, accounting, financial, or other advisors about the issues discussed herein.  
Contact information :     Email: mitch@gslamcap.com    Office: 201-346-4335
