Home Financials  Cayman Islands
Greenlight Capital Q1 2026 Letter
Apr 13, 2026, 9:20 PM ET| Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. (GLRE) Stock
Summary
Greenlight Capital
179 Followers
Follow us on Google for the latest stock news
The Greenlight Capital funds returned 6.5% in the ﬁrst quarter of 2026, net of fees
and expenses, compared to -4.4% for the S&P 500 index.
We now think ‘top-down’ in addition to ‘bottom-up’ and when we have a clear basis
for a macroeconomic prediction, we invest directly in macro instruments.
Our assessment is that most investors are positioned primarily for a favorable
resolution despite the uncertainty and the fact that energy prices remain elevated.
We continue to hold our gold position, including a much smaller position in binary
call options, after taking signiﬁcant proﬁts when gold peaked in late January.
We initiated a medium-sized new position in Versant Media Group, a recent spin-off
from Comcast that owns cable channels like CNBC and USA Network.
Tippapatt/iStock via Getty Images
Dear Partner:
The Greenlight Capital funds (the “Partnerships”) returned 6.5% in the ﬁrst quarter of
2026, net of fees and expenses, compared to -4.4% for the S&P 500 index. ¹
It’s tough to make predictions, especially about the future. – Yogi Berra
Fundamentally, we are in the business of making predictions. When we buy or sell short
a stock, we believe the prospective reward is worth the perceived risk. Every trade is a
debate with someone taking the other side, and every position reﬂects our prediction of
how that debate will resolve.
When Greenlight launched thirty years ago, we concentrated almost entirely on
predicting individual stocks. We were trained in securities analysis and believed we
could ﬁgure out what securities were worth, when they were mispriced, and what the
market misunderstood. When we believed we had genuine insight and the scales were
tipped in our favor, we invested.
Over time, we realized we needed to look beyond the microeconomics of individual
companies. The great ﬁnancial crisis taught us that we needed to consider the bigger
picture – the macroeconomy. So, we evolved. We now think ‘top-down’ in addition to
‘bottom-up.’ Now, when we have a clear basis for a macroeconomic prediction, we invest
directly in macro instruments.
From time to time, extraordinary world events force us to study new areas that extend
well beyond securities or economic analysis, where we have no previous experience or
relevant expertise. For example, after 9/11 we had to assess whether a series of terrorist
attacks and the resulting security needs would cripple the economy. More recently, in
2020 we had to navigate a global pandemic, the potential transmission of a deadly
disease, the societal reaction and the outlook for a vaccine.
Such is the case with the current war in Iran. As we see it, the important questions for
the market are: How will the war progress? Will the current two-week ceaseﬁre lead to
peace or resumed ﬁghting? How long will the Strait of Hormuz be closed? What will
happen to the price of oil, and how will that affect the economy? If we could answer
these questions, we could predict how the markets would respond and position the
portfolio accordingly.
Unfortunately, we don't have a clue.
A year ago, we quipped about President Trump: "The news cycle changes very rapidly. If
you like the latest news, enjoy it for two hours. It will change. If you don't like the news,
wait two hours, it will change." At the time, we meant the news cycle went from one topic
to the next. We didn't mean constant ﬂip-ﬂopping on the most important issues for the
market.
One moment President Trump demands "unconditional surrender." The next he says
we've completed most of our objectives. One moment he demands regime change. The
next he says regime change already happened. One moment he threatens to bomb Iran
back to the "Stone Age." The next he says we have already destroyed almost all the
relevant targets. One moment he says opening the Strait of Hormuz is of little concern
and not America's problem. The next he says, "Open the F*ckin' Strait, you crazy
bastards, or you'll be living in Hell – JUST WATCH!"
Setting aside the widely discussed rumor that his statements are designed to move
ﬁnancial markets after being front-run by his family or close associates, we have no idea
what he is actually going to do. Maybe he doesn't either. We liked this recent meme:
More seriously, we do wonder what the purpose of all this ﬂip-ﬂopping is. If President
Trump wants Iran to negotiate a settlement, we are confused why he would routinely
signal he might withdraw at any moment. America has developed a reputation since
Vietnam that its enemies can simply outlast us. Surely, threatening to "declare victory
and go home" does not inspire the enemy to rush to the bargaining table. It also
undermines the credibility of the more serious-sounding threats.
The recently agreed ceaseﬁre appears to have been driven by President Trump
determining that if we destroyed Iran's bridges and power infrastructure, the retaliation
would bring an unacceptable cost. Iran reluctantly agreed to the ceaseﬁre under
Chinese pressure after Trump acknowledged that Iran's 10-point peace plan could be
the basis for negotiations.
Since we cannot ﬁgure out what will happen, we must consider multiple scenarios.
Some of the possibilities include:
The current peace talks are successful, and both sides ﬁnd enough to declare
victory. The Strait of Hormuz reopens either with or without tolls. The markets can
get back to wondering whether the rules for index inclusion of new issues with small
ﬂoats can be inﬂuenced to create so much passive demand that SpaceX can
successfully IPO at any valuation.
The talks break down, but hostilities do not resume. The situation essentially
freezes as things stand or they resume at a lower intensity. For example, rather
than attacking Iran, the U.S. could try to blockade Iran's oil exports.
The talks break down and hostilities resume. In one scenario the U.S. military wins
quickly. The Iranian regime collapses and the U.S. Navy restores the Strait's
shipping lanes. In another scenario, the war resumes without resolution. Iran suffers
enormous infrastructure damage and loses its ability to export oil. The Gulf States
and Israel suffer from retaliation and the region's ability to produce and transport
energy, fertilizer and other goods is signiﬁcantly impaired.
None of the above. Something else happens that we can't foresee.
Conﬂict escalation would result in many open questions including:
Will civilian infrastructure, including desalination plants, suffer sufﬁcient damage to
leave portions of the region uninhabitable?
Could Iran carry out a signiﬁcant terrorist event on American soil?
Will other countries join the conﬂict?
Will other actors use the chaos to pursue mischief elsewhere? North Korea vs.
South Korea? China vs. Taiwan?
Similarly, successful resolution would result in many open questions including:
How long will it take to reopen the supply chain? Are intermediate-term shortages
already baked in? Has the price of energy been permanently elevated? Has the
damage already incurred baked in a new round of inﬂation? Will higher energy
prices lead to a slowdown or even a recession?
How will the Gulf States adjust to the new geopolitical realities? Will oil continue to
be priced primarily in U.S. dollars?
Will the U.S. maintain inﬂuence in the Middle East? What are the implications for
the dollar, U.S. Treasuries and gold?
Obviously, the implications of these different scenarios on markets are wide-ranging.
Given that we don't know what will happen, how are we approaching this? Our ﬁrst step
has been to assess how the market has already priced in (or not) the various
possibilities.
Our assessment is that most investors are positioned primarily for a favorable resolution.
If you told us that war would break out with Iran, the Strait would be closed, there would
be signiﬁcant damage to some energy infrastructure and the price of oil would rise
above $100, we would have expected a much deeper equity market correction. With the
announcement of the ceaseﬁre, the market has already recovered its decline since the
war started, even though energy prices remain elevated and the uncertainty described
above remains.
However, investors may be reasoning that headlines reading "Bombs start falling" must
eventually be replaced with headlines reading "Bombs stop falling." And who wants to
sell before that happens?
In recent years, investors have been conditioned not to sell into bad news. If you sold
COVID, there was a near perfect V-shaped bottom. In fact, it was more of a checkmark
shape. Sellers lost badly. If you sold in the summer of 2022 or the fall of 2023, the same
thing happened, but less dramatically. If you sold the Liberation Day scare, it was like
COVID – another checkmark recovery. If you sold all of those, you are probably no
longer managing money professionally. If you sold all of those as an individual, you are
probably out of the market.
Who is left? Passive investors and people and institutions that have learned not to sell
into declines.
Even the most cautious are investing with a Sammy Hagar inspired mentality: one foot
on the brake and one on the gas. Thus, the market has rallied furiously on any
presidential tweet that the U.S. might withdraw, news stories that the Iranians are willing
to consider negotiating and, of course, the ceaseﬁre announcement. Nobody wants to
miss the V- or even the checkmark-shaped recovery.
As the conﬂict started, we were positioned with relatively low gross and net exposures.
From our perspective, the market was already very expensive. We have reacted by
changing very little. We have traded around index hedges and added a long position in
October oil futures, which has only moved up modestly, as there is widespread
anticipation that there will not be an enduring shortage.
It probably won't surprise anyone that we are again putting capital preservation at the
top of our priorities. With so little downside priced in, we are willing to risk missing out on
a possible recovery to position ourselves to play more offense, should one of the
downside scenarios materialize.
We had a strong start to the year with longs, shorts and macro each contributing positive
returns and positive alpha, as shown in the table below:
Gross Contribution Alpha 
Longs 1.5% 6.7%
Shorts 4.8% 2.2%
Shorts (INDEX) 0.7% -0.1%
Macro 1.5% 1.5%
Total (Gross) 8.5% 10.3%
Total (NET) 6.5%
²
Given all the geopolitical chaos in March, it is hard to remember that there were two
months preceding it in the quarter.
Our signiﬁcant winners in the quarter were gold, Acadia Healthcare (ACHC) , DHT
Holdings (DHT) and Core Natural Resources (CNR). Our biggest losers were SOFR
futures, Kyndryl Holdings (KD) and Graphic Packaging (GPK).
For the ﬁrst two months of the quarter, the de-dollarization thesis gained traction. Gold
started the year at $4,339 per ounce and peaked in late January at $5,595. This led to
large gains for us in both physical gold and binary gold call options. As the calls moved
into the money, they began to behave more like short out-of-the-money puts. As a result,
we sold most of the options and rolled some of them forward, taking proﬁts in the
process. This allowed us to preserve the majority of our gains in gold, even as it
declined later in the quarter in response to the war. We continue to hold our gold
position, including a much smaller position in binary call options.
ACHC is the leading pure-play behavioral healthcare clinic operator in the U.S. After
peaking near $90 in 2022, the stock came under heavy pressure in late 2024 following a
New York Times investigation that revealed poor and sometimes abusive treatment of
patients. While we bought a small position at the time around $51 per share, this proved
to be only the beginning of ACHC's challenges. Due to an overly aggressive expansion
strategy and an inability to manage its patient ramp, ACHC had occupancy challenges
that weighed on results, while litigation expenses were growing. ACHC shares ultimately
bottomed out at around $11 in January.
Our work suggested the problems were entirely management-related and that ACHC's
asset quality is strong. Early this year we increased our position, believing that a
leadership change was probable. Ultimately, our average entry price for what is now a
top 5 position is $16.24 per share.
In January, the company replaced its CEO, bringing back the former CEO who ran the
company successfully from 2018 to 2022. The returning CEO is among the most well-
regarded and capable operators in the industry. With this injection of conﬁdence and
competence, the shares recovered to $23.39 by the end of the quarter. Should the
company achieve stabilized occupancy, we believe it would earn over $3 per share.
DHT advanced from $12.21 to $18.27 per share during the quarter. The company owns
and charters out Very Large Crude Carriers (VLCCs). Even prior to the war, VLCCs were
in short supply, with day rates rising to about 500% of the long-term average level. The
company pays out its current earnings as a dividend, and at these elevated charter
rates, we expect the dividend to rise from $0.74 to $3.50 per share this year.
CNR stock went from $88.51 to $104.73 during the quarter. More than all the gain came
after the war began. As the war disrupts natural gas supply on a global basis, demand
for coal increases. It is too soon to quantify the positive impact for CNR .
We are long SOFR futures with the view that the new Chairman of the Federal Reserve
will be more supportive of rate cuts. As the war started and oil spiked, the market
became doubtful that the Fed would be able to cut rates this year, and for a little while
was even pricing in a rate hike. This resulted in losses on this position in March and for
the quarter.
We nonetheless persist. We believe that an oil price shock is a headwind to growth and
a threat to jobs and that the new Chairman will change the Fed framework from “data
dependency” – which focuses on backward-looking economic data – to a forward-
looking view. Historically, oil price shocks have preceded many recessions. We believe
the new Chairman will lower rates to try to prevent a recession.
We owned KD for over four years. During most of that time, the company executed a
successful turnaround after its spin-off from IBM. Recently, it has become more
challenging to win new business. As a result, the shares have made a full round trip from
the low double digits to $40 a share and back. Fortunately, we took some proﬁts at
higher prices. Given the difﬁcult environment, including threats from AI, as well as an
SEC investigation into the company’s accounting and cash management practices and
the departure of its CFO, we exited the balance of our position this quarter. Ultimately,
we earned a 17% IRR.
GPK shares fell from $15.06 to $9.94 during the quarter. The company failed to meet
earnings expectations and lowered future guidance, with costs for its newly built paper
mill coming in well over budget, and the competitive environment proving to be unusually
challenging. The company ﬁred its experienced, well-regarded CEO and replaced him
with a CEO who recently presided over a massive disappointment at his prior company.
As yet, the new CEO has not articulated a clear strategy. Shareholders have been
understandably grumpy and the stock has suffered. We believe the shares are extremely
cheap relative to a reasonable mid-cycle performance.
We initiated a medium-sized new position in Versant Media Group ( VSNT ) and small
new positions in Crocs, Inc. (CROX) and SLM Corp. (SLM) .
We established our position in VSNT at an average price of $33.69 per share. VSNT is a
recent spin-off from Comcast (CMCSA) and owns cable channels like MS NOW
(formerly MSNBC), CNBC and USA Network, along with other non-Pay TV assets
including GolfNow and Fandango. While the legacy cable business faces ongoing cord-
cutting, over 60% of its programming is tied to live news and events, which we believe is
more resistant to subscriber losses than other entertainment categories. Additionally, the
company's non-Pay TV revenues are growing and now represent nearly 20% of total
revenues.
Following the spin-off, shares declined as Comcast shareholders sold stock they
received, and index rebalancing forced additional selling when VSNT was removed from
major indices. These dynamics left the shares trading at less than 4x adjusted EBITDA
and an implied cash ﬂow yield that supported the company's ability to return nearly its
entire market cap within four years. VSNT ended the quarter at $37.02 per share.
CROX is a global footwear company best known for its iconic clogs. It is a well-run
business with industry-leading margins and a 10-year annualized organic sales growth
rate of 12%. Last year, a decline in U.S. sales raised existential concerns about the core
brand, which we believe were overblown. While consumer preferences have shifted in
the U.S., over half of core Crocs brand sales now come from international markets,
which continue to grow at a strong pace. We also expect U.S. declines to moderate as
comparisons normalize following last year's inventory clean-up actions. We established
our position at an average price of $83.49 per share, or about 6x our 2026 EPS
estimate. The company has directed most of its free cash ﬂow to buybacks, and we
expect annual repurchases of over 10% of the outstanding shares going forward. CROX
ended the quarter at $83.02.
References
SLM is the largest originator of private student loans in the U.S. The stock has declined
due to concerns around AI-driven displacement of white-collar jobs and its impact on
delinquencies. We established our position at an average price of $18.95 per share, or
about 7x and 4x our 2026 and 2028 EPS estimates, respectively. It is inherently difﬁcult
to predict the inﬂuence AI will have on employment this early in the adoption curve, but
over time, we expect workers to adapt and reskill to match the evolving job market.
Nearly 90% of SLM 's loans are cosigned, typically by a parent or grandparent,
mitigating credit risk. We also see an opportunity for signiﬁcant growth in graduate
student lending as the federal government exits the market following provisions in the
One Big Beautiful Bill Act. SLM has been actively repurchasing shares, including a
recently completed accelerated share repurchase program totaling about 5% of the
outstanding shares, and we estimate capacity to repurchase approximately 30% of the
outstanding shares over the next three years. SLM ended the quarter at $21.41.
In addition to exiting KD , we exited:
Global Payments (GPN) at around our cost, as further diligence raised questions
about what the company is classifying as organic growth.
Lebanese sovereign debt with a 66% IRR over a 1-year holding period, as it
became more likely that the country would resolve its default.
Warner Bros. Discovery (WBD) with a solid gain over a 2-month holding period,
as we believe that the auction for the company has reached a resolution.
At quarter-end, the largest disclosed long positions in the Partnerships were Acadia
Healthcare, Brighthouse Financial (BHF), Core Natural Resources, Fluor (FLR) and
Green Brick Partners (GRBK). The Partnerships had an average exposure of 82% long
and 46% short.
Come to TACO, TACO, TACO, TACO, TACO, TACO, TACO, TACO, TACO,
TACO,TACOOOOH BELL! — Memorable ad jingle from the 1970s
Best Regards,
Greenlight Capital
Past performance is not indicative of future results. Please refer to information
contained in the disclosures at the end of the letter.
1.
Alpha is calculated using the gross returns, on a position-by-position basis, against a
local market index for longs, shorts and indexes. Non-equity related macro positions
assume a beta of zero.
2.
The information contained herein reﬂects the opinions, estimates and projections of DME Capital Management,
LP d/b/a Greenlight Capital (collectively with its afﬁliates and predecessor entity, “Greenlight”) as of the date of
publication, which are subject to change without notice at any time subsequent to the date of issue. Greenlight
does not represent that any opinion, estimate or projection will be realized. All information provided is for
informational purposes only and should not be deemed as investment advice or a recommendation to purchase
or sell any speciﬁc security. Greenlight has an economic interest in the price movement of the securities
discussed in this letter, but Greenlight’s economic interest is subject to change without notice. While the
information presented herein is believed to be reliable, no representation or warranty is made concerning the
accuracy of any data presented.
GREENLIGHT® and GREENLIGHT CAPITAL, INC. with the star logo are registered trademarks of Greenlight
in the United States, European Union and other countries worldwide. All other trade names, trademarks and
service marks herein are the property of their respective owners who retain all proprietary rights over their use.
These materials are (A) conﬁdential and may not be disclosed, distributed or reproduced without the prior
written permission of Greenlight, and (B) intended solely for the use of the person to whom the materials have
been delivered by Greenlight.
Unless otherwise noted, performance returns reﬂect the weighted average total returns, net of fees and
expenses, for “New Issue Eligible” investors invested in the dollar interests of Greenlight Capital LP and
Greenlight Capital Offshore Ltd. (collectively, the “Partnerships”). Performance returns generally include all
positions held at the master and feeder funds, but exclude the gold interests. The performance of the dollar
interests and the gold interests have been different. Upon request, Greenlight will provide the speciﬁc
performance of each type of interest to help investors understand these differences over time. Combined
performance of components of the Partnerships is presented for illustrative purposes only and does not reﬂect
the performance or risk proﬁle of any individual fund. Please contact Greenlight for additional information
regarding the performance of the portfolios from which this information was derived or extracted. Returns are
net of the weighted average of the actual management fees paid by investors (“Actual Management Fees”) and
the performance allocation applicable to an investor who invested at the beginning of the relevant period. An
investor’s actual returns may differ from the returns presented due to several factors, including the timing of
each investor’s capital activity, the applicable management fee rate, and the applicable performance allocation
rate. Investors with aggregate net contributions to a fund of less than $1 million who made their initial
investment on or after March 1, 2024 are subject to a management fee that is greater than the weighted
average of the Actual Management Fees.
All ﬁgures are unaudited. Greenlight does not undertake to update any information contained herein as a result
of audit adjustments or other corrections. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Each investor will
receive individual statements from the funds’ administrator showing actual returns. Reference to an index does
not imply that the Partnerships will achieve returns, volatility or other results similar to the index. The S&P 500
is a long-only index of primarily large-cap stocks used to represent the performance of the U.S. stock market.
Greenlight funds take long and short positions and may invest in non-U.S. and non-equity securities, and
therefore differ (often materially) from the composition of the index. The total returns for the index do not reﬂect
the deduction of any fees or expenses which would reduce returns.
All exposure information is calculated on a delta-adjusted basis and excludes “macro” positions, which may
include, but are not limited to, government debt, currencies, commodities, credit default swaps, interest rate
swaps, volatility indexes, credit indexes and derivatives on any of these instruments. However, equity indexes
and derivatives on such instruments are included in long/short exposure. The largest disclosed long positions
represent individual issuers to which the Partnerships have the highest exposure. Greenlight, in its discretion
and in the interest of investor protection, may exclude from this list any position that has not been disclosed but
would otherwise be included, and instead include the Partnerships’ next largest position. All weighting,
exposure, attribution and performance contribution information is inclusive of positions held
both directly and indirectly through the master fund, reﬂects estimates of the weighted average of such ﬁgures
for investments by Greenlight Capital LP and Greenlight Capital Offshore Ltd. (excluding gold interests), and is
the result of classiﬁcations and assumptions made in the sole judgment of Greenlight. All exposure calculations
include the impact of month-end redemptions and subscriptions as of the ﬁrst day of the following month.
Net performance contributions by attribution category apply an allocation of operating expenses, management
fee and performance allocation to the applicable gross contribution. These pro forma net contributions are
shown for illustrative purposes only to meet regulatory requirements. Different assumptions than those made by
Greenlight can result in different net performance contributions at the category level. A description of the
calculation methodology is available upon request.
Changes in quoted prices and market returns of publicly traded investments do not reﬂect the deduction of fees
or expenses from the Partnerships. These fees and expenses are reﬂected in the net performance of the
Partnerships.
The fund terms, performance returns and portfolio characteristics reﬂected in this document are not indicative
of future returns or portfolio characteristics and do not modify the terms of the funds as detailed in each fund's
Conﬁdential Offering Memorandum. No guarantee or representation is made that Greenlight's investment
program, including, without limitation, its investment objective, diversiﬁcation strategies or risk monitoring goals,
will be successful. Investment results may vary substantially over time. No assurance can be made that proﬁts
will be achieved or that substantial or complete losses will not be incurred.
With respect to the investment strategy utilized by Greenlight, there is always a signiﬁcant degree of market
risk, including the risk of a complete loss of capital. Greenlight may employ speculative investment strategies,
such as the use of leverage, short selling, derivatives trading and commodity interests trading, which involve
the potential for signiﬁcant risk of loss. Prospective investors should be aware that they will be required to bear
the ﬁnancial risks of this investment for an indeﬁnite period of time. Prospective investors should read the more
detailed Risk Factors contained in the Conﬁdential Offering Memorandum.
The speciﬁc investments identiﬁed and described are not representative of all the positions held, purchased or
sold, and in the aggregate, the information may represent a small percentage of activity. It should not be
assumed that any position identiﬁed has been or will be proﬁtable. There can be no guarantee that similar
investment opportunities will be available in the future or that Greenlight will be able to exploit similar
investment opportunities should they arise. The information presented is intended to provide insight into the
noteworthy events, in the sole opinion of Greenlight, affecting the Partnerships. The opinions expressed
represent the current, good faith views of Greenlight at the time of publication and are provided for limited
purposes, are not deﬁnitive investment advice, and should not be relied on as such.
This article was written by
Quick Insights
How is Greenlight Capital positioning amid Iran conﬂict uncertainty?
Greenlight is prioritizing capital preservation, maintaining low gross and net exposures, and
adding selective hedges, given markets are not pricing in substantial downside risk.
What is the investment thesis for Acadia Healthcare (ACHC) after recent
turmoil?
ACHC is viewed as a turnaround play with strong asset quality; a new CEO with a proven track
record has been installed, and stabilized occupancy could yield over $3 EPS.
What are the forward drivers for DHT Holdings (DHT) in the current
environment?
DHT beneﬁts from VLCC supply shortages and elevated day rates, with expectations for
THESE MATERIALS SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN
OFFER TO BUY ANY INTERESTS IN ANY FUND MANAGED BY GREENLIGHT OR ANY OF ITS
AFFILIATES. SUCH AN OFFER TO SELL OR SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY INTERESTS MAY
ONLY BE MADE PURSUANT TO DEFINITIVE SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENTS BETWEEN A FUND AND AN
INVESTOR.
Original Post
Editor's Note: The summary bullets for this article were chosen by Seeking Alpha
editors.
Greenlight Capital
179 Followers
Follow
Show more
Greenlight Capital is a value-oriented investment management ﬁrm founded in May 1996 that primarily invests
and trades in long and short publicly listed equity securities, as well as distressed debt when cyclically attractive.

dividends to rise from $0.74 to $3.50 per share this year if current conditions persist.
Comments (2) Newest
If you type a company or ETF ticker symbol in capital letters we will automatically link to the symbol page. You can
remove the link by deleting the $ in the comment.
Investing GroupComments (31)|
Einhorn is a lefty. He voted for braindead Biden and Kamala Coconut Tree. He'd rather lose
in Ukraine and Afghanistan than win every ﬁght.
Reply Like
Investing GroupComments (213)|
Great staying with CNR
Reply Like
Disagree with this article? Submit your own. To report a factual error in this article, . Your feedback
matters to us!
S
shb6000
Apr 18, 2026, 11:25 AM
+ Follow
PeterLinNash
Apr 13, 2026, 10:57 PM
+ Follow
(1)
click here
