Gumshoe Capital 
Hypoport (HYQ GR), February 2026 
Note: Projected valuations are hypothetical, not guaranteed and for illustrative purposes only. Please see important disclosures 
and disclosures related to the use of projections on page 14. 
1 
February 2nd, 2026 
 
LONG: Hypoport SE (HYQ GR) 
 
Share Price: €95.00 
Market Cap: €636mm 
Enterprise Value: €677mm 
 
Note: See Appendix for top 5 winners and losers for the quarter ending 12/31/25. 
 
Executive Summary: 
We believe Hypoport is an under-monetized, “toll road” like asset on the German mortgage market that 
can be purchased for sub 2.5x NTM gross profit. We believe this valuation does not give any credit for 
the potential to better monetize Hypoport’ s dominant position in the value chain – Hypoport raised 
pricing 20% a couple years ago with little pushback or churn and delivers value well in excess of what it 
charges. Hypoport’s crown jewel asset, Europace, is a mortgage marketplace platform which acts as the 
pipes to connect over 800 banks in Germany with the largest aggregated network of mortgage 
distribution partners in the country. Europace exhibits characteristics similar to that of a classified 
business in that it benefits from network effects, high barriers to entry, product stickiness, and 
tremendous pricing power. In a world where AI may be eroding the advantages of coding, we believe 
Europace’s advantages are durable. 
 
Europace facilitates the origination of ~1/3rd of all mortgages in Germany and has roughly five times the 
non-captive broker volume of its next largest competitor. For this service, they charge 1/10th of what a 
notary in Germany charges, or 12bps on the total mortgage value, which we believe is passed onto the 
customer and bundled into their monthly mortgage payments or interest rate. For context, the average 
fee charged by Europace is about €360 per loan. Spread on a monthly basis over a typical 11yr mortgage 
term, this costs the end consumer less than €3.00 per month. We also believe Europace has and will 
continue to introduce other modules to its platform that will increase its wallet share over time.  
 
A decision by one of its large customers to pull out of the German mortgage market and slowdown in 
macro recovery appears to have caused a recent further dislocation in the share price. Hypoport’s 
enterprise value today is close to the same level it was during the peak of the German mortgage crisis in 
November ’22. The stock is trading near the cheapest it ever has at 2.4x NTM gross profit vs. the 10-year 
trailing average of 7.0x and the 5.0x it traded at in July of last year. With mortgage volumes in Germany 
still 25% below normalized, we believe Hypoport is trading at sub 10x normalized EBIT multiple with 
years of growth ahead from continued market share gains and mortgage digitization. To the degree the 
company ever pulls the price lever, the stock is far cheaper.  
 
Europace Description: 
Hypoport initially screens as a complex holding company with three segments and several different 
businesses within each segment. However, we believe one business within the Real Estate & Mortgage 
segment, Europace, represents over 70% of Hypoport’s EBIT and the vast majority of the value in the 
shares.  
 
Europace allows a mortgage broker or advisor at a bank to receive personalized mortgage offers for 
their clients from hundreds of banks in a matter of minutes. This allows the advisor to provide the best 
offer to their client and increases the likelihood they’ll retain that client as a bank customer. This allows 

Gumshoe Capital 
Hypoport (HYQ GR), February 2026 
Note: Projected valuations are hypothetical, not guaranteed and for illustrative purposes only. Please see important disclosures 
and disclosures related to the use of projections on page 14. 
2 
the product supplier to increase their access to distribution and more efficiently originate mortgages for 
the credit profile or product they are most interested in supplying. In addition to its marketplace value 
proposition, Europace digitalizes the mortgage application and approval process, reducing significant 
amounts of paperwork and streamlining the workflow on all sides.  
 
This marketplace business model works particularly well in Germany because the country is significantly 
overbanked. In Germany there are ~68 banks for every $100bn of mortgage loans outstanding versus 
the US at 33 banks. There are around 1,300 banks in Germany today and regional cooperative and 
savings banks account for 50 – 60% of the country’s annual mortgage origination volume. Integrating 
with banks is timely and costly – it’s hard for a new entrant to convince many of these banks to do the 
work needed to integrate into this platform, and it’s hard to get customers interested when you don’t 
have a network of banks on your platform. We believe this classic “chicken or the egg” problem 
insulates Hypoport from the various new entrants that have tried and failed to enter the market over 
time. 
 
Europace is used by both independent mortgage brokers and advisors in bank branches. Each slice of 
the pie below represents the percentage of mortgage volume flowing through that respective 
distribution channel and Europace’s market share within it. The chart can be a bit confusing, but the 
high-level takeaway is that Europace controls 60% of originated volumes in the broker channel, 30% 
amongst commercial banks, and has grown from near zero share in cooperative and savings banks to 
low 20s share today. We believe continued share gain in the cooperative and savings bank segments, 
where Europace enjoys a virtual monopoly, will power most of their future share gains.  
 
 
Source: Company Presentation 
 
Europace is used for both externally and internally generated mortgages. If a person were to reach out 
to a mortgage specialist at a cooperative bank in Germany, he or she would put that person’s 
information into Europace and would be able to see interest rates offered by their own bank and 
external banks that are connected into the platform. For internally generated mortgages that flow 
through Europace, Hypoport’s software is effectively displacing the mortgage module of the core 
banking software and managing the workflow associated with mortgage application, approval, and 
closing. 

Gumshoe Capital 
Hypoport (HYQ GR), February 2026 
Note: Projected valuations are hypothetical, not guaranteed and for illustrative purposes only. Please see important disclosures 
and disclosures related to the use of projections on page 14. 
3 
 
 
Dominant Position with Network Effect Support: 
There is one other notable mortgage marketplace competitor in Germany called Interhyp Group, which 
is a fraction of the size of Hypoport and competes only in the independent broker and private 
commercial bank part of the market. Interhyp Group has two distinct businesses within it. One is a 
captive mortgage broker called Interhyp AG and is comparable to Hypoport’s Dr. Klein. The other is a 
B2B marketplace called Prohyp which is comparable to Europace and is used by brokers outside of the 
Interhyp Group organization. Interhyp Group was founded slightly before Europace but we think it 
hasn’t had as much success in the market predominately because  
1. It is owned by ING, an active private commercial bank in the German mortgage market, and 
therefore is not seen as a neutral platform, especially by Cooperative and Savings banks 
2. It is a less technically advanced platform with weaker APIs since its main purpose is to serve the 
ING’s own captive broker arm rather than external brokers or advisors in bank branches 
 
 
Source: Company Filings; ING Filings 
 
Using Unternehmensregister, the German version of UK Companies House, we were able to identify 
Prohyp volumes and calculate Europace’s market share. As of ’23, Europace volume excluding Dr. Klein 
is 5.7x larger than Prohyp volume.  
 
 

Gumshoe Capital 
Hypoport (HYQ GR), February 2026 
Note: Projected valuations are hypothetical, not guaranteed and for illustrative purposes only. Please see important disclosures 
and disclosures related to the use of projections on page 14. 
4 
 
Source: Unternehmensregister; Company Filings 
 
Cooperative & Savings Banks Opportunity for Europace: 
Hypoport goes to market in this sector via its Finmas and Genopace products, which are essentially 
Europace catered to this market. Cooperative and savings banks in Germany make up more than half of 
the mortgage distribution in the country. Europace has gone from 2% market share within these banks 
in 2016 to ~22.5% market share today. 
 
 
Source: Company Filings 
 
These regional banks represent the largest opportunity for Europace market share gains going forward. 
Interhyp does not have much of a presence amongst the regional banks because they are owned by ING. 
The only real competitors Europace faces in this segment of the market are the incumbent and legacy 
core banking software providers. Europace has been successful in this market because they have formed 
strategic joint ventures with key organizations within the cooperative and savings banks which has 
allowed them to get support in integrating Europace into their core banking software and increasing 
adoption of the platform.  
 
We believe Europace’s product is also just much better. Here's a quote from a head of a cooperative 
bank in Germany when asked about what their core banking software, Agree21, is like. 
 

Gumshoe Capital 
Hypoport (HYQ GR), February 2026 
Note: Projected valuations are hypothetical, not guaranteed and for illustrative purposes only. Please see important disclosures 
and disclosures related to the use of projections on page 14. 
5 
“Oh yeah Jesus. You should have a look at Agree21. It’s like a DOS window. When I started my first job in 
2003 at Mercedes we used similar systems… it’s not automated at all… So it's 80s. It's basically the 80s… 
very outdated and no change” 
 
In addition to being superior software, we believe it is inevitable that consumers will demand the price 
comparison benefits they receive from the marketplace features of Europace. Price transparency in the 
German mortgage market has structurally improved due to Europace and we don’t see that trend 
reversing. This increasing price transparency trend has already played out in other European markets, 
such as the UK where independent mortgage brokers make up 87% of mortgage distribution in the 
country. If the cooperative and savings banks would like to retain their mortgage business, and the 
banking relationships that are anchored by those, we believe they have no choice but to adopt Europace 
and its marketplace features.  
 
 
 
Source: Company Filings; Dominion Lending Presentation 
 
Underutilized Pricing Opportunity: 
Europace is a crucial part of the value chain of the German homebuying process and costs a fraction of 
the other expenses associated with a real estate transaction in Germany.  
 
Europace has a transactional based business model which monetizes by charging 1.1bps per year of the 
term of the mortgage on the loan amount. For the average mortgage in Germany, which is €300k and 
has a term of 11 years, Europace would collect 12bps or €360 for this loan from the product supplier 
(i.e. the bank).  
 
The bubble chart below attempts to show the different parties involved in the typical German 
homebuying process and the estimated basis points of take rate each party receives on the transaction 
value, the cost of which is ultimately passed onto the property buyer.  
 

Gumshoe Capital 
Hypoport (HYQ GR), February 2026 
Note: Projected valuations are hypothetical, not guaranteed and for illustrative purposes only. Please see important disclosures 
and disclosures related to the use of projections on page 14. 
6 
 
Source: Gumshoe Internal Analysis; Internet Research 
 
We believe there is significant underutilized pricing power in Europace because it is a small portion of 
overall costs and brings immense value to consumers, brokers, and banks. In addition to traditional price 
increases, there are other ways that Europace can capture more share of wallet over time. For instance, 
their One Click product allows the end-consumer to get a mortgage on their own and disintermediate 
the mortgage broker all together. This One Click product costs the bank 40bps, roughly 3.5x what 
Europace charges today, but removes the 150bps the bank would have to pay to the mortgage broker. 
Overall, we believe Europace’s strategic positioning in this market gives them significant opportunity 
over time to increase the net revenue they receive per euro of mortgages flowing through their 
platform.  
 
Inflection in Governance: 
Hypoport’s CEO, Ronald Slabke, owns 32.4% of the shares and gained control of Hypoport via a 
management buyout nearly 30 years ago. He exerts heavy influence on the company, which has been 
viewed as a positive founder dynamic when the company is doing well, and a governance issue when 
the company is doing poorly. Despite changes in perception, we believe governance has fundamentally 
improved. Prior to the mortgage crisis, Ronald was focused on growth, both organic and inorganic. He 
reinvested profits from Europace into several acquisitions between 2016 and 2020 and spent heavily on 
capitalized development. During this time, the market rewarded him for his high growth ambitions and 
the share price peaked at €600 in 2021. However, when Russia invaded Ukraine and the German 
mortgage crisis started, shareholders quickly changed their view on Ronald’s growth at all costs strategy 
and the share price plummeted to €80 within 12 months. We believe this crisis spurred a turning point 
in Ronald’s capital allocation priorities. Since the crisis, Ronald has:  
1. Made the tough decision to layoff ~15% of the workforce and close down subsidiaries that did 
not have a realistic path to profitability within the next 5 years 
2. Passed on a 20% price increase in the independent broker channel  
3. Admitted that he has expanded into too many separate business areas and will not be pursuing 
more buyside M&A 

Gumshoe Capital 
Hypoport (HYQ GR), February 2026 
Note: Projected valuations are hypothetical, not guaranteed and for illustrative purposes only. Please see important disclosures 
and disclosures related to the use of projections on page 14. 
7 
4. Commenced a small share buyback in November 2025, the first time Hypoport has done so since 
2016 
 
We believe Ronald’s interests are aligned with shareholders and he pursued this growth strategy before 
the crisis because his shareholders rewarded him for it. Now that he has a more value-oriented 
shareholder base, he has made prudent decisions and expressed publicly that he is focused on 
profitability and improving cash flow for shareholders. We believe he is a thoughtful, long-term focused 
CEO who has built a great business and is capable of good capital allocation. For instance, Ronald 
became the largest shareholder in Hypoport through a management buyout that he led in 1999 which 
turned out to be a phenomenal investment. His stake, worth €1,500mm at peak, is now valued at a bit 
over €200m. 
 
Macro Slowdown, Deutsche Bank Headwind and Bundesbank Issues Create the Opportunity: 
Macro Slowdown: 
On January 20th, Hypoport shares sold off ~17% following a press release that showed Europace volume 
growth decelerating to -1% YoY (vs. +18% in 9M ’25). We believe the market has interpreted this sudden 
drop as a structural loss of market share. However, our primary research suggests this is a temporary, 
market-wide air pocket, creating a compelling entry point. 
 
Because Europace volume disclosure serves as a leading indicator, it captures real-time shifts two 
months before the official Bundesbank figures which is a metric used to estimate new mortgage volume 
for the whole German market. To bridge this information gap, we conducted expert calls with leadership 
at independent mortgage brokers. Their feedback confirms that the slowdown was systemic, not specific 
to Hypoport. For instance, a broker with €700mm in annual volume reported a trajectory nearly 
identical to Europace: +38% in H1, +17.7% in Q3, and -1.5% in Q4. We view this sell-off as an 
underappreciated macro slowdown rather than fundamental erosion of the business.  
 
Deutsche Bank Headwind: 
Historically, Deutsche Bank (DB) was an important product supplier for the German mortgage market 
and for Europace. Starting in ’23, DB made a strategic decision to reduce their exposure to German 
mortgages and have effectively priced themselves out of the market. As a result, DB’s mortgage volume 
on Europace has decreased significantly. In 2022, DB represented ~20% of the mortgage volume on 
Europace and they now represent ~6%. We don’t have a view if DB will come back into the German 
mortgage market anytime soon, but it would be a material positive for Hypoport if they do. This growth 
headwind should be behind Hypoport within the next few quarters as the 600bps DB represents today is 
declining at a rate of about 100bps per quarter and it is unlikely it goes all the way to zero since a 
complete exit of the German mortgage market would negatively impact the bank’s brand amongst 
consumers. The decline of Deutsche Bank volume has been a drag on Europace growth and caused the 
company to revise revenue guidance down slightly in October of 2025.  
 
As shown in the table below, Europace has consistently grown in excess of the broader German 
mortgage market, typically by at least several hundred basis points. We believe solutions like Europace 
are structurally taking share and will continue to for years to come.  
 

Gumshoe Capital 
Hypoport (HYQ GR), February 2026 
Note: Projected valuations are hypothetical, not guaranteed and for illustrative purposes only. Please see important disclosures 
and disclosures related to the use of projections on page 14. 
8 
 
Source: Gumshoe Internal Analysis; Bundesbank; Company Filings; Interhyp & ING Filings 
 
While supply partner concentration has been a temporary headwind for Europace over the last few 
years, it has been a benefit for Interhyp and their platform. ING has increased their German mortgage 
lending market share by 50% since pre-covid to ~6% of the whole market and Interhyp is a direct 
beneficiary of that. We believe ING has been very price aggressive as a product supplier recently and 
this, combined with DB issues, are the main reasons why Interhyp has outgrown Europace in 2025.  
 
Bundesbank Issues: 
Even when excluding Deutsche Bank declines, it appears that market share gains have slowed for 
Europace within the last two years when comparing their volume to Bundesbank. From our checks in 
the market, we believe that Europace is just as well positioned today, if not better than they have been 
historically. Interhyp is reportedly facing some challenges as they attempt to upgrade their software 
platform, and no new notable entrants have made a dent in the market. Finlink, a company owned by 
Nordic Capital’s Bilthouse, attempted to become the third platform in the German mortgage market but 
has failed to get notable traction. Finlink launched in ’22 and but per Unternehmensregister filings has 
yet to exceed €5mm in revenue. Hypoport has invested for over 20 years in Europace’s software and 
customer relationships, which we think would be immensely difficult to replicate. 
 
It is possible that the deceleration in market share gains is caused by issues with the Bundesbank 
volume figures that started to occur in July 2024 and artificially inflate the size of the market. Hypoport 
has talked about this on their last two earnings calls. While we take this with a grain of salt, it does seem 
to be observable when you analyze the Bundesbank volume by loan tenure. In the chart below you can 
see a noticeable separation in July 2024 between volume of new mortgages with a >10 year tenure vs. 
volume of mortgages with a tenure of 5 – 10 years. This separation doesn’t make sense in the context of 
the interest rate environment or what market participants have been observing.  
 

Gumshoe Capital 
Hypoport (HYQ GR), February 2026 
Note: Projected valuations are hypothetical, not guaranteed and for illustrative purposes only. Please see important disclosures 
and disclosures related to the use of projections on page 14. 
9 
 
Source: Bundesbank 
 
Europace discloses the weighted average tenure of mortgage volume flowing through their platform and 
the duration has continued to decline since the crisis given mortgage interest rates are notably higher 
than they were in ‘21. Europace volume represents 1/3rd of the overall market.  
 
Europace Average Mortgage Duration 
 
Source: Europace Data Portal 
 
This issue with Bundesbank could be inflating ’25 volume growth by mid to high single digits which 
would imply market share gains of HSD for Europace when excluding DB. We believe that Europace 
should be able to grow between high single digit to low double digit in excess of the market going 
forward. At this valuation, we don’t think anyone believes that to be possible. 
 
Valuation & Price Targets: 

Gumshoe Capital 
Hypoport (HYQ GR), February 2026 
Note: Projected valuations are hypothetical, not guaranteed and for illustrative purposes only. Please see important disclosures 
and disclosures related to the use of projections on page 14. 
10 
We value Hypoport on an EV / NTM gross profit basis since the company has substantial “pass through” 
revenue in their pooler and Dr. Klein businesses. Margins referred to in this write up use gross profit as 
the denominator given revenue is inflated by these pass-through items. 
 
Hypoport currently trades for 2.4x NTM gross profit, less than half its 10-year trailing average of 7.3x 
and near the cheapest it ever has.  
 
Source: Gumshoe Internal Analysis; CAPIQ; Bloomberg 
 
The German mortgage market crisis began in ’22 when Russia invaded Ukraine. Since then, the market 
has partially recovered but is still 25% below 2019 levels on an inflation adjusted basis. As the market 
normalizes, Europace stands to benefit due to their transactional based monetization model.  
 
EBIT should grow much faster than revenue as the German mortgage market recovers since incremental 
EBIT margins on Europace are near 100%. In Hypoport’s previously disclosed segmentation, the credit 
division (i.e., Europace) and Private Clients (i.e., Dr. Klein) had EBIT margins near 50% before the crisis 
when Ronald was less focused on profitability. Assuming mortgage volumes return back to 2019 levels, 
we believe Hypoport is currently trading below a 10x normalized EBIT multiple.  
 
If you assume the business trades for 4.5x gross profit, as it did in August of last year, with mortgage 
volumes still ~15% below normalized volumes, the stock is more than a double. In a bear scenario where 
the German mortgage market remains subdued and Deutsche Bank issues accelerate, we see 
approximately 25% downside, which would put the shares greater than 10% below where they were in 
November ’22 during the peak of the crisis.  
 

Gumshoe Capital 
Hypoport (HYQ GR), February 2026 
Note: Projected valuations are hypothetical, not guaranteed and for illustrative purposes only. Please see important disclosures 
and disclosures related to the use of projections on page 14. 
11 
 
Source: Gumshoe Internal Analysis; Company Filings, CAPIQ 
 
None of these scenarios above contemplate substantial price increases which we believe are possible. 
Hypoport raised price 20% on Europace volume flowing through the broker channel in 2023 and 
received no pushback. Raising prices an additional 30% on Europace would result in a price increase of 
4bps of the mortgage value to the end-consumer, or less than 1 euro per month on a consumer’s 
mortgage. We think this is very doable and suspect this could be done as a one-off price increase or by 
raising prices 10% a year for several years. Proforma for a 30% Europace price increase and assuming 
the same EBITDA multiples as above, our valuation math would change as follows:  
 
 
Source: Gumshoe Internal Analysis; Company Filings 
 
 
Risks: 
 
Deutsche Bank Decline Accelerates 
While Deutsche Bank only represents 6% of Europace volume today, there is still risk to near term 
guidance if Deutsche Bank’s volume declines faster than the company expects. Deutsche Bank held an 
investor day on 11/17/25 and reiterated that German mortgage lending remains below their return 

Gumshoe Capital 
Hypoport (HYQ GR), February 2026 
Note: Projected valuations are hypothetical, not guaranteed and for illustrative purposes only. Please see important disclosures 
and disclosures related to the use of projections on page 14. 
12 
hurdles. We believe this risk is shorter term in nature and does not affect the long-term outlook for 
Hypoport.  
 
In addition to Europace volume figures, Deutsche Bank declines also affect the company’s JV with DB 
called Starpool. Starpool is a mortgage pooler which means they aggregate large numbers of mom and 
pop individual mortgage brokers into one buying group so they can get enough bargaining power to ask 
for commissions from the banks and get access to the Europace system. We believe Starpool is less than 
5% of Hypoport’s revenue and doesn’t produce any EBIT. Also, DB represents only 1/3rd of the volume 
flowing through Starpool at this point vs. the vast majority it did before the crisis.  
 
Slowdown in the German Mortgage Market 
Hypoport’s Real Estate and Mortgage segment includes businesses which are primarily paid on a 
volume-based monetization model with high incremental EBIT margins. A further decline in volumes in 
the German mortgage market would have negative implications on the company’s revenue, profitability 
and share price, just as it did in ’22. However, we believe at today’s share price the risk / reward 
associated with the cyclicality of the business lean to the upside. We are unsure of the timing of a 
market recovery but believe eventually volumes will normalize back to historical levels given the rising 
demand for housing in the country.  
 
Problems in the Insurance or Financing Division 
During this write up and our research process we have focused mainly on Europace and much less so on 
Hypoport’s other businesses. There is risk that some of these other businesses underperform or never 
become profitable. The Insurance division primarily includes policy management software for insurance 
brokers but it is more of a recurring revenue business than Europace since they charge bps on the 
premiums which come in every year. Roughly 1/3rd of the gross profit of the financing division is 
Europace for personal loans but the other pieces are software and human led brokerage activities for 
housing societies and SMEs raising capital. At today’s valuation you’re not paying much for these other 
businesses and we actually think there’s some hidden assets which we view as call options.  
 
For instance, Wowiport, in Hypoport’s financing segment, is an ERP software for the German housing 
industry that is growing revenue in excess of 60% YoY. Within the real estate segment, the other largest 
piece is the Dr. Klein Mortgage brokerage arm, previously broken out as the private clients segment, and 
is the 2nd largest independent mortgage broker in Germany. We view this as a nice business that should 
be positioned to grow well since brokers are expected to become a larger portion of the market over 
time. Hypoport operates Dr. Klein as a capital light franchise business model and before the crisis had 
EBIT margins near 50%.  
 
Key Man Risk 
Ronald is the brainchild behind Hypoport and effectively controls the company. His track record as a 
capital allocator is mixed. He is very active on Twitter and has strong opinions about the German 
mortgage market and other topics – buyer beware. He is also a savvy buyer of Europace and the risk 
exists that he tries to do a take-under at currently depressed levels. Given the relationship we’ve 
developed with the company, PE firms in Europe, and other funds that do take privates, we believe this 
risk is partially mitigated but remains, as we’ve seen unfortunately happen in several of our 
investments. 
  

Gumshoe Capital 
Hypoport (HYQ GR), February 2026 
Note: Projected valuations are hypothetical, not guaranteed and for illustrative purposes only. Please see important disclosures 
and disclosures related to the use of projections on page 14. 
13 
APPENDIX 
 
Notes: 
Results are unaudited. 
The examples of discrete investments presented on this page should not be considered a recommendation to purchase or sell any 
particular security. There can be no assurance that any securities discussed herein will be in the Fund’s portfolio at any ti me. The 
securities discussed herein do not represent the Fund’s entire portfolio and, in the aggregate, may represent only a small 
percentage of the Fund’s holdings. It should not be assumed that any of the securities discussed herein have been or will be 
profitable, or that recommendations made in the future will be profitable or will equal the investment performance of the 
securities discussed herein. 
The investment examples presented on this page represent the Fund’s top five contributing and detracting positions for the quarter 
ending 12/31/25. Net attribution presented on this page is net of all fees and expenses, including fund expenses, management 
fees, and incentive fee allocation (assuming Standard Class management fees of 1.35% and Standard Class allocation incentive of 
20%). Net perfo rmance results for each position are not actual net returns for such positions. Net attribution includes currency  
and/or hedging activities related to these positions. Net attribution in respect of a particular position includes the deduct ion of 
management fees and other expenses, where the magnitude of the management fees and other expenses charged in P&L dollars 
against the gross performance basis point attribution of the single position is allocated based on the absolute value of the 
position’s P&L attribution. Actual performance in respect of a particular position may vary widely from the performance 
information p resented on this page. Attribution data presented on this page and estimated fees and expenses represent 
reasonable approximations determined by Gumshoe based on available data. Investment returns presented herein reflect the 
reinvestment of income and full participation in new issues. 
There can be no assurance that the Fund or any particular positions in the Fund will achieve returns at levels comparable to the 
positions presented on this page, particularly because there may be differences with respect to, among other things, access t o 
particular markets or securities, hedging instruments, risk tolerance, concentration, leverage, fees and expenses, investment  
restrictions, portfolio size, market and economic conditions, regulatory climate, liquidity profile, cash flows, amount of ca pital 
available for investment, preservation of capital for other investment opportunities, tax considerations and eligibility to participate 
in new issues. In addition, Gumshoe may adjust the composition of the Fund’s portfolio based on market conditions as it  deems 
appropriate and without notice to investors. There is no guarantee that the Fund’s portfolio will be similar to the positions  
presented on this page at any time. Because of these differences and limitations, the information presented herein should not be 
relied upon as a precise reporting of performance of the Fund. An investment in the Fund involves significant risks and is su itable 
only for a person who can bear the economic risk of the loss of its entire investment. 
  

Gumshoe Capital 
Hypoport (HYQ GR), February 2026 
Note: Projected valuations are hypothetical, not guaranteed and for illustrative purposes only. Please see important disclosures 
and disclosures related to the use of projections on page 14. 
14 
Important Disclaimer: 
The material contained herein is confidential and for the sole use of the recipient. No portion of this material may be reproduced, 
copied, distributed, modified or made available to others without express written consent of Gumshoe Capital.  
To assist our investors in understanding our process, Gumshoe Capital has selected Hypoport SE (“ HYQ”) solely to illustrate 
Gumshoe Capital's investment approach and outlook.  Although, as of the publication date of this report, Gumshoe Capital has 
long positions in HYQ and stands to realize gains in the event the stock price increases, you should not assume that any investment 
in HYQ was or will be profitable. Following publication of the report, Gumshoe Capital may transact in securities of HYQ. This 
report does not constitute advice on whether the recipient should buy or sell HYQ now or in the future. Gumshoe Capital’s decisions 
to invest or divest – in whole or in part – of its investment in HYQ are based on numerous considerations not discussed herein, 
including but not limited to the composition of the entire portfolio and the portfolio’s specific investment objectives and l imits. 
There can be no assurance that the securities discussed herein will be in the Fund’s portfolio at any time. 
HYQ was selected for this write-up because it is representative of the investment style and strategy of the Fund, is a core position 
of the Fund, and management believes it to be fully sized. Not all investments in the Fund will have comparable risk reward profiles 
as what has been presented in this write-up of HYQ.  
All content in this report represents the opinions of Gumshoe Capital who has obtained all information within this report fro m 
sources they believe to be accurate and reliable. However, such information is presented “as is,” without warranty of any kin d – 
whether express or implied. No assurance can be given that the investment objectives of Gumshoe Capital will be achieved or that 
losses will not be incurred.  Past performance is not indicative of, and is not a guarantee of, future results. No representation or 
warranty is made or given with respect to the achievement or reasonableness of projections, targets, prospects or returns, if any. 
In furnishing this presentation, Gumshoe does not undertake any obligation to provide the recipient with access to any additional 
information or to update the information contained herein. 
This presentation is submitted on a confidential basis for use solely by the intended recipient. This presentation does not constitute 
an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the Fund (or any feeder fund), which will only be made pursuant 
to a confidential offering memorandum (the “Memorandum”) and only in those jurisdictions permitted by law. In the case of any 
inconsistencies between this presentation and the Memorandum, the Memorandum shall control.  
Use of Projections: 
Any projections herein should not be construed as a guarantee of the future performance of any Gumshoe Capital investment, or 
to be an indicator for how Gumshoe Capital’s investments have performed, or may perform in the future; nor should they be 
considered as indicative of the skill of Gumshoe Capital. Statements of projections have inherent limitations and do not take into 
account all foreseeable or unforeseeable factors that could impact future results. While we believe our assumptions are 
reasonable, projections should not be regarded as a representation or warranty of the potential outcomes highlighted herein.  
Please note that the projections herein represent current expectations regarding future events and are subject to a number of  
assumptions, trends, variables, and uncertainties, most of which are beyond Gumshoe Capital’s control, and which may cause actual 
results to differ materially from such projections.  The projections  herein are subject to change without notice.  Gumshoe Capital 
expressly disclaims any obligation to update its projections  in the future. They should not form a material basis for any investment 
decision.
