Hawk Ridge Capital Management LP.  |  Quarterly Letter  |  Q1 2026  1 
Quarterly Letter | Q1 2026 
During Q1 2026 the Fund generated a net return of 5.5% compared to the S&P 400’s return of 2.5%.  Our 
average adjusted net exposure1 during the quarter was 44% and we ended the quarter with adjusted gross 
exposure1 of 189%.  Our aggregate alpha exposure in the Fund was 145% (114% alpha longs and 31% alpha 
shorts).  Our long book contributed 4.4% gross to our Q1 performance, meanwhile our short book contributed 
2.5% gross.  We are very excited about the increase in alpha generating exposure across our book as it 
reflects the productivity of our investment team  and our enthusiasm about  the current opportunity set.  
We also have made significant improvement in the past year in our ability to hedge industry, thematic, and 
factor biases that are inherent in our idiosyncratic long and short ideas, which has allowed us to gain more 
comfort from a portfolio risk perspective as the alpha exposure has increased. 
 
As we will elaborate on below, our outperformance in Q1 was driven on the long side by our investments in 
data center and AI-adjacent companies as well as investments in data storage hardware companies.  We 
had a strong start to the year in our single name alpha shorts, which generated a ROIC of 6.4% and  
contributed 2.6% to  our total alpha generation.  Meanwhile, s ome of our largest detractors in Q1 were 
companies that the market perceives to be AI losers.  We will outline a few of those losers along with our 
commentary regarding the perceived threat from AI and our view as to why we believe that rationale is 
incorrect.  
Returns YTD 2026 Q1 2026 
Total (Net) 2 5.5% 5.5% 
 
Adjusted Exposure Q1 20263 
Long 118%  
Short 71% 
Net Long 48% 
Our updated trailing 10-year alpha is included below for reference. 
 
1 Adjusted exposures account for reduced risk positions, such as companies currently being acquired that we do not consider app ropriate to assign their full delta 
exposure.   
2 See calculation methodology in disclosures.   
3 Figures as of quarter end.   
4 Net Alpha versus the Benchmark is calculated by multiplying the fund’s YTD regression beta with respect to the Benchmark each year by the return of the 
Benchmark, then subtracting this product from the fund’s net return.  5 Prior to 1/1/2021, the Fund measured alpha versus the Russell 2000 Total Return Index.  
Starting 1/1/2021 the Fund measures alpha versus the S&P Mid Cap 400 Total Return Index.   
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 
HRP Net Return 8.0%  3.9%  21.5%  19.4%  9.5%  1.3%  11.6%  5.0% 8.0% 5.5% 
Benchmark Return5  14.7%  (11.0%) 25.5%  20.0%  24.8%  (13.1%) 16.4%  13.9% 7.5% 2.5% 
HRP Beta vs Benchmark 0.324  0.332  0.370  0.379  0.412  0.513  0.378 0.367 0.411 0.372 
Net Alpha vs Benchmark4 
3.2% 7.6% 12.0% 11.8% (0.7%) 8.0% 5.3% (0.1%) 4.9% 4.5% 
  
Hawk Ridge Capital Management LP.  |  Quarterly Letter  |  Q1 2026  2 
There were a few notable developments in our portfolio to highlight during the quarter. 
Our top contributor in Q1 was our long position in Applied Optoelectronics (AAOI), which contributed 362bps 
to our gross performance.  AAOI designs and manufactures fiber optic transceivers that connect servers 
and switches within data centers .  AAOI was previously a leader in this market but lost share during prior 
technology cycles as increased competition and industry overcapacity led to severe pricing pressure .  
However, the recent rapid scaling of AI infrastructure resulted in an undersupplied market, and we saw an 
opportunity for AAOI to reemerge as a meaningful player .  We initiated our position in Q4 2025 with the 
belief that AAOI was on the cusp of a significant revenue inflection driven by its entry into the 800G and 1.6T 
transceiver markets.  The company announced a large client win in Q4 2025, but the market remained 
skeptical of AAOI’s ability to execute at scale.  We believed that this skepticism was misplaced and that the 
market failed to appreciate AAOI’s competitive differentiation including its vertical integration into laser 
chips and substantial domestic wafer  fabrication and module assembly capability .  Specifically, upon 
completion of its expansion  of manufacturing capacity at its Texas facilities , we believe AAOI will be the 
only transceiver manufacturer producing at scale domestically.  In addition to the transceiver opportunity, 
the company’s legacy cable business provides a steady revenue base with incremental upside from 
network upgrade activity at its largest customer .  The stock outperformed in Q1 after  AAOI announced 
positive Q4 2025 results, stronger than expected Q1 2026 guidance, and provided further detail on customer 
demand and its planned manufacturing ramp through 2027 .  While we remain optimistic that AAOI may 
continue to see strong upside, we exited our position as we felt that the market has recognized our thesis 
and our view is not as differentiated as it once was. 
 
Another top contributor in Q1 was our long position in Entegris (ENTG), which contributed 131bps gross to our 
performance.  ENTG is the largest supplier of consumable products to the semiconductor industry, holding 
leading market positions in products like liquid and gas filters and wafer polishing pads and slurries .  We 
initiated our investment in ENTG in Q3 2024 as we believed the company was out of favor because it was 
cyclically underearning as  semiconductor industry volumes were down 25% from prior peak levels .  In 
addition, we believed ENTG was well positioned to benefit from two major themes in semiconductor 
manufacturing: miniaturization in logic chips and more complex architectures in logic and memory .  We 
observed that a s the technical specifications of chips become more complex, fabrication plants  use 
greater quantities of consumables from ENTG.  The stock reached our target price in Q1 with the market 
pricing in a broad-based recovery in chip volumes as well as enthusiasm about technology transitions in 
leading edge logic and NAND memory leading to content per wafer expansion.  We have since exited our 
position. 
 
Our long position in Scout24 (G24 GR) was our largest detractor in Q1, detracting 144bps gross from our 
performance.  We were previously invested in G24 GR from 2023 to Q2 2025, and we reinitiated the position 
in Q4 2025 after the stock declined significantly from its July 2025 highs .  Despite what we saw as strong  
operating performance, the stock declined due to investor concern that AI could be disruptive to online 
classified business models.  As we highlighted in our Q4 2025 letter, we disagree with these concerns that 
AI will commoditize property listing information or increase operating costs for classifieds companies.  We 
believe G24 GR’s ubiquito us brand positioning and what we view as superior AI-based semantic search 
experience, which leverages proprietary data , will insulate the business and reinforce its position as the 
leading source of data and information in the German real estate market .  Despite the  stock’s 
underperformance year-to-date, G24 GR’s 2027 consensus earnings estimates have been revised higher 
since we began rebuilding our position.  We believe G24 GR is well positioned and expect its stock price to 
recover as investors refine their assessments of AI winners and losers across the internet landscape.   
 
Our long position in nCino (NCNO) detracted 105bps gross from performance in Q1 .  NCNO is the leading 
software platform for U.S . commercial loan underwriting and provides a broader suite of loan origination 
  
Hawk Ridge Capital Management LP.  |  Quarterly Letter  |  Q1 2026  3 
solutions globally .  We began building the position in Q4 2025 with the belief that  the market was 
misinterpreting macroeconomic headwinds— rising rates, the aftermath of the 2023 liquidity crisis, and a 
tepid housing market — for a shrinking structural growth runway for NCNO .  In contrast, we saw a durable 
growth runway and revenue acceleration driven by a pricing initiative and improving end-market demand 
as macro headwinds reversed .  We also believed NCNO was better positioned for agentic AI than the 
market appreciated.  The stock continued to decline in Q1 amid a broader selloff in application software, 
as advancing AI capabilities fueled concerns around declining barriers to entry and fear that AI agents 
could replace incumbent software vendors entirely.  We think that these fears are exaggerated in the case 
of NCNO.  We believe t he company is deeply embedded within its customers, serving as the system of 
record for loan underwriting, with workflows that take years to implement and are tightly tied to regulatory 
compliance, resulting in best-in-class gross retention.  We believe this entrenchment not only protects the 
existing business but positions NCNO as one of the most credible path s for banks to adopt AI -driven 
underwriting solutions, particularly given the high accuracy and compliance requirements of the function.  
The opportunity is particularly compelling in smaller banks, which have limited IT resources and are more 
likely to adopt AI through trusted vendors .  We believe NCNO has also built a unique dataset across loan 
underwriting that provides a significant advantage in training and deploying these tools .  While still early, 
customer interest has been strong, with some  customers pulling forward renewals at higher prices to 
access these new AI capabilities .  We remain confident in NCNO’s positioning as its AI roadmap develops 
and the core business is expected to reaccelerate. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We recently initiated a long position in Verisign (VRSN) in Q4 2025. VRSN is a registry operator for top -level 
domains (TLDs), most notably .com, effectively serving as the infrastructure that directs internet traffic to 
registered websites.  We initiated our position after the stock sold off due to a short report predicated on 
 
6For each position displayed in these tables, we calculated its daily contribution by dividing the daily P&L of that position by the start of the day NAV , which when summed, provides 
us with the funds’ daily return.  We then compounded the daily contributions across a one-year range and applied a smoothing algorithm to the individual positions so that the 
sum of the position-level compounded returns equaled the compounded fund-level returns.  
7 The securities shown are for illustrative purposes only and do not represent all holdings. Past performance of specific investments is not indicative of future results. 
 
 
Top Winners – Q16,7 
Rank Company Attribution (Gross) 
1 Applied Optoelectronics 3.62% 
2 Entegris 1.31% 
3 Western Digital 1.24% 
4 Seagate Technology Holdings 1.04% 
5 Woodward 0.77% 
Total  7.98% 
Top Losers – Q1 
Rank Company Attribution (Gross) 
1 Scout24 -1.44% 
2 Fidelity National Information Services -1.28% 
3 nCino -1.05% 
4 Blackline -1.02% 
5 Amadeus IT Group -0.81% 
Total  -5.60% 
  
Hawk Ridge Capital Management LP.  |  Quarterly Letter  |  Q1 2026  4 
an anticipated slowdown in new .com registrations following VRSN’s 2025 expansion of its marketing 
programs with customers, as well as concerns around AI disrupting websites and impairing demand for 
the .com TLD.  Through our analysis  on .com domain registrations, we believe the fears around VRSN’s 
revamped marketing programs are misplaced.  We also believe that AI will benefit .com registrations, as AI 
reduces friction in the domain registration process and  may expedite website creation via low-code/no-
code tools.  YTD 202 6 domain base trends have supported our thesis, with .com domain growth 
accelerating dramatically to start the year.  Despite the strong recent trends, VRSN continues to trade at a 
discount to its historical valuation.   We expect a meaningful rerating in the stock over the next several 
quarters as domain base growth exceeds expectations and  Street estimates move significantly higher 
due to stronger volume growth in .com coupled with an expected price increase. 
 
During Q1, we built a new short position in Vita Coco Company (COCO) .  COCO is currently the leading 
coconut water brand in the U .S.  While the company has grown its top -line over the last few years, w e 
initiated our short position based on our belief that  COCO’s current growth  trajectory is not sustainable 
and that this gr owth is largely attributable to what we view as  a consumer fad .   In fact, we have seen 
similar fad cyclicality for coconut water in prior decades.  We anticipate that the company’s revenue run-
rate in the next several quarters  will be significantly lower than the market forecasts.  Specifically, in our 
view, the current benefits from meaningful promotions at a large retailer, additional shelf space at another 
large mass merchant , and a sizable price increase put through last summer will all lap later this year, 
resulting in a true revenue run-rate well below investors’ expectations.   
 
As always, we welcome your feedback - please don’t hesitate to reach out to us with any questions or 
comments.   
 
Sincerely, 
 
 
  David Brown           
  Chief Investment Officer  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  
Hawk Ridge Capital Management LP.  |  Quarterly Letter  |  Q1 2026  5 
Disclosures 
 
This letter is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to purchase interests 
in the Fund.  This summary does not contain all information that is material to an investment in the Fund.  An investment 
in the Fund is speculative and subject to a variety of risks and considerations that are detailed in the Fund’s Confidential 
Offering Memorandum (the “Memorandum”).  Prospective investors may not subscribe for interests in the Fund until they 
have received a cop y of the Memorandum and are determined to have met certain criteria described therein .  
Prospective investors are advised to review the Memorandum and consult their own advisors regarding any potential 
investment in the Fund .  The summary information in this presentation is qualified in its entirety by the additional 
information in the Memorandum.  It should not be assumed that an investment in the fund would be profitable or that 
the performance of the Fund will equal its past performance .  No guarantee of  investment performance is being 
provided and no inference to the contrary should be made .  There is a risk of loss from an investment in securities, 
including the potential loss of principal.  Past performance is not a guarantee of future results.    
 
Net returns prior to 1/1/2018 represent the aggregate returns to all investors of the Fund .  Not all investors have 
experienced this specific return level.  References to performance of the “Fund” or “Partnership” prior to 1/1/2018 refer to 
the aggregate asset weighted return of all three feeder funds to Hawk Ridge Master Fund, L.P., the methodology for which 
is as follows: First the gross return of the Master  Fund was calculated net of fund expenses .  Expenses specific to the 
feeder funds and the Master Fu nd were all aggregated and applied at the Master level, aside from US dividend 
withholding tax on offshore investors, which is an expense specifically applied to the offshore feeder fund .  This gross 
return was then allocated to the three feeder funds.  Next, the aggregate management fees across all investors in each 
feeder was deducted from the gross return after expenses to arrive at the return of each feeder before the performance 
allocation had been applied .  Next, a 20% performance allocation was appli ed to the return of each feeder (before 
performance allocation) to arrive at the net return of each feeder .  Because certain investors within each feeder, the 
General Partner as an example, did not pay full or any management fees, the net return of each feeder was higher than 
that of a full management fee paying investor prior 1/1/2018 .  The final step in calculating the net return of the Fund in 
aggregate was to calculate the asset weighted average net return of the three feeder funds .  Post 1/1/2018, the results 
displayed are that of representative full fee (1.75% management fee and 20% performance allocation) paying investors 
in the onshore and offshore feeder funds.  To arrive at a single performance number, the asset weighted average across 
the three feeder funds is calculated.  Lower fees may be available from other investment advisors. Hawk Ridge has 
entered into side letter or similar agreements with certain investors that provide for more favorable fees than other 
investors.  
 
Net Alpha versus the Benchmark is calculated by multiplying the fund's regression beta with respect to the Benchmark 
each year by the return of the Benchmark, then subtracting this product from the fund's net return.  Gross Alpha versus 
the Benchmark is calculated by multiplying the fund's regression beta with respect to the Benchmark each year by the 
return of the Benchmark, then subtracting this product from the fund's gross return before fees and expenses.   
Prior to 1/1/2021, the Fund measured alpha versus the Russell 2000 Total Return Index.  Starting 1/1/2021 the Fund measures 
alpha versus the S&P Mid Cap 400 Total Return Index.  The Russell 2000 Index is an unmanaged index that measures the 
performance of the small-cap segment of the U.S.  equity universe and is a subset of the Russell 3000 Index representing 
approximately 10% of the total market capitalization of that index and includes approximately 2,000 of the smallest 
securities based on a combination of their market cap and current index membership.  The S&P MidCap 400 Index is the 
most widely used index for mid-sized companies.  Today, mid-caps are recognized as an independent asset class, with 
risk/reward profiles that differ considerably from both large-caps and small-caps.  It covers approximately 7% of the U.S.  
equities market.  
The S&P Mid Cap 400 Index  and Russell 2000 Index may not be the most appropriate comparisons because they are 
passive investments and more diversified.  The Fund is actively managed product that may experience more investment 
volatility and turnover than the unmanaged S&P Mid Cap 400 Index  and Russell 2000 Index .  Additionally, due to the 
allocation differences between the indexes and The Fund, the volatility of each index may be materially different from 
that of the Partnership, which may have accounted for the results of the comparison.  Index information is provided to 
represent the investment environment existing for the time periods shown.  Unless otherwise noted, index returns reflect 
the reinvestment of income dividends and capital gains, if any, but do not reflect fees, brokerage commissions or other 
expenses of investing .  The returns of each index do not reflect the actual cost of investing in the instruments that 
comprise it.  Please note an investor cannot invest directly in an index. 
  
Hawk Ridge Capital Management LP.  |  Quarterly Letter  |  Q1 2026  6 
The specific holdings identified herein do not represent all securities purchased, sold, or recommended for the Fund and 
may not be representative of any current or future investments.  Portfolio holdings are subject to change without notice.  
No guarantee of investment performance is being provided and no inference to the contrary should be made . There 
can be no guarantee that any investment strategy employed by Hawk Ridge will be successful .  An investment in the 
Fund managed by Hawk Ridge is speculative,  illiquid, and involves a high degree of risk, including possible loss of 
principal. 
Any projections or other estimates in this presentation including estimates of returns or performance, are forward -
looking statements and are based upon certain assumptions .  Other events, which were not taken into account, may 
occur and may significantly affect performance .  Any assumptions should not be construed to be indicative of the 
actual events that will occur.  Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond the 
control of Hawk Ridge.  Certain assumptions have been made to simplify the presentation and, accordingly, actual 
results will differ, and may differ significantly, from those presented.  Some important factors which could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those projected or estimated in any forward -looking statements include, but are not 
limited to, the following: changes in interest rates and financial, market, economic or legal conditions.   
In order to enhance current and prospective investor understanding of our process, approach and views, this 
presentation includes detailed discussions regarding selected positions in our Funds’ portfolios .  In doing so, we hope 
this transparency enhances your understanding of our views on the investment opportunities we see in the marketplace 
and why we have positioned the Fund the way we have.  With such information available to you, we believe current and 
prospective investors are better informed and equi pped to understand and/or challenge our views and approach to 
determine whether an investment in a Fund is consistent with the mandate of each individual investor.  As our focus is 
on current positions, we naturally have a constructive bias to these companies, which investors should weigh in 
determining their own views on our approach and the forward return opportunities of the Funds.   
Securities highlighted or discussed in this presentation have been selected to illustrate Hawk Ridge’s investment 
approach and/or market outlook and are not intended to represent the Funds’ performance or be an indicator for how 
the Funds have performed or may perform in the future.  Each security discussed in this presentation has been selected 
solely for this purpose and has not been selected on the basis of performance or any performance-related criteria.  The 
securities discussed herein do not represent  an entire portfolio and in the aggregate may only represent a small 
percentage of a Fund’s holdings.  The Funds’ portfolio is actively managed and securities discussed in this presentation 
may or may not be held in such portfolios at any given time .  Nothing in this presentation shall constitute a 
recommendation or endorsement to buy or sell any security or other financial instrument referenced in this letter .   
 
The 2026 performance numbers are unaudited estimated figures that include the reinvestment of dividends, interest 
and other earnings and are net of accrued management fees, performance fees, brokerage commissions and fund 
expenses.  The performance results reflect the performance of the fund strategy as a whole, rather than that of any 
particular investor.  The actual performance experienced by any individual investor may be materially different from the 
performance shown.  It should not be assumed that investors will in the future experience returns, if any, comparable to 
those presented in this presentation.  This document has been prepared for the information of investors and prospective 
investors in the Fund and is not intended to be distributed to the general public.
