Heights Point Management, LP | 295 Madison Avenue, Suite 1701 | New York, NY 10017 
 
 
 
 
 
1Q26 Partner Letter 
April 30, 2026 
 
 
Dear Partner,  
 
During the first quarter of 2026, the Fund returned 2.3% on a gross basis and 1.8% on a net basis, compared to the 
Russell 2000 Index and Russell 2500 Index, which increased 0.9% and 2.0%, respectively.1 The Fund maintained 
average long exposure of 106.0%, short exposure of 36.5%, gross exposure of 142.6%, and net exposure of 69.5% 
during the quarter.2 Please see the Exposure and Attribution Report for the period ended March 31, 2026 for details.  
 
Summary of the First Quarter of 2026 
 
Both long and short positions contributed positively to performance during the quarter, as our long positions 
contributed 2.4% to performance (1.9% on a net basis), while our short positions contributed 0.5% to performance 
(0.3% on a net basis).3 We generated a positive 4.2% long-short spread as our longs outperformed our shorts.4  
 
The first quarter unfolded as a tale of two distinct market environments, with a clear inflection in March following 
the start of the conflict in Iran. During January and February, markets benefited from a “Goldilocks” backdrop of 
resilient growth and moderating inflation. Performance broadened meaningfully, with cyclical and value-oriented 
companies outperforming as investor positioning increasingly shifted toward these areas. This dynamic reversed in 
March as rising oil prices introduced renewed inflation concerns and triggered a repricing of interest rate 
expectations. Financial conditions tightened and market volatility increased, leading to a pullback in equities as 
positioning unwound.  
 
Despite the variation in monthly returns driven by geopolitical developments, the result of the quarter was broadly 
consistent with our expectations: we generated a positive return with a positive long-short spread and alpha on both 
sides of the portfolio relative to the Russell 2000 and Russell 2500 indices. The environment has also become more 
supportive of investing in small- and mid-capitalization companies, which have begun to outperform more 
consistently after a prolonged period of trailing large-capitalization indices. While the markets remain dynamic, we 
are optimistic about the outlook for our strategy and believe that what we wrote in these pages exactly one year ago 
in the immediate aftermath of “Liberation Day” applies equally well today:  
 
Although the environment has proven more challenging to navigate than we initially expected at the start 
of the year, the market sell-off has enhanced what were already attractive risk-reward profiles across many 
of our investments. In our experience, similar periods have historically set the stage for strong future 
returns. We remain mindful of the risks, […] but we also believe that investors like Heights Point who are 
able to invest with a multi-year time horizon will benefit greatly from the opportunities being created by 
this dynamic environment. As a result, we are as excited as ever about the Fund’s future prospects. 
 1 Past performance is not indicative or a guarantee of future results. Performance reflects that of a Class A investor in Heights 
Point Partners Onshore, LP (i.e., the highest fee-paying class currently being offered to investors). Please see Disclosures for 
important additional disclosures regarding the return and index information herein.  2 Calculated as delta-adjusted average daily exposure. 3 Gross and net attribution is calculated at the Master Fund level. Please see Disclosures for important additional information.  4 Spread is calculated as the difference in returns between long positions and short positions and does not represent the 
performance an investor would receive. Please see Disclosures for additional information. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
 
 
                          Heights Point Management, LP | 295 Madison Avenue, Suite 1701 | New York, NY 10017                        2 
Consistent with the “Liberation Day” period, we believe recent dislocations have created numerous opportunities 
to invest in quality companies at meaningful discounts to our estimates of intrinsic value.  
 
Our top five contributors to performance during the quarter were Solstice Advanced Materials, Corning, Enviri, 
Entegris, and Lattice Semiconductor:5  
 
Solstice Advanced Materials (SOLS) outperformed following several research notes highlighting the positive 
outlook for the company’s nuclear fuel conversion business, as well as management’s efforts to spotlight the 
segment on its fourth-quarter earnings call. We built our position at attractive prices following the company’s spin-
off from Honeywell (HON), taking advantage of indiscriminate selling by index funds and legacy Honeywell 
shareholders, and ended the year with Solstice as one of our largest positions.  
 
Corning (GLW) traded higher after the company announced a $6B agreement with Meta (META) to support its 
build out of data center infrastructure, providing long-term demand visibility. Shares were further supported by 
fourth-quarter results that exceeded expectations, driven by strong enterprise fiber demand and a ramping domestic 
solar business.  
 
Enviri (NVRI) shares traded higher after the company announced early termination of the HSR waiting period for 
the sale of its Clean Earth subsidiary to Veolia (VIE.FP) and filed the Form 10 for “New Enviri,” highlighting the 
company’s prospects following the separation of Clean Earth. 
 
Entegris (ENTG) shares traded higher after reporting fourth-quarter results above expectations and issuing better-
than-expected first-quarter guidance. Performance was supported by optimism around the company’s exposure to 
memory (approximately 30% of revenue), an area of the semiconductor market benefiting from demand and pricing 
tailwinds driven by generative AI.  
 
Lattice Semiconductor (LSCC) shares outperformed after the company reported strong fourth-quarter earnings and 
provided first-quarter guidance ahead of consensus, driven by improving inventory dynamics and growth in 
companion chips sold to hyperscaler customers for AI applications. 
 
Our top five detractors from performance during the quarter were Alaska Air Group, Somnigroup International, 
Montana Aerospace, BioLife Solutions, and Gildan Activewear:  
 
Alaska Air Group (ALK) shares traded lower following the onset of the conflict in Iran, which drove a spike in jet 
fuel prices and raised concerns about potential demand weakness. While a near-term headwind, assuming an 
eventual normalization in fuel prices, we believe the company’s earnings power remains intact as idiosyncratic 
initiatives, including the integration of Hawaiian Airlines, continue to progress ahead plan. 
 
Somnigroup International (SGI) shares declined as rising interest rates during the period drove concerns around 
demand for large-ticket consumer items. We remain constructive as the company integrates both the 
transformational Mattress Firm acquisition and the recently announced acquisition of Leggett & Platt (LEG).  
 
Montana Aerospace (AERO.SW) shares traded lower on concerns that the conflict in Iran would pressure input 
costs and demand. We believe the company’s business offers substantial protection against increases in energy and 
input costs, as inflation is largely passed through to aircraft OEMs and its industry-leading vertical integration 
mitigates exposure to supply chain constraints.  
 
BioLife Solutions (BLFS) reported fourth-quarter results and initiated full-year revenue guidance ahead of 
consensus, highlighting a transition to GAAP profitability and continued strength in its core biopreservation media 
 5 Top contributors and detractors represent single name holdings and exclude market-wide and sector-specific index and custom 
hedges which may have contributed to performance. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
 
 
                          Heights Point Management, LP | 295 Madison Avenue, Suite 1701 | New York, NY 10017                        3 
franchise. Despite this, shares traded lower over the quarter, reflecting higher rates and broader pressure across life 
sciences consumables and tools.  
 
Gildan Activewear (GIL) shares declined after the company provided 2026 revenue guidance below expectations, 
primarily reflecting the divestiture of Hanesbrands Australia and the accelerated closure of acquired manufacturing 
facilities. While these actions pressure near-term results, the integration of Hanes is progressing ahead of plan, 
giving us confidence in the company’s long-term outlook. 
 
Our top five longs and shorts on March 31st were as follows:6 
 
 Longs  Shorts 
 Enviri (NVRI)  Fresh Produce Distributor 
 Halma (HLMA.LN)  Building Products Company 
 Mercury Systems (MRCY)  Freight & Logistics Company 
 Performance Food Group (PFGC)  Building Products Company 
 Centuri Holdings (CTRI)  Consumer Electronics Retailer 
 
 
Current Outlook and Positioning  
 
The first quarter was defined by a clear shift in market conditions. A supportive backdrop in January and February, 
characterized by resilient growth, moderating inflation, and a broadening in equity performance, gave way in March 
to heightened volatility following the onset of the conflict in Iran. Rising oil prices led to renewed inflation concerns 
and a repricing of interest rate expectations, tightening financial conditions and driving a decline in the cyclical 
areas of the market that had previously outperformed. While the intra-quarter reversal was meaningful, we believe 
the broader trend toward improving breadth and leadership in small- and mid-capitalization equities that began last 
year remains intact.  
 
Our positioning was well aligned with the market through the first two months of the quarter, with the portfolio 
remaining meaningfully oriented toward cyclical dislocations, particularly within Industrials, Materials and Energy, 
where we continue to find compelling risk-adjusted opportunities. The portion of the portfolio dedicated to these 
areas performed well during that period, supported by broad outperformance in small- and mid-capitalization 
companies. The sharp reversal in March, however, weighed on performance as these trends reversed. While the 
drawdown experienced in March was significant, the underlying dynamic is familiar: prices have reset 
meaningfully, while our estimates of intrinsic value have changed far less. As a result, the gap between price and 
value has widened, improving the prospective return profile of the portfolio. 
 
Consistent with our approach during prior periods of elevated uncertainty, such as the first half of 2022 and the first 
half of 2025, our focus has been on maintaining an appropriate balance between capital preservation and capital 
appreciation. With that in mind, we took several actions over the course of the quarter that we believe will enhance 
the risk-adjusted return profile of the portfolio: 
 
 Reduced exposure. We lowered gross and net exposure to the low end of our historical through-cycle range 
(50-70%) and reduced overall portfolio risk.7 The objective has been to improve downside resilience, 
 6 Top holdings represent single name holdings and exclude market-wide and sector-specific index and custom hedges.  7 Measured on a look-through basis, excluding cash proceeds expected to be received in 2Q26 from the Fund’s long position 
in Enviri (NVRI).  
CONFIDENTIAL 
 
 
                          Heights Point Management, LP | 295 Madison Avenue, Suite 1701 | New York, NY 10017                        4 
particularly in periods when correlations increase and macroeconomic factors dominate, while preserving 
flexibility to add risk opportunistically as conditions evolve. While the opportunity set has improved, we remain 
measured in increasing overall exposure given limited near-term visibility. 
 Moderated cyclical positioning. Entering the year, we had meaningful exposure to companies in cyclical 
industries, where our expected range of outcomes has since widened. We moderated our positioning by exiting 
multiple investments with elevated macroeconomic sensitivity and reduced the size of several others, 
particularly those that had performed strongly earlier in the year. While our recent conversations with contacts 
across a variety of industries, including building products, consumer retail, and trucking continue to suggest a 
resilient consumer, we have selectively refined our exposure to cyclical businesses given increased uncertainty 
around inflation and interest rates.  
 Opportunistically added to the long portfolio. We redeployed capital into several investments where we see 
compelling idiosyncratic opportunities. Three examples are: (i) Versigent (VGNT), the leading supplier of 
wiring harnesses to the automotive industry, recently spun off from Aptiv (APTV), where we built a position 
at a significant discount to peers due to price-agnostic selling from index funds and legacy Aptiv shareholders; 
(ii) Centuri Holdings (CTRI), an engineering and construction firm serving electric and gas utilities, spun out 
of Southwest Gas (SWX), with a high degree of recurring revenue and a growing backlog, led by a new CEO 
focused on growth and margin expansion; and (iii) Golar LNG (GLNG), a provider of floating LNG liquefaction 
vessels operating under long-term contracts, positioned to benefit from a multi-year structural tightening in 
global LNG supply following the conflict in Iran.  
 
Looking ahead, we are increasingly constructive on the opportunity set. While the near-term outlook remains 
uncertain, recent volatility has improved valuations across many of our holdings and increased the number of 
attractive investment opportunities. Notably, the share prices of many of the cyclicals we own remain well below 
their year-to-date highs even as broader indices have recovered much of their decline, suggesting that the dislocation 
beneath the surface has been significantly more severe than headline market performance would imply. In our view, 
this has created a more asymmetric setup for the portfolio. Either the market’s optimism at the index level has yet 
to be reflected across our long positions, implying meaningful upside in our long book from current levels, or the 
recent recovery in headline indices proves premature, in which case our short book should become increasingly 
valuable. As a result, we believe the portfolio is better positioned today than it was just a few short weeks ago and 
have begun selectively increasing exposure where we see the most compelling opportunities.  
 
Our gross and net exposure ended the first quarter at 139.0% and 65.7%, respectively, with a long-short ratio of 
2.8x. Our largest position, Enviri (NVRI), expects to close on the sale of its largest division by the end of the second 
quarter, the cash proceeds from which we estimate represent approximately 80% of its equity value. Excluding the 
cash that we expect to receive at closing, we estimate our gross and net exposure ended the first quarter at 126.7% 
and 53.4%, respectively, the low end of the Fund’s long-term ranges considering the uncertainty in the current 
environment. As noted previously, we added new long positions across a number of sectors, replacing many of the 
long positions exited during the quarter. On the short side, we remained active, closing positions in shorts that 
approached our estimates of intrinsic value during the market decline in March, and establishing new positions (and 
reestablishing previously exited positions) across a range of sectors as the market recovered in recent weeks. 
 
Organizational Update 
 
During the quarter, Alex Karpos, who had been with the firm since launch, departed to pursue another opportunity. 
We thank him for his contributions. In connection with this transition, we have hired Rishi Kheni, who joined in 
early April, having previously worked in investment banking at Lazard. We believe Rishi is a strong fit with our 
research-driven approach and expect him to contribute meaningfully over time.  
 
Conclusion  
 
As we approach our five-year anniversary in the coming months, we are incredibly grateful for the support of our 
partners, many of whom have been with us since launch. The past half decade has been highly dynamic, and the 
CONFIDENTIAL 
 
 
                          Heights Point Management, LP | 295 Madison Avenue, Suite 1701 | New York, NY 10017                        5 
current environment is no exception. Through it all, our partner base has remained steadfast and, on balance, 
increased its investment in the Fund. Your trust has enabled us to stay focused on our process and navigate periods 
of volatility with discipline in the pursuit of our objective of maximizing risk-adjusted returns over the long term.  
 
Thank you for your partnership.  
 
Sincerely,  
 
 
 
 
Brian Belke  
Managing Partner 
  

CONFIDENTIAL 
 
 
                          Heights Point Management, LP | 295 Madison Avenue, Suite 1701 | New York, NY 10017                        6 
Disclosures 
 
This letter is provided for informational purposes only and is intended solely for the person to whom it is delivered. This letter 
is confidential and may not be reproduced in its entirety or in part, or redistributed to any party in any form, without the prior 
written consent of Heights Point Management, LP (“Heights Point”). This letter was prepared in good faith by Heights Point 
for your specific use and contains certain information concerning Heights Point Partners Onshore, LP (the “Domestic Fund”) 
and Heights Point Partners Master Fund, LP (the “Master Fund,” and together with the Domestic Fund, the “Fund”). 
Information contained in this letter is current only as of the date specified in this letter, irrespective of the time of delivery or 
of any investment and does not purport to present a complete picture of Heights Point, the Fund, or any other fund or account 
managed by Heights Point, nor does Heights Point undertake any duty to update the information set forth herein. Unless 
indicated otherwise, information presented herein is based on Heights Point’s proprietary research and/or represents Heights 
Point’s opinion. 
 
This letter does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any securities, including any securities 
of Heights Point, the Fund, or any other fund or account managed by Heights Point. Any such offer or solicitation may be made 
only by means of the delivery of a confidential private offering memorandum (each, a “Memorandum”), which will contain 
material information not included herein regarding, among other things, information with respect to risk factors and potential 
conflicts of interest, and other offering and governance letters of any given fund or account (collectively with the Memorandum, 
the “Offering Documents”). In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Fund and 
the terms of any offering. Investors should not construe the contents of this letter as legal, tax, investment, or other advice, or 
a recommendation to purchase or sell any particular security. 
 
Gross returns presented herein reflect the performance of an investor that has been invested in the Domestic Fund since 
inception and reflects the deduction of applicable (Class A or Founders Class) management fees that would apply to a full fee-
paying limited partner invested in that class of the Domestic Fund (Class A is the highest fee-paying class currently being 
offered by the Fund), but not any applicable incentive allocation. Net returns presented herein reflect the performance of an 
investor that has been invested in the Domestic Fund since its inception on July 1, 2021, and reflects the deduction of expenses 
(Class A or Founders), management fees and incentive allocations that would apply to a full fee-paying limited partner invested 
in that class of the Domestic Fund. Gross and net returns are calculated to include the reinvestment of dividends, interest and 
other earnings and assume that the investor does not participate in the allocation of “new issues” as defined in Rule 5130 of 
FINRA. An individual investor’s actual return may vary from the performance results presented herein based upon, among 
other factors, the timing of investments and withdrawals, differing fees, allocations and expenses, and an investor’s 
participation in, or exclusion from, certain investments. Results have not been audited or realized and should not be relied upon 
as such. Past performance is not indicative of, and not a guarantee of, future results. 
 
Attribution figures set forth herein are calculated at the Master Fund level. Gross attribution figures are reported gross of 
management fees, incentive allocations, and expenses, which when deducted will materially lower performance. Net attribution 
figures are reported net of all fees and expenses. To calculate net attribution, Master Fund expenses and fund-level income are 
allocated to the applicable categories in a two-step process. First, fund level expenses and income, excluding incentive 
allocations, for a given period (e.g., management fee, financing costs, income or loss from foreign exchange hedges, interest 
earned on cash, and other fund expenses) are allocated to a category (i.e., long vs. short) pro rata based on that category’s 
percentage of the total average gross exposure during the period. The second step allocates any incentive allocation to the 
individual categories.  Incentive allocation is allocated to the categories by calculating the ratio of the Master Fund level net 
return to the Master Fund level gross return and multiplying each category by that ratio. To the extent that multiple components 
of an option spread strategy are viewed as a single position for internal reporting purposes, such attribution is reported in the 
assigned category and long or short position. Heights Point believes that the net attribution calculations described above 
represent reasonable approximations based on available data.  There are other methodologies or assumptions Heights Point 
could have used in calculating net attribution, which may lead to higher, lower, or more accurate net attribution figures than 
those presented herein. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, the portfolio exposure figures set forth herein represent the average daily exposure of the Master Fund 
and are delta adjusted. Average exposure is calculated as the arithmetic mean of the Master Fund’s daily exposure for a given 
time period. 
 
Spread is an internal metric used by Heights Point to evaluate its performance. Spread metrics provided herein represent the 
difference between the return of the long positions and the return of the short positions at the Master Fund level and should not 
be construed to represent the performance any individual investor in the Fund would receive. Performance from trades in or 
relating to options on market indices or ETFs are not included in spread calculations. The returns used in the calculation 
CONFIDENTIAL 
 
 
                          Heights Point Management, LP | 295 Madison Avenue, Suite 1701 | New York, NY 10017                        7 
represent the daily gains and losses of long or short positions (including position specific accruals and rebates) as a percentage 
of the total capital invested in those long or short positions. For example, the return of the long positions represents the 
compounded daily gain or loss generated by long positions as a percentage of the assets invested in those long positions. Spread 
metrics are based on position level calculations and do not include the deduction of expenses such as management fees, 
incentive allocations, and other fund expenses. Net long performance takes the gross return of the long positions and allocates 
expenses using a similar two-step methodology described in the net attribution calculation. There are other methodologies that 
could have been used and which may lead to higher, lower, or more accurate performance figures than those presented herein. 
 
In calculating projected returns, Heights Point utilizes financial models that require specific inputs that, in some cases, are 
estimated, and certain assumptions that ultimately may not hold true with respect to any investment. These estimates and 
assumptions may cause actual realized returns to deviate materially from modelled expectations. These models, including the 
estimates and assumptions, are prepared at a specific point in time and reflect conditions at such time. The projected returns 
are calculated gross of all fund-level expenses, management fees and incentive allocations, if any, which, when deducted, will 
materially lower performance. The projected returns are premised on several factors including, without limitation, the 
opportunities that the Heights Point investment team is currently seeing and/or expects to see in the future, which opportunities 
are uncertain and subject to numerous business, industry, market, regulatory, competitive and financial risks that are outside of 
Heights Point’s control. There can be no assurance that the assumptions made in connection with the projected returns will 
prove accurate, and actual results may differ materially, including the possibility that an investor will lose some or all of its 
invested capital. No assurances can be made that projected returns will correlate in any way to past results, and no representation 
is made that results similar to those shown can be achieved. The inclusion of the projected returns herein should not be regarded 
as an indication that Heights Point considers the projected returns to be a reliable prediction of future events, and the projected 
returns should not be relied upon as such. Please contact Heights Point by emailing IR@heightspoint.com if you would like 
additional explanation concerning the models, including the estimates and assumptions. 
 
Any investment examples set forth in this letter are presented in a fair and balanced manner and have been selected on an 
objective, non-performance-based criteria. Specifically, in addition to presenting the largest five positions in the Master Fund’s 
portfolio and the largest contributors and detractors in the Master Fund’s portfolio, Heights Point selects one or more positions 
to discuss that (i) were initiated by the Fund during the prior two years, (ii) are top ten holdings (either long or short), and (iii) 
are representative of the Firm’s investment strategy and investment process. To the extent no investments meet the above 
criteria, the Firm selects an investment that it believes best represents its investment strategy and investment process. The 
investment example(s) set forth in this letter do not represent all of the investments selected by Heights Point with respect to 
the Master Fund. The investment example(s) are not intended to be, and should not be construed as, investment advice or a 
recommendation to purchase or sell any particular security. There are numerous other investments in the Fund and even if the 
investment example(s) discussed in this letter ultimately generate(s) positive returns, other investments may generate negative 
returns. It should not be assumed that investments made for the Master Fund will match the performance or character of the 
investments discussed in this letter. Investors may experience materially different results. 
 
The returns of several market indices are provided in this letter for comparison purposes only and the comparison does not 
mean that there necessarily will be a correlation between the returns of the Fund and these indices. The indices have not been 
selected to represent an appropriate benchmark against which to compare a Fund’s performance; but, rather, are disclosed to 
allow for comparison of the Fund’s performance to that of certain well-known and widely recognized indices. The returns of 
the Fund differ from these indices in that, among other reasons, the Fund is actively managed and may use leverage. Such 
indices are unmanaged and are not subject to fees and expenses, including transaction costs, typically associated with private 
investment funds. In addition, the Fund’s holdings may differ from the securities that comprise the indices and the differences 
may be material. Investments cannot be made directly in indices and such indices may re-invest dividends and income. 
 
The information included in this letter is based upon information reasonably available to Heights Point as of the date noted 
herein. Furthermore, the information included in this letter has been obtained from sources Heights Point believes to be reliable; 
however, these sources cannot be guaranteed as to their accuracy or completeness. No representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is given as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein and no liability is accepted 
for the accuracy or completeness of any such information. 
 
This letter may contain certain “forward-looking statements,” which may be identified by the use of such words as “believe,” 
“expect,” “anticipate,” “should,” “planned,” “estimated,” “potential,” “outlook,” “forecast,” “plan” and other similar terms. All 
such forward-looking statements are conditional and are subject to various factors, including, without limitation, general and 
local economic conditions, changing levels of competition within certain industries and markets, changes in interest rates and 
availability of leverage, changes in legislation or regulation, and other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory, and 
technological factors, any or all of which could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results.
