February 11, 2026
1
January Software Rout Slams Tech-Focused 
Manager, Detracting From Huge 2025 Gain
Software-stock-laden RPD Opportunity Fund plunged 14.7% in January 
as it grappled with the early year technology selloff.
The loss for the offering, managed by New Y ork-based RPD Fund Man-
agement, represents the vehicle’s second-worst monthly decline in its five-
year history. It follows a 39.6% jump in 2025, a gain that outshone the S&P 
500 Total Return Index’s 17.9% increase. The RPD Fund badly underper -
formed the S&P benchmark’s 1.4% return in January, though it achieved 
results that are a bit better than the software sector overall.
The vehicle is managed by co-founder and chief investment officer Ahmet 
Okumus, who employs a contrarian, concentrated, high-conviction long/
short equity strategy. The fund, which has $263 million
Emerging-markets macro portfo -
lio manager Jack Davies  has signed 
up with Millennium Management . 
Davies, who focuses on rates and 
foreign-exchange strategies, arrived 
in January from fellow brand-name 
multi-strategy shop Citadel, where 
he had worked from 2020 until the 
fourth quarter of 2024, most recently 
as a portfolio manager. The London-
based investment professional earlier 
was a PM within BlackRock’s flagship 
systematic global-macro hedge fund. 
Millennium, headquartered in New 
Y ork, has $86.3 billion under manage-
ment, along with 6,600-plus employees 
worldwide and more than 330 invest -
ment teams.
Index-rebalancing specialists Ben 
Lynch and Vincent Laurence,  who 
have worked together at well-known 
firms since 2016, have moved on to 
multi-strategy shop Verition Fund 
Management. The pair started in Veri-
FEBRUARY 11, 2026
THE  
GRAPEVINE
Big Year Puts Exclamation Point on Comeback 
as Apis Reaches Performance, Asset Heights
Apis Capital roared in 2025, and again in January.
The global small-cap hedge fund manager, which was nearly wiped out 
by redeeming investors following the 2008 global financial crisis, scored 
profits close to or above 50% in each of its three funds in 2025. Coupled 
with inflows, the performance propelled assets to twice the New Y ork firm’s 
credit-crisis peak of $650 million. Apis now runs $1.3 billion, up from $600 
million at the start of last year.
The firm followed up in January with the best monthly return – 12.8% – in 
its flagship fund since that offering launched in April 2004. That now-$1 bil-
lion flagship, also called Apis Capital, popped 55.1% last year as the 22-year-
old fund posted its best full-year performance. 
Rapidly Growing Quant Shop Aims to Raise 
$200M Ahead of Year-Long Inflow Pause
After tripling its assets over the past 17 months, quantitative-investment 
shop OT Research expects to raise up to $200 million more in the first or 
second quarters before pausing new subscriptions.
The New Y ork firm, which now manages some $500 million in a market-
neutral strategy, will use the break to digest the new allocations while pre -
paring for the next wave of capital by expanding its geographical investment 
footprint, hunting for new sources of alpha and ensuring its trade and strat-
egy execution keeps pace with asset growth. OT has told investors it expects 
to be closed to new capital for about a year once the new commitments are 
in hand.
The firm ran just $165 million in September  See GRAPEVINE on Back Page
2 QVR Vol Strategy Falters After Big Start
2 Fund Will React on Investors’ Emotions
2 Credit Fund Soars 53% Out of the Gate
4 $1.4B Melqart Notched Best Y ear in ’25
4 After Big Gain, Firm Says Last Call for LPs
5 Hazeltree Spots Signs of Overcrowding
3 HEDGE FUND PERFORMANCE
8 LATEST LAUNCHES  See RPD on Page 6
 See APIS on Page 6
 See OT RESEARCH on Page 7
February 11, 2026
2
QVR Vol Strategy Falters After Big Start
A short volatility bet that paid off handsomely in 
December severely reversed itself the next month, drag -
ging quantitative volatility specialist QVR Advisors’  
multi-strategy program into the red.
Together, separate accounts and the QVR Multi 
Strategy Fund handle $275 million. The strategy, which 
launched in April, climbed 7.6% in December and fin -
ished 2025 up 9.2%. The program plunged 9.7% in Janu -
ary. 
Based in San Francisco, QVR had $1.6 billion under 
management as of December in two strategy lines: Con -
vexity Alpha, overseen by co-chief investment officer 
Steve Richey,  and the multi-strategy product, a reboot 
of a previous strategy known as QVR Absolute Return. 
The prior strategy returned 10.3% on annualized basis 
for its seven years of existence.
The multi-strategy program is run by QVR’s other 
co-CIO, Benn Eifert.
The offering combines elements of QVR’s absolute-
return strategy with allocations to at least one external 
manager. The strategy takes a market-neutral, relative-
value approach and is supposed to profit in all market 
conditions by exploiting dislocations in derivatives 
markets.
Over the last couple of months, the firm positioned 
the multi-strategy program to short volatility by buying 
options that benefited from a relatively calm stock mar -
ket and by shorting volatility futures. The firm’s strategy 
also was positioned for a decline in the S&P 500 Total 
Return Index, presumably as a hedge.
QVR’s multi-strategy offering employs about a dozen 
sub-strategies that include dispersion trades, European 
dividend futures, VIX basis, VIX curve and index skew. 
One big detractor was the firm’s dispersion trade, 
which lost 2.5%. The trade is based on arbitraging the 
gap between the volatility of individual stocks and an 
index.   
Established in 2017, QVR is led by Eifert, the firm’s 
managing partner. Richey is a partner at the firm, as is 
Scott Maidel, a portfolio manager and head of the hedge 
funds business. Scott Toyama, who fills the roles of chief 
operating officer, chief financial officer and chief compli -
ance officer, is the firm’s additional partner. 
Fund Will React on Investors’ Emotions
An investment-behavior specialist who studies biases 
that can contribute to turmoil in financial markets is 
looking to raise $100 million for the founders share 
class of a debut fund he plans to launch by midyear.
Ben Fitchew helped form Heuristik Capital  in Lon -
don in April 2024, though third-party investor cor -
respondence referred to his upcoming launch as AFT 
Behavioural Research Capital.  And though the fund 
initially was thought to be a long-only product,  the lat -
est expectation was that the Europe-focused vehicle will 
be a long/short equity offering.
Using systematic strategies, behavior insights and 
directional artificial intelligence, the fund will look to 
profit from market inefficiencies caused by investor 
biases; for example, a stock that is either underpriced or 
overpriced because of the emotional reactions of inves -
tors.
Heuristik’s motto is: “Where there is bias, there is 
investment opportunity. ”
“We don’t think it is possible to predict the future 
with any meaningful degree of precision, ” the firm notes 
on its LinkedIn  page. “ As far as we can tell, no one is 
very good at it. On average, 65% of sell-side analysts 
have a yearly earnings forecast error of above 10%. Over 
the past 20 years, in the year before a recession, the IMF 
[International Monetary Fund ] has failed to predict a 
single one. ”
Heuristik noted that it prefers to play a different game 
– studying the mistakes of sellside analysts and focusing 
on business models and conditions that lead to bias by 
investors – and their potentially emotionally clouded 
decisions that could lead to market panics.
Previously, Fitchew was a fund manager at once-$13 
billion Ardevora Asset Management  for its 14-year run 
from 2010 to 2024.
Heuristik founders and fund managers William 
Ayres and Fifo Afaf Auf  and co-founder Emilia Beck-
Friis arrived at Heuristik with Fitchew after serving at 
Ardevora. 
Credit Fund Soars 53% Out of the Gate
The latest private credit fund from Medalist Partners  
is off to a blazing start.
Medalist Partners Asset-Based Private Credit Fund 
4, which held a first equity close with $148 million in 
October, gained 53% on the capital deployed in its first 
three months. The commitments at yearend included 
about $45 million for five investments and an undis -
closed amount for another investment.
“The first close of approximately $150 million reflects 
strong early support from both new and existing inves -
tors, ” the New Y ork firm wrote last week in an update to 
investors. “Since inception, the Fund has begun deploy -
ing capital thoughtfully while continuing to build a 
robust pipeline of opportunities. ”
The offering provides financing to a range of lenders, 
with the loans backed by both hard assets and financial 
assets, including leased aircraft, commercial real estate, 
cashflows from real estate and small-business loans, and 
residential home equity contracts.
“By targeting smaller and less  See MEDALIST on Page 3
February 11, 2026
3
crowded segments of the market, we aim to achieve out -
sized yield and total return coupled with more defensive 
lending programs than traditional private credit, ” the 
firm noted.
Medalist Partners manages $2.4 billion overall, 
including hedge funds, private credit funds and sepa -
rate accounts.
The top contributor to Fund 4’s hot start from Octo -
ber through yearend was its investment in Harvest 
Small Business Finance  and Harvest Commercial 
Capital,  which specialize in small-balance commercial 
real estate loans. Harvest delivered a record year in 2025 
with $1 billion-plus of loan originations.
Medalist deployed a $12 million debt and equity 
investment in the fourth quarter to Harvest.
“The 2026 origination pipeline for Harvest remains 
highly active as traditional lenders remain on the side -
lines, and therefore we anticipate increased financing 
opportunities in this area, ” Medalist stated.
The firm also deployed about $4 million to what it 
termed a longstanding, non-bank partner within home 
equity lending.
Commitments also include:
	y $5 million to FTAI Aviation,  which is look -
ing to increase by 100 its fleet of jets leased to 
commercial airlines.
	y $9 million to Nada, an originator of home 
equity contracts.
	y $15 million to a commercial real estate pro -
gram sponsored by Grant Street Funding.
The firm plans to hold a final equity close for Fund 4 
in the first quarter of 2027. Fund 4, with a $750 million 
target, locks up capital for three years, after which inves -
tors can opt to remain in the fund for at least another 
two to four years.
Current market factors favoring Fund 4’s growth, 
the firm wrote, include continued bank belt-tightening 
and stricter regulatory capital requirements, along with 
constrained balance sheets that have left financing gaps 
across a range of asset classes.
“ At the same time, borrowers are increasingly seek -
ing flexible, reliable capital partners who can move effi -
ciently and structure solutions around specific collateral 
pools, ” Medalist wrote. “These dynamics are creating a 
broad and attractive opportunity set for our strategy, 
and we believe Fund IV is well positioned to capitalize 
on this environment as deployment continues. ”
Greg Richter  is chief executive of Medalist, having 
arrived in 2018 from predecessor firm Candlewood 
Investment along with Medalist president Michael 
Ardisson  and director of private credit John Slonieski.
The late-2024 arrival of chief investment officer Jim 
Buccola,  formerly global head of fixed income at Can-
tor Fitzgerald  and head of securitized credit trading at 
Credit Suisse,  solidified Medalist’s leadership team.
Fund 3 in June 2023 held a final close with $600 mil -
lion of commitments, surpassing its original fundrais -
ing target of $400 million to $500 million, according to 
With Intelligence  data. 
Medalist... From Page 2
Hedge Fund Performance
Jan.
Return 
(%)
Benchmark Indexes
S&P 500 Total Return 1.45
Russell 2000 5.3
Nasdaq Composite 0.9
MSCI EAFE (Eur., Australia, Far East) 5.2
MSCI World 2.3
Bloomberg US Agg Gov/Credit TR Index 0.0
Barclay Hedge Fund Index 2.3
2,000+ funds (unweighted)
With Intelligence Hedge Fund Index 2.35
2,400+ funds (weighted)
CTA 4.2
Digital assets -3.0
Distressed debt 0.2
Event-driven 1.0
Fixed income/Credit 1.05
Fixed income arbitrage 1.1
Long/short equities 2.7
Macro 3.6
Multi-strategy 2.0
Relative value 1.8
HFN Hedge Fund Aggregate Index 2.3
4,900+ funds (unweighted)
HFRI Fund Weighted Composite 3.0
2,000+ funds (weighted)
HFRI Asset Weighted Composite 2.45
2,000+ funds (weighted)
HFR Cryptocurrency Index -9.9
S&P GSCI Commodity 9.8
February 11, 2026
4
$1.4B Melqart Notched Best Year in ’25
Event-driven specialist Melqart Asset Management , 
whose flagship fund attained a 10-year track record in the 
fourth quarter, just had its best year.
Melqart Opportunities Fund  gained 41.8% in 2025, 
nearly doubling its next-best annual increase, a jump of 
24.6% in 2017. London-based Melqart began this year with 
$1.4 billion of assets under management.
All seven of the fund’s full-year gains were in the double 
digits. The fund also had two full years with double-digit 
losses and one full year where the fund had a loss of less 
than 1%.
The Europe and U.S.-focused fund was up 11% on an 
annualized basis between inception in October 2015 and 
yearend 2025.
The With Intelligence Event Driven Hedge Fund Index 
gained 11.45% in 2025 and was up around 7% on an annual-
ized basis between October 2015 and yearend 2025.
Melqart Opportunities Fund invests across three main 
sub-strategies: merger arbitrage, special-situations equity 
and event-driven credit.
Melqart Asset Management’s top holdings at the end of 
the third quarter were energy company Allete, information 
security business CyberArk Software, computer software 
and services operation Synopsys and late-stage biopharma-
ceutical business Cytokinetics.
Michel Massoud, who previously focused on event-driven 
strategies during his 15 years at Morgan Stanley and Cheyne 
Capital, is Melqart’s chief executive and chief investment offi-
cer. He heads up a team of 11 investment professionals.
Since 2023, the firm also has operated a UCITS vehicle 
– the Melqart Event Driven UCITS Fund – on Investcorp-
Tages’ platform, offering exposure to Melqart’s strategy in a 
liquid format. 
After Big Gain, Firm Says Last Call for LPs
A double-digit gain in the fourth quarter propelled Sohra 
Peak Capital past 40% last year, as the small- and micro-cap 
global equity manager prepares to permanently close to new 
investment.
The five-year-old firm, whose Sohra Peak Capital Part-
ners fund boasts an enviable 22.1% annualized return from 
inception in July 2021 through December 2025, shot up 
18.2% in the fourth quarter. The strong finish pushed the 
offering to a gain of 44.8% on the year, marking its second-
best annual performance.
By comparison, the S&P 500 Total Return Index rose 
17.9% for the year, while the Russell 2000 Index climbed 
12.8%. Meanwhile, the MSCI World Small Cap Index, which 
tracks stocks in developed markets globally, gained 20.4%.
Founder Jonathan Cukierwar, an alumnus of value 
investment shop Phoenician Capital, launched the fund in 
July 2021 with his own money. Sohra Peak now manages 
more than $30 million of assets, and its fourth-quarter inves-
tor letter indicates it counts more than 60 limited partners.
The firm’s long-bias strategy invests in the small- and 
micro-cap equity markets, which can exhibit more volatil-
ity than their larger cap counterparts. The fund previously 
gained 24.5% in its first partial year before losing 17% in 
2022, rising 82% in 2023 and sliding 10.9% in 2024.
“While we are quite happy with the result, ” the firm wrote 
in the investor update, “we would like to be clear that years 
like 2025 are not something we expect to repeat with any 
regularity. Volatility is often an admission price for pursu-
ing exceptional long-term returns, and we expect there will 
inevitably be periods where our performance looks very dif-
ferent than it did this year. Ultimately, the only yardstick that 
matters to us is our long-term CAGR, and we are pleased 
with the rate of compounding that we have delivered to our 
partners since inception. ”
The fund’s outperformance was fueled by positions in 
Canadian haptic technology business D-BOX Technolo-
gies, which soared nearly seven-fold in 2025, including 
119% in the fourth quarter; and Dadelo, a Polish bicycle 
retailer that climbed 177% last year.
At yearend, Sohra Peak’s highly concentrated portfolio 
was invested in 12 companies with an average market capi-
talization of $455 million. The vast majority, 84.6%, were 
based outside of the U.S.
The firm revealed in its fourth-quarter investor letter that 
it holds capacity for $3 million of new subscriptions, after 
which it expects to permanently cut off new money. 
“For much of the past year, we have anticipated reaching 
a point when we would intend to stop accepting new capi-
tal into our partnership. It appears that point may be soon 
approaching, ” Cukierwar wrote. “ As expressed, we desire to 
always maintain a capital base small and nimble enough that 
allows us to invest in our highest conviction ideas with suffi-
cient concentration. Our goal remains focused on responsi-
bly maximizing investment returns rather than maximizing 
assets under management. The way we view it, this approach 
mitigates risk to the durability of our future returns on capi-
tal, just as we would expect our portfolio company CEOs to 
think about their businesses. ”
Cukierwar worked at Phoenician from 2018 to 2021. Ear-
lier, he spent time at Robotti & Co. and at Citigroup. 
“While we are quite happy with 
the result, we would like to be 
clear that years like 2025 are not 
something we expect to repeat 
with any regularity.”
Sohra Peak Capital
February 11, 2026
5
Hazeltree Spots Signs of Overcrowding
In a potential sign of risk concentration, hedge funds 
are piling into technology, industrial and financial 
stocks around the world, building overlapping positions 
on both the long and short sides of their books. 
Such is the assessment of Hazeltree,  a treasury-man -
agement and liquidity provider that measures position 
crowding among hedge funds on a monthly basis. The 
data suggests that fund managers may be converging 
around similar thematic views and hedges, portending 
possible concentration risk. 
 Hazeltree monitors how many hedge funds are bet -
ting a stock or sector will increase or decrease in price. 
The company gives each sector and individual stocks 
scores of one to 99. A higher score indicates a greater 
number of funds are long or short a particular stock or 
sector. Hazeltree generates the scores from positioning 
data of the company’s 600 hedge fund clients. 
Information technology, for instance, received scores 
of 92 on the short side and 99 on the long side; the 
industrial sector was scored 75 and 80, and financial 
sector, 69 and 87.
 By comparison, energy, which scored 25 on the 
short side and 24 on the long side, was among the least 
crowded of the 11 sectors Hazeltree tracks. Also, con -
sumer staples, which scored 20 and 18, and real estate, 
which scored 20 and 17, were the two least crowded sec -
tors.  
“ Analyzing it from a crowding perspective alone, it 
would appear that hedge funds are more bullish in the 
top three of the most crowded sectors and slightly bear -
ish in the energy, consumer staples, and real estate sec -
tors, ” Hazeltree said. 
 Hazeltree noted materials and consumer staples 
became the most active sectors on the long side in Janu -
ary, while healthcare and financials saw the most short 
activity. To determine most active sectors, Hazeltree 
calculated the percentage of stocks within each that 
recorded a month-over-month change of more than 
10% in the number of funds buying or selling shares.  
On the short side, Occidental Petroleum  was the 
most active stock trade among large-cap stocks in the 
U.S. The energy company also ranked the eighth most 
crowded short among large-caps in January. Natural-
gas producer Comstock Resources  and bitcoin miner 
T erawulf were the most active shorts among mid-cap 
U.S. stocks, while Allegiant Travel, Marriott Vacations 
Worldwide,  Ziff Davis,  Penn Entertainment and diag -
nostics company QuidelOrtho  were among the most 
active small-cap short names in the U.S.
Headquartered in New Y ork, Hazeltree facilitates 
more than $8 billion in transactions every day on behalf 
of 10,000 investment funds. 
Company
Hazeltree 
Crowdedness 
Score (1-99)*
% of Institu-
tional Supply 
Lent Out Sector
Charter 
Communications 99 38.8% Communications 
services
Palo Alto 
Networks 92 13.3% Information 
technology
Super Micro 
Computer 84 48.5% Information 
technology
Coinbase Global 83 14.8% Financials
Kimberly-Clark 82 13.8% Consumer 
staples
Live Nation 
Entertainment 81 24.40% Consumer 
discretionary
IBM 81 2.3% Information 
technology
Occidental 
Petroleum 76 9.0% Energy
International 
Paper 76 13.8% Materials
Rivian 
Automotive 74 38.6% Consumer 
discretionary
Company
Hazeltree 
Crowdedness 
Score (1-99)*
% of Institu-
tional Supply 
Lent Out Sector
Molina 
Healthcare 99 3.7% Healthcare
Hims & Hers 
Health 95 64.8% Healthcare
Norwegian 
Cruise Line 93 10.5% Consumer 
discretionary
Aurora 
Innovation 83 20.2% Industrials 
Post Holdings 79 17.0% Consumer 
staples
Brown-Forman 78 47.6% Consumer 
staples
Comstock 
Resources 78 46.2% Energy
Lantheus 
Holdings 78 12.0% Healthcare
Bill Holdings 78 11.5% Information 
technology
TeraWulf 77 78.2% Information 
technology
January’s Most-Shorted U.S. Stocks
As measured by treasury-management and liquidity-
intelligence provider Hazeltree
Large-Cap U.S. Companies
Mid-Cap U.S. Companies
*Hazeltree’s crowdedness score reflects the strength of market sentiment on 
short-selling. A higher score means a greater percentage of Hazeltree’s fund 
clients have taken short positions in the stock. 
February 11, 2026
6
RPD ... From Page 1
under management, has generated an 11.8% annualized 
gain since its inception on Feb. 1, 2021. The S&P bench -
mark has had a 15% annualized return during the same 
period. 
“January was characterized by a severe and largely 
indiscriminate selloff in software, despite broader equity 
indices finishing the month higher, ” according to a 
monthly letter the firm distributed on Feb. 6.
On the flip side, some hedge funds heavily shorted 
the software sector last month, according to CNBC. The 
news outlet reported on Feb. 4 that the hedge fund indus -
try generated $24 billion in profits from shorting soft -
ware stocks and that it continues to bet against the sector.
Cybersecurity shop Palo Alto Networks  was last 
month’s second-most crowded hedge fund short among 
large company stocks in the U.S., while artificial-intelli -
gence data-center company TeraWulf was the 10th-most 
crowded short among mid-cap stocks in the U.S., accord -
ing to Hazeltree, a treasury-management company and 
liquidity provider (see story on Page 5).
RPD wrote that its contrarian approach “accepts higher 
near-term volatility in exchange for the potential for out -
sized long-term returns. ” But the firm also acknowledged 
that the “speed and magnitude” of last month’s selloff was 
“unusually abrupt. ”
It’s likely that others in the industry were upended by 
the swift moves in technology shares. Prior to a rebound 
in stocks at midday Feb. 6, industry participants were 
scrambling for information to assess the technology sell -
off ’s impact on the overall hedge fund industry. One ser-
vice provider noted the sense of urgency among clients.
“I was getting calls from people asking me for perfor -
mance numbers four days into February, ” the staffer said. 
“I’m still busy trying to compile January’s numbers. ” 
While software represents the RPD fund’s largest area 
of exposure, the vehicle’s performance fared well against 
that sector’s overall performance. The iShares Expanded 
Tech-Software Sector ETF declined about 15% in Janu -
ary, while the typical enterprise software stock was down 
closer to 20%.
 RPD, unlike short sellers, does not view artificial 
intelligence as an existential threat to enterprise software 
companies. 
“We believe this interpretation is flawed, ” the firm 
said in its letter. “While certain models may face disrup -
tion, the businesses held in the portfolio are positioned 
to integrate AI into their products and workflows, and 
we expect market perception to adjust as these benefits 
become more evident. ”
RPD added that oversold stocks historically get a boost 
following positive earnings reports.
“We expect earnings to play a key role in separating 
fundamentals from sentiment, ” the firm wrote.
RPD pointed to a comparable selloff in October 2022, 
after which the fund produced positive returns over the 
following months. The fund dropped 17.7% that Octo -
ber, its worst monthly loss, but then gained 22.4% that 
November and 5.7% in December, completing 2022 with 
a 7.9% return, according to the firm’s monthly tearsheet.
“Despite the difficult start to the year, we believe the 
current environment represents the most attractive setup 
the portfolio has seen since inception, ” the firm wrote in 
its February letter.
Headquartered in New Y ork, RPD Fund Management 
had $470 million under management last month. The 
firm’s other co-founder is chief operating officer Shyam 
Srinivasan.
In addition to the opportunity vehicle, the firm runs 
RPD Fortress Fund, a low-volatility, cash-secured options 
strategy. The fund dropped 1.85% in January following 
gains of 10% last year, 8.6% in 2024 and 11% in 2023 from 
its inception that February. 
Apis ... From Page 1
Meanwhile, the firm’s $150 million micro-cap-
focused Apis Global Deep Value spiked 48.7% in 2025 
and gained an additional 11.2% last month. And its $130 
million long-only offering, Apis Global Discovery Fund, 
jumped 51.4% last year and profited 11.9% in January.
By comparison, the MSCI All Country World Index 
was up 22.9% last year and 3% in January, while the 
S&P 500 Index rose 17.9% last year and the With Intelli -
gence Long/Short Equity Asset Weighted Index climbed 
14.4%.
Now Apis is within reach of hitting the roughly $1.5 
billion capacity of its flagship fund and the $200 mil -
lion capacity of its deep value fund. The global discov -
ery fund, which mirrors the long sides of the other two 
funds, has significant space to grow, given its capacity 
of $1 billion.
Apis invests in what it calls a “a combination of macro 
themes with structural tailwinds and idiosyncratic bot -
tom-up ideas. ” 
Sector-wise, the firm’s bets  See APIS on Page 7
“I was getting calls from people 
asking me for performance num-
bers four days into February. I’m 
still busy trying to compile Janu-
ary’s numbers.”
Service provider
February 11, 2026
7
on companies focused on mining and electronic mem -
ory and storage continued to pay off last month. They 
were among the key areas that fueled the firm’s gains in 
2025. Other contributors included technology-focused 
defense companies, power infrastructure and electric 
grid-modernization businesses, and companies ben -
efiting from a European stimulus program targeting 
infrastructure and construction. Nuclear power and 
various trades related to the policies of President Don-
ald Trump  likewise juiced returns.
Now, as markets have seen a resurgence in small-cap 
stocks and as international equities broadly outpaced 
U.S. stocks last year, Apis believes it’s well positioned for 
continued strong performance.
“In a world of shifting geopolitics, technological 
disruption, and capital misallocation, Apis thrives by 
uncovering mispriced, misunderstood, and underfol -
lowed opportunities, ” the firm told investors last month.
Apis was founded by portfolio manager Daniel 
Barker and director of research Eric Almeraz  in 2004, 
the year they launched their flagship offering. The pair 
previously worked together at J&W Seligman,  where 
Barker was a PM and Almeraz was an analyst.
The debut fund performed very well in its first three 
full years, with returns of 22.9%, 17.8% and 41.8% in 
2005, 2006 and 2007, respectively. By July 2008, assets 
for the firm had reached $650 million. Two months 
later, equity markets worldwide began crashing. Apis’ 
flagship fund finished the year down 24.4%.
The loss was only somewhat worse than those suf -
fered by the typical hedge fund that year, and the vehicle 
fared much better than the 42.2% plunge in the MSCI 
index. While those circumstances might have offered 
some protection in most down years, the credit crisis 
coincided with the Bernard Madoff scandal.
Some of Apis’ investors included Swiss funds of 
funds, which had exposure to Madoff ’s Ponzi scheme 
and which were looking for liquidity wherever they 
could find it. Apis’ fund was liquid, and, unlike some 
hedge fund managers during that era, the firm declined 
to bar redemptions, making it a target among panicked 
limited partners. By 2011, Apis’ assets had plunged to 
$50 million.
Rather than wind down and rebrand or start over 
elsewhere, Apis’ partners stuck it out. Since then, the 
firm has had only one down year in its flagship fund – it 
lost 16.2% in 2018, a bad year for equities broadly – and 
it has continued to put up solid returns and attracted a 
new set of investors.
The flagship vehicle now sports a 12.5% annualized 
return, while the deep value offering, which launched 
in 2005, has an annualized return of 14.7%. The global 
discovery fund, which launched in 2020, has an annual -
ized return of 20.9%.
Including last year, the flagship has produced double-
digit returns in nine of its 20 full-year returns. 
OT Research... From Page 1
2024, when Hedge Fund Alert  highlighted significant 
changes at the operation.
Led by co-chief investment officers Rishi Narang  
and David Hensle,  OT Research invests in highly liquid 
stocks in the U.S. and Europe as well as in futures linked 
to equities, bonds, currencies and commodities.
In addition to a commingled vehicle, OT Research 
Fund, and separate accounts, the firm runs money via a 
subadvisory relationship with a Blackstone mutual fund, 
Blackstone Alternative Multi-Strategy Fund. The com -
mingled fund began trading in April 2025.
OT Research’s performance couldn’t be learned, but the 
firm’s pitch to investors appears to have resonated. The 
firm has told prospective limited partners that it has little 
correlation to other quantitative-investment funds. For 
instance, the firm’s best monthly performance is said to 
have been in October, when many quant funds lost money. 
Quantitative-investment funds have become a big 
attraction for allocators. According to a recent Gold-
man Sachs  allocator survey conducted for nine straight 
years, investors signaled that in 2026, they plan to seek 
out quant offerings more than any other strategy, mark -
ing a first in the survey’s history. The bank’s report, based 
on responses from 317 allocators, was published in late 
January by the prime-services division.
The report also noted that while quant strategies 
endured difficult periods in 2025, they’ve outperformed 
all other strategies across the past five years. 
OT Research, which employs 11 people including 
Narang and Hensle, is seeking to add a mid-level software 
developer. 
Founded as Oak Thistle  by Hensle in 2015, OT 
Research rebranded in August 2024 when Narang joined 
as a 50% partner. Prior to OT, 
Apis... From Page 6
“In a world of shifting geopoli -
tics, technological disruption, 
and capital misallocation, Apis 
thrives by uncovering mis -
priced, misunderstood, and 
underfollowed opportunities.”
Apis Capital investor update
 See OT RESEARCH on Page 8
February 11, 2026
8
Narang ran T2AM, a fund-of-funds operation in Los 
Angeles. Narang has known Hensle since at least 2018, 
when his former operation became Oak Thistle’s first out-
side investor. At OT Research, Narang continues to work 
in Los Angeles. 
Before forming Oak Thistle, Hensle oversaw a quan -
titative-credit strategy at Citadel. He left the big multi-
strategy firm in 2012. 
Correction
A Feb. 4 story, “ AI-Powered Firm Readies Fundraising 
Push, ” misidentified the employer of Sebastian Weiss.  
He is the chief technology officer of Acatis Investment,  
which owns Nnaisense, and not the CTO of Nnaisense. 
The story also misstated the proprietary assets that 
Nnaisense manages. The amount is unknown. 
  LATEST LAUNCHES
Fund Portfolio Managers Strategy Service Providers Launch Equity at  
Launch (MIL.)
Medalist Partners Asset-
Based Private Credit 
Fund 4
Domicile: U.S.
(See Page 2)
Greg Richter, Jim Buccola and 
John Slonieski
Medalist Partners,
New York
212-493-4477
info@medalistpartners.com
Private credit 
(asset-based)
4Q-25 $148
Not yet a client? Want to add a colleague to your subscription?
Please contact us:
Email: support@hedgefundalert.com  Tel: 646-891-2126 
www.hedgefundalert.com
Hedge Fund Alert (ISSN: 1530-7832), Copyright 2026, is published weekly by With Intelligence, 41 Madison Avenue, 20th floor, New Y ork 10010. It is illegal to port forward or reproduce the issue or the link, without 
first obtaining permission from Hedge Fund Alert. All issues are watermarked and we routinely monitor forwarding with tracking technology. Copying this publication is in violation of the U.S. Copyright Act (17 
USC 101 et seq.). Violators may be subject to criminal penalties as well as liability for substantial monetary damages, including statutory damages up to $150,000 per infringement, costs and attorney’s fees. 
Howard Kapiloff 
Managing Editor 
917-576-0709 
h.kapiloff@hedgefundalert.com
Mark Mueller 
Editor 
732-939-9801 
m.mueller@hedgefundalert.com
Mike Frassinelli 
Senior Reporter 
973-856-3263 
m.frassinelli@hedgefundalert.com
James Prado Roberts 
Deputy Managing Editor 
732-322-8780  
j.pradoroberts@hedgefundalert.com
Paul McMillan 
Editor-in-Chief, With Intelligence 
646-891-2118 
paul.mcmillan@withintelligence.com
Joel Dudden 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
j.dudden@hedgefundalert.com
Adam Wood 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
a.wood@hedgefundalert.com
Marco Calabrese 
Advertising Sales 
732-546-8346 
marco.calabrese@withintelligence.com
Samantha Marcus 
Senior Reporter 
609-819-2384 
s.marcus@hedgefundalert.com
Todd Palmer 
Senior Technical Designer 
+44-20-7832-6500 
todd.palmer@withintelligence.com
Hedge Fund Alert
OT Research... From Page 7
February 11, 2026
9
tion’s London office this month. Lynch and Laurence most 
recently were at Lighthouse Group’s North Rock Capital 
unit. Lynch was a portfolio manager at North Rock, which 
he had joined in November 2022. Laurence was an analyst 
there. The two have worked in the same capacities at Exo-
dusPoint Capital, Man GLG and Moore Capital. Verition, 
based in Greenwich, Conn., manages $14.4 billion.
Citadel has picked up a portfolio manager. Benjamin Mae-
refat in January joined the multi-strategy giant’s 25-year-old 
founding equities business, Citadel Global Equities. Mae -
refat arrived from Point72 Asset Management, where he 
worked for more than a decade, most recently as an asso -
ciate PM. Previously, he spent time at Corsair Capital and 
Credit Suisse. Citadel, headquartered in Miami, began Jan-
uary with $65 billion under management.
Two months after shuttering his small but well-performing 
equity hedge fund shop, DPH Capital, Daniel Piderit Her-
nandez jumped to Geosphere Capital in late January as a 
senior analyst covering the metals, mining and industrials 
sectors. In November, Hernandez unwound his Miami opera-
tion, which posted a 17.3% annualized gain since its inception 
in April 2022, because he preferred an investment role that 
did not include marketing. The firm managed about $10 mil-
lion when it liquidated. Before forming DPH, Hernandez was 
a senior equity analyst at Inca Investments. He also worked 
as a trader at J. Goldman & Co. and as an equity deriva -
tives trader at Goldman Sachs. Founded in 2007 by former 
SAC Capital portfolio manager Arvind Sanger and based in 
Miami Beach, Geosphere runs $237 million. The firm man-
ages a long/short equity fund that exploits dislocations caused 
by the transition to alternative energy. The firm’s Geosphere 
SET Fund, its primary vehicle, gained 34.8% in 2025, followed 
by a 16.6% return in January, putting annualized performance 
since inception in October 2021 at 28.7%.
Asset-backed finance specialist Farrukh Iqbal joined credit 
shop Sona Asset Management in New Y ork as a portfolio 
manager within the past month. Iqbal previously was a PM 
at Paul Singer’s Elliott Investment Management. He also 
has worked at Centerbridge Partners and Goldman Sachs. 
Sona, headquartered in London, was founded in 2016 by 
John Aylward. The firm has $16.6 billion under manage -
ment and specializes in credit investments across the spec-
trum, with a heavy emphasis on Europe.
Startup Haverstock Capital added a deputy chief operating 
officer this month. Niall Coates joined the European mid-
cap equities manager from the sellside. Coates most recently 
was at Scope Prime, a prime broker, following a role as a 
synthetic prime swap trader at BCS Global Markets and a 
stint at ING. He works in Haverstock’s London headquar-
ters, reporting to COO Adam Davies. The firm, led by 
chief investment officer Moni Sternbach, began trading last 
month with $300 million of separate-account allocations. A 
commingled fund is in the works.
An analyst who has worked at some of the world’s biggest 
multi-strategy operations has signed on with yet another. 
After nearly five years at Citadel’s Ashler Capital unit and 
stints at Millennium Management and Point72 Asset 
Management, Kush Javia  joined Balyasny Asset Man -
agement in January as a senior analyst in New Y ork. Javia 
focused on the industrial sector while at Ashler and at Cita-
del Global Equities before that. Stints as a research analyst at 
Millennium and Point72 were preceded by a year at Ever-
core. Chicago-based Balyasny manages $30 billion.
Mariner Investment has hired a senior analyst who last 
worked at Man GLG. James Sura started in the new role 
last month. Sura, who has a history of focusing on capital-
structure analysis, joined Man GLG in 2022 after previously 
working as a trader at Paloma Partners, where he started 
in 2016. He’s also worked for Pine River Capital. Mariner, 
based in Harrison, N.Y ., managed $8.8 billion on Jan. 1. The 
firm runs fixed-income multi-strategy, relative-value and 
securitized investment offerings.
GBM Asset Management , the fledgling Japan-focused 
firm, has made another hire. This month the Tokyo multi-
strategy operation brought on Sarunas Girdenas as head of 
data science. Girdenas previously was head of asset-man -
agement data science in London at M&G Investments, a 
firm he’ d joined in 2019 and where he focused on quantita-
tive research on synthetic equities. Girdenas earlier worked 
in a machine-learning development function at short-term 
lender Myjar. GBM is an affiliate of London broker-dealer 
GBM Securities, which is aiming to launch a multi-strategy 
fund with $200 million this year. 
THE  
GRAPEVINE
Grapevine ... From Page 1
