January 14, 2026
1
AllianceBernstein-Owned Asturias Shutters 
Amid Big Redemption, Volatile Performance
Asset-management giant  AllianceBernstein has shut down Asturias 
Capital, a New Y ork hedge fund firm it acquired in 2020, amid uneven per-
formance, the loss of Asturias’ biggest outside investor and the departure of 
a key portfolio manager.
The equity-focused Asturias, which managed $669 million in November 
across separate accounts and a commingled fund, had invested in the shares 
of technology, media, telecommunications and consumer companies since 
its formation a decade ago.
Industry sources indicated that AllianceBernstein shuttered Asturias after 
its largest investor, believed to be a pension system in Canada, redeemed its 
capital. The size of the redemption couldn’t be learned.
An investment professional with 
experience trading a variety of 
credit products at big banks and 
at Millennium Management  has 
moved to another major shop. Jas-
deep Singh  started this month in 
Capula Investment’s Dubai office as 
a senior portfolio manager. He most 
recently was a senior PM at Millen -
nium for just over three years, also 
in Dubai. His trading experience 
dates to Lehman Brothers  in 2005, 
with stops in between at Barclays,  
UBS and Goldman Sachs,  where he 
headed European credit macro trad -
ing from London before signing on 
with Millennium in 2021. London-
based Capula, with some $34 billion 
under management, was formed in 
2005 as a fixed-income shop but has 
broadened over the years to include 
JANUARY 14, 2025
THE  
GRAPEVINE
Key Analysts at Liquidated Rivulet Tee Up New 
Firm With Support From Former Employers
Two months after winding down Rivulet Capital and returning $1 billion 
to investors, several of the firm’s key investment professionals have regrouped 
to form a leaner operation backed by their former bosses.
Former Rivulet senior analysts Gordon Blank and Ludwig Kerck have 
slated April 1 for the launch of New Y ork firm Daedalian Partners, which 
will run a highly concentrated long-only investment fund that primarily 
focuses on mid-cap equities in North America and Western Europe. Mean -
while, Rivulet’s former managing partners, Barry Lebovits and Joshua 
Kuntz, as well as the firm’s former chairman, Oscar Schafer, are investing in 
the Daedalian fund.
Lebovits will serve as Daedalian’s president and will
HFA Survey Results, Part 2: AI to Continue Broad 
Advance; Industry Backs 401(k) Exposure
Artificial intelligence, already widely in use across the hedge fund industry, 
will become even more ubiquitous in 2026, albeit with the important caveat 
that humans, in most cases, will continue to make or backstop investment 
decisions.
And while some future-casters have projected that AI will doom analysts 
to obsolescence, it’s more likely the bots will make analysts better and more 
efficient at their jobs.
Those are two takeaways from Hedge Fund Alert’s 18th annual outlook sur-
vey, which was conducted last month and which yielded 153 responses from 
industry professionals ranging from top-flight investment staffers and operations 
specialists to prime-brokerage executives and recruiters. See GRAPEVINE on Back Page
2 Equity Fund Again Pops by 50%
2 ACA To Close Key U.K. Regulatory Host
4 Riptide Debuts, Seeks to Double PMs to 10
4 Data-Center Bet Pays for Tekne Flagship
5 Japan Fund Surges a Third Straight Y ear
5 Toscafund Vets’ Fund Soars in First Y ear 
5 Veteran Headhunter Debuts Own Firm
6 NOTABLE LIQUIDATIONS OF 2025
18 HEDGE FUND PERFORMANCE
19 LATEST LAUNCHES
 See ASTURIAS on Page 16
 See DAEDALIAN on Page 16
 See SURVEY on Page 17
January 14, 2026
2
Equity Fund Again Pops by 50%
An equity fund launched in 2012 by a D av i d Te pp er 
protege just had one of its best years, nearly tripling the 
S&P 500 Total Return Index.
Incline Global  – led by  chief executive Jeff Lignelli,  
who worked for Tepper as a senior partner at Appaloosa 
Management – returned 50.1% in 2025 for its flagship 
Incline Global Partners after an 11.5% leap in December.
The S&P rose 17.9% in 2025.
It was the fund’s third straight double-digit yearly 
increase and second gain of 50%-plus in three years. That 
lifted the nearly 14-year-old fund’s annualized gain back to 
double digits, at 10.4%, after a drawdown in 2021-22.
“We are especially pleased that our short book was 
meaningfully profitable in 2025 (+600bps P&L), ” the firm 
wrote in an update to investors this month.
Separately, Incline Global Market Neutral, a market-
neutral version of the flagship strategy that launched in 
November 2023, returned 25.4% in 2025, following a 
14.7% increase in 2024 and a 7.5% gain for the two months 
it was in existence in 2023. The market-neutral fund has a 
focus on consumer and business-services companies.
The strong performance of both funds helped build the 
New Y ork firm’s assets from $185 million at midyear 2025 
to $217 million at the start of this year.
Incline told investors that it took advantage of an early 
fourth-quarter market selloff by adding to existing posi -
tions at attractive prices, leading to the strong December 
monthly performance.
“We expect to be a primary beneficiary of the market 
broadening out, ” the firm added. “We believe this will 
likely occur throughout the next 6-12 months as interest 
rates eventually normalize with 50-100+ bps of rate cuts 
and a new Fed Chair nominee expected, and as capital 
markets/M&A activity pick up. ”
Benefiting from what it calls historically cheap valua -
tions, Incline expects the run of outperformance to con -
tinue over the next 12 to 18 months for its “spring-loaded” 
long portfolio.
Lignelli formed Incline with $80 million, including $60 
million in backing from former boss Tepper.
Before Appaloosa, Lignelli was chief executive of Ston-
ebrook Fund Management  and was an equity portfolio 
manager at Leon Cooperman’s Omega Advisors. 
ACA To Close Key U.K. Regulatory Host
ACA Group is closing Mirabella Financial Services,  
one of the most prominent U.K. regulatory hosting plat -
forms for hedge funds, a month after it emerged that ACA 
had shuttered a related business amid a years-long govern-
ment investigation.
Mirabella Financial Services is the best-known firm to 
offer financial regulatory hosting for third-party invest -
ment firms under the U.K. ’s Financial Conduct Authority 
regime. In that capacity, Mirabella Financial Services ser -
viced many multibillion-dollar hedge funds from the U.K., 
U.S. and elsewhere that wanted investment operations in 
the U.K. but didn’t want to wrest their own licenses from 
the FCA.
But in notices sent to clients and market players last 
week, ACA said that it was closing Mirabella Financial Ser-
vices amid a downturn for the business, as many firms are 
looking to obtain their own licenses directly from the FCA, 
rather than rely on firms like Mirabella. Instead, ACA said, 
it is pushing a service it rolled out last year, Mirabella Man-
aged Solutions, that provides outsourced compliance func-
tions to firms that obtain their own FCA licenses.
ACA ’s announcement that it was shutting down Mira-
bella Financial Services follows the closure of another reg-
ulatory hosting service at ACA, Mirabella Advisers, which 
had been embroiled in controversy since 2021 amid the 
blowup of a client, Greensill Capital, a multibillion-dollar 
firm engaged in reverse-factoring.
The FCA, in a terse notice issued Dec. 15, said it had 
closed its investigation into the “nature, conduct and scope” 
of Mirabella Advisers in connection with Mirabella’s over-
sight of a Greensill entity. “We did not identify breaches by 
Mirabella that require further action. The investigation is 
now closed, ” the FCA said. 
  See MIRABELLA on Page 3
January 14, 2026
3
It added, without elaboration, that the ACA unit had 
requested permission to cancel its own operating license 
and that it had stopped offering services in September.
In a statement to Hedge Fund Alert on Jan. 13, a spokes-
person for ACA said that the FCA had in fact found no 
wrongdoing on behalf of Mirabella Advisers and that the 
unit’s closing was unrelated to the Greensill investigation.
Additionally, the winddown of Mirabella Financial 
Services was independent from the closure of Mirabella 
Advisers, the spokesperson said, adding that in the past 
two years, the former lost just one client to a competitor. 
“ All other clients that have left Mirabella have been 
because either they have obtained their own FCA authori-
sation, or in an isolated case because the fund was wound 
down, ” the spokesperson said. ACA said that Mirabella 
Financial Services would close before yearend and that it 
would help clients obtain their own full license from the 
FCA.
ACA also cited the FCA ’s intention to cut the many 
months it takes firms to obtain an operating license from 
the FCA as a rationale for closing the business.
That explanation puzzled a number of industry play -
ers, including Mirabella Financial Services founder and 
former chief executive Joe Vittoria, who left the business 
in 2020, around the time that ACA dropped plans to sell 
the business.
“ Apparently, Mirabella now believes that the FCA ’s 
aspiration to reduce new application processing times 
will render regulatory hosting unnecessary, ” Vittoria said 
on Jan. 9 in a LinkedIn post about the business’ closure. 
“I think it has been generally acknowledged for some 
time that speed-to-market has not been a key factor for 
clients seeking hosting providers. ” Vittoria also invited 
firms that now need to obtain new licensing authority to 
reach out to his own new business, Vittoria & Partners.
Regulatory hosting has been used in the U.K. for about 
two decades. Mirabella was among the first to offer the 
service, alongside Sturgeon Ventures, which now mainly 
handles private-market clients. Firms that require such 
services include investment managers, distribution and 
advisory firms.
In general, Mirabella Advisers was a regulatory host 
for firms that ran separate accounts, while Mirabella 
Financial Services serves as a regulatory host for firms 
that manage funds. The hosting models have been criti -
cized over the years for having significant weaknesses. 
That includes by the FCA itself, which in 2019 knocked 
the model for funds.
Nonetheless, many startup hedge funds have used reg -
ulatory hosting platforms as a way to launch their busi -
nesses faster, as the U.K. requires a firm obtain a license 
before it can market a fund to investors.
Mirabella Financial Services currently counts over 70 
individuals working on behalf of third-party firms on 
its FCA registration page. And a Form ADV filed by the 
firm with the SEC in June indicated Mirabella Financial 
Services had been working with multiple U.S. hedge fund 
managers, including Aquatic Capital , Boothbay Fund 
Management, Centiva Capital , Diameter Capital , 
Greenland Capital , Qube Research & Technologies  and 
Walleye Capital.
In 2022, Genstar Capital  took a controlling stake in 
ACA Group and merged another portfolio company, 
Foreside Financial Group, into the business. 
Mirabella... From Page 2
“Apparently, Mirabella now 
believes that the FCA’s aspira-
tion to reduce new application 
processing times will render 
regulatory hosting unnecessary.”
Mirabella Financial Services founder and 
former chief executive Joe Vittoria
January 14, 2026
4
Riptide Debuts, Seeks to Double PMs to 10
Multi-portfolio manager Riptide Advisors  launched 
this month with $30 million and is aiming to reach $100 
million of investor capital by mid-year.
The firm is starting out by spreading its initial capital 
among five equity-focused portfolio managers, includ -
ing one based in Dubai – Carlos Becke  – who will also 
seek to raise additional investment capital for the firm 
and for his individual strategy from family offices and 
wealthy individuals in the Middle East, Europe and 
Africa. Riptide is aiming to have 10 portfolio managers 
trading by the end of this quarter.
The firm is based in Greenwich, Conn., and is an 
affiliate of Lodestone Global,  which is led by its founder 
and former Scopia Capital  portfolio manager William 
Tenenbaum and Lodestone’s chief investment officer, 
Tyler Errickson.  Riptide has a heavy, but not exclusive, 
focus on first-loss accounts, with PMs working inde -
pendently and trading on Riptide’s systems.
While the identities of the other four starting port -
folio managers are unknown, Becke previously worked 
as head of U.S. equity sales at the investment-banking 
group of Frankfurt-based Hauck Aufhauser Lampe,  a 
private bank that ABN Amro  bought last year. Becke 
had been with Hauck Aufhauser since 2018. At that 
operation, Becke shared equity investment ideas and 
held meetings with top stock-pickers.
At Riptide, Becke’s portfolio will take long/short posi -
tions in the EMEA region.
Riptide’s initial investors include family offices and 
registered investment advisors.
Lodestone, which is based in Morristown, N.J., is 
a corporate board advisory firm founded in 2013 by 
Tenenbaum before he worked at Scopia from 2015 to 
2022, and where Tenenbaum headed that hedge fund 
manager’s financial investments.
Errickson joined Lodestone a year ago and also runs 
a separate business that makes direct investments in 
areas such as private equity, real estate and debt. He pre -
viously was a portfolio manager at Sydney-based Ophir 
Asset Management  from 2018 to 2024. 
Data-Center Bet Pays for Tekne Flagship
A firm led by a Stanley Druckenmiller  protege 
gained 50.8% in its flagship hedge fund in 2025, in no 
small part a result of its support of a surging data-center 
operator ahead of China’s expected AI boom.
Beeneet Kothari’s Tekne Capital  runs a concen -
trated portfolio of technology stocks in emerging mar -
kets, including China. The $1.4 billion New Y ork firm 
at the end of the third quarter was the second-largest 
shareholder of GDS Holdings,  an operator of data cen -
ters in China. GDS’ stock price on the Nasdaq jumped 
to $34.90 at yearend, from $23.18 at the start of 2025, a 
50.6% increase.
The Nasdaq EM Asia Technology Index gained 29% 
in 2025.
GDS, which holds a minority equity investment in 
DayOne Data Centers,  announced this week that Day -
One was repurchasing ordinary shares from GDS for 
$385 million. GDS realized a 6.5x return from the par -
tial exit and told investors it plans to reallocate pro -
ceeds to additional attractive business opportunities in 
China.
Other major Tekne Capital holdings at the end of the 
third quarter were Chinese online recruiter Kanzhun 
and Brazilian financial-technology and software com -
pany StoneCo.
Kothari was hired by investing-industry legend 
Druckenmiller in 2005 as a technology analyst at 
Duquesne Capital,  where Kothari became a portfolio 
manager and partner. Kothari later went to Drucken -
miller-backed PointState Capital , serving as a manag -
ing director.
Kothari founded Tekne in 2012.
The flagship Tekne Long Only Master Fund gained 
22.6% in 2024 and was down 14.3% in 2023, according 
to a source. 

January 14, 2026
5
Japan Fund Surges a Third Straight Year
Asia Pacific region-focused fund manager Old Peak 
Group extended its run of outperformance in 2025 
amid a banner year for Japanese stocks.
The Hong Kong firm’s Penta Japan Value Fund surged 
75% through November following full-year gains of 
33.5% in 2024 and 54.2% in 2023, making it the only 
fund tracked by HSBC to show up on all three of the 
bank’s top 20 performers listings at yearend from 2023 
to 2025.
The fund, which launched in October 2020 and 
invests in Japanese companies positioned for growth, 
had an enviable annualized gain of 30.5% through 
November. It had $96 million under management as of 
October 2025, up from $56 million in January 2025.
Penta Japan Value Fund’s only losing year was 2022, 
when it decreased 7.8%. The vehicle gained 11.7% for 
full-year 2021 and 6.8% for the three months it was in 
existence in 2020.
Through the first 11 months of 2025, the With Intelli -
gence Asia Long/Short Equity Hedge Fund Index gained 
16.7%, preceded by gains of 9.2% in 2024 and 0.3% in 
2023. The annualized gain for the index from October 
2020 through November 2025 is 5.8%.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange’s Nikkei 225 market index 
reached record highs late last year, topping 50,000 as 
Japan benefited from an international AI and semi -
conductor boom. Domestic pro-business policies also 
were credited for the stock surge, as Prime Minister 
Sanae Takaichi  announced economic stimulus plans to 
strengthen manufacturing and invest in artificial intel -
ligence while the nation emerged from decades of defla -
tion.
Old Peak Group was founded in 2016. 
Toscafund Vets’ Fund Soars in First Year 
Startup Hunters Moon Capital’s  stock fund focused 
on financial-services companies came out of the gate 
flying last year.
The London operation’s Hunters Moon Crescent Fund 
finished the year strong, with a 3.6% bump in December 
that pushed the vehicle’s gains since its February launch 
above 54%. The fund’s returns outperformed the MSCI 
World Index’s 21.6% return and the MSCI World Banks 
Index’s gain of 52.9% for all 12 months of 2025. 
The Crescent fund invests around the globe, but its 
emphasis on European financial institutions was a sig -
nificant driver. Nine of its top ten contributors on the 
long side were financial institutions in the U.K. and 
Europe, including Vienna Insurance Group,  Societe 
Generale, Barclays,  and Bawa Group.  
“Looking ahead, our largest exposure remains to the 
UK and European banks, ” the firm told investors in its 
December report. “Of course, many of these stocks have 
performed strongly in 2025 but we believe it is too early 
to sell as we enter the compounding (growth) phase for 
many of these stocks. ”
European financial institutions have benefited from 
infrastructure and defense spending policies imple -
mented by governments across the continent. Addi -
tionally, banks in Europe have embraced artificial 
intelligence in their own companies, which should make 
them more efficient, while they also generate revenues 
from customers seeking capital for their own AI build -
outs. 
Hunters Moon had $558 million under management 
at yearend, including $165 million in its Crescent Fund 
and the rest in the Hunters Moon Eclipse Fund, a global 
equity capital markets fund that aims to benefit from 
discounted pricings of initial public offerings. That 
vehicle, which also launched in February, was up 13% 
in 2025. 
Hunters Moon was founded by Johnny de la Hey  and 
Hugh Rance,  both formerly of Toscafund Asset Man -
agement. David Russell , who serves as Hunters Moon’s 
chief executive, is also a founder. 
 De la Hey, who left Toscafund in early 2024, previ -
ously was a financials specialist at Julian Robertson’s 
Tiger Management. 
Rance, who also worked at Toscafund prior to Hunt -
ers Moon, had been head of hedge fund sales trading at 
Morgan Stanley  and a sales trader at Goldman Sachs  
before that. 
Prior to Hunters Moon, Russell had retired from a 
nearly 33-year career at Morgan Stanley. 
Veteran Headhunter Debuts Own Firm
Longtime hedge fund recruiter Alison Seanor  has hit 
the ground running since she launched her executive 
search firm late last year.
Seanor set up Seanor Search Partners  in November 
and has landed a handful of retained clients and is plan -
ning, within the year, to hire one or two professional 
staffers for her new shop.
The Summit, N.J., firm is intended to provide white-
glove service to both multi-strategy hedge funds and 
long/short equity managers, with a partial focus on 
hiring equity investment specialists for those firms, 
including portfolio managers, senior analysts and ana -
lysts.
Seanor most recently was a partner at David McCor -
mack’s DMC Partners,  which she joined in 2020. She 
previously was a managing director with Westwood 
Partners, Robin Judson Partners  and also Glocap 
Search,  where she started in 2004.
Seanor began her career at Merrill Lynch,  where she 
worked from 1998 to 2002 and was an equities trader. 
January 14, 2026
6
NOTABLE LIQUIDATIONS OF 2025, BY QUARTER
Management 
Company Inception Strategy The Skinny
Q4-2025
ApaH Capital 
Hong Kong
2020 Equity: long/short ApaH Capital, which launched with $150 million in seed capital from Blackstone 
five years ago, had parted ways with the majority of its team as of October as 
it worked to unwind by yearend, according to With Intelligence. The manager 
invested across public and private markets in Asia, with an emphasis on Australia, 
China, India and Japan. Its flagship fund lost 2% last year through early October, 
following a 9% rise in 2024. Reuters reported in February 2021 that the firm 
was expected to launch with about $200 million, including $150 million from 
Blackstone’s Strategic Alliance Fund 3. Former Lone Star Funds senior managing 
director Anand Balakrishna Madduri, also an alumnus of Och-Ziff Capital and 
Morgan Stanley Investment Management, formed ApaH in 2020. The manager 
withdrew its exempt reporting adviser status with the SEC on Dec. 22.
Appian Way Asset 
Management 
New York
2019 Equity: market-
neutral
Founder and chief investment officer Andrew Byington is heading to Rokos 
Capital after shuttering his equity shop, Appian Way Asset Management. The 
firm terminated its registration Dec. 9 and Byington is expected to sign on 
at Rokos this quarter to manage a long/short equity strategy, according to 
With Intelligence. Byington launched Appian Way in 2019 with more than 
$200 million. He had previously spent more than seven years at Luminus 
Management, where he was a portfolio manager, two years as an analyst at 
Millennium Management and five years at Steve Cohen’s SAC Capital. The firm 
reported nine employees, including seven investment professionals, and $795 
million of gross assets in a March Form ADV filing.
Hedge fund firms that shut down or began unwinding
 See LIQUIDATIONS on Page 7
Eisler Capital fully unwound around yearend, but not 
before it slid 7.35% in December and closed out its final 
year of trading with a 14.3% loss, largely stemming from 
pass-through expenses, according to Bloomberg.
The firm’s closing was arguably the most notable of 
2025, not only for its size and pedigree, but also for the 
attention it drew to the rising war for talent and the chal -
lenges single-strategy managers and smaller multi-strategy 
operations have in facing off against multi-strategy giants 
gobbling up talent and inflows.
News coverage of the London firm’s undoing used phrases 
such as “a cautionary tale” and “living on borrowed time. ” In 
May, months before it announced plans to hand back capital, 
Eisler sought to trim its payroll and pass-through expenses, 
reducing its workforce by 15%. September’s announcement 
that it would close its doors cited those mounting payroll 
costs, as well as disappointing performance and a shrinking 
asset base, for the decision. The firm had about 250 employ-
ees and $3.2 billion under management at the time.
“ After careful consideration of these factors and others, 
including the application of projected 2026 costs on an 
anticipated smaller capital base, we are no longer confident 
of our ability to achieve the fund’s investment objective, ” 
Eisler wrote to investors. “The most responsible course of 
action now is to return capital to our investors. ”
Candlestick Capital’s Jack Woodruff, who was winding 
down his firm in the fourth quarter, has likewise remarked 
on the soaring costs of recruiting and retaining top talent, 
Bloomberg has reported.
Woodruff told investors he was pulling the plug because 
“Our returns, while good, have not met my own extremely 
high standards. ” The $2.1 billion long/short equity man -
ager had slipped 7% last year through October. It had pre-
viously put up three double-digit gains – 28.1% in 2024, 
14.9% in 2021 and 36.5% in 2020, as well as an 8.1% bump 
in 2023 and a 15% loss in 2022. 
“I was upfront with our investors from the beginning 
that if we were not generating 
2025 Winddowns Included Well-Known Firms as Founders Snared New Homes
 See LIQUIDATIONS on Page 7
January 14, 2026
7
Management 
Company Inception Strategy The Skinny
Asturias Capital 
New York
2015 Equity: long/short Technology- and consumer-stock-focused Asturias Capital, a division of 
AllianceBernstein, was winding down last month following a major redemption and 
the exit of one of its key portfolio managers. Francis Cueto initially ran money for 
Blackstone’s erstwhile multi-strategy hedge fund Senfina Advisors before launching 
independently. The firm was acquired by AllianceBernstein in 2020. Asturias was 
running $669 million in November. Sources say a redemption from the operation’s 
largest investor prompted the decision to unwind, though the August exit of portfolio 
manager Wang Liao might also have been a factor. Liao joined Citadel unit Ashler 
Capital as a PM in December after a decade at Asturias. While the vast majority 
of Asturias’ assets were managed via separate accounts, it also ran a $98 million 
Asturias Fund, which was up 3.4% last year through November, 15.7% in 2024 and 
21.1% in 2023, after losing 15.2% in 2022 and 4.3% in 2021. Prior to Asturias, 
Cueto spent eight years at Bain Capital’s Brookside Capital unit.
Bain Capital Partnership 
Strategies 
Boston
2018 Seeding One of a dozen or so business units at Bain Capital, Bain Capital Partnership 
Strategies was winding down in October. Partnership Strategies provided seed, 
anchor and acceleration capital to niche managers. It also made direct investments. 
The division, which employed 22 people in August and 15 by October, was expected 
to maintain some staff to assist in the winddown. While Partnership Strategies has 
been around since 2005, it began accepting outside capital in 2018. Partnership 
Strategies was managing $2.6 billion of gross assets at the end of 2024, with about 
half, $1.4 billion, in the flagship Bain Capital Partnership Strategies Fund. Group 
co-head Colin Campbell joined Bain in 2000, while Alexander Hocherman came 
on board for a second stint at Bain in 2010. Bain Capital had $215 billion under 
management on Sept. 30.
NOTABLE LIQUIDATIONS OF 2025, BY QUARTER
 See LIQUIDATIONS on Page 8
industry-leading returns, we would return your capital, ” 
Woodruff wrote in an investor letter. “That time has come. ”
Last calendar year also saw the unwinding of equity-
fund manager Kodai Capital, 31-year-old Fir Tree Part-
ners, Bain Capital’s Bain Capital Partnership Strategies 
unit, New Silk Road Investment and healthcare-focused 
manager Camber Capital,  along with dozens of others. 
Also in 2025,  Michael Burry’s Scion Asset Management 
began handing back outside capital and deregistered with 
the SEC.
Many founders, chief investment officers and portfolio 
managers have found new homes across the hedge fund 
industry. Appian Way Asset Management’s Andrew 
Byington is joining Rokos this quarter; George Kim  
unwound Saola Capital and joined Point72 Asset Man -
agement in October; 1020 Capital chief investment officer 
Benoit Pedrono moved to Balyasny Asset Management; 
and Jia Y e shuttered Alpha Technologies Capital and 
signed up with Engineers Gate , as did Cutter Capital 
founder Vincent Aita.
Also, Edward Lynch moved on to Pharo Management 
after unwinding OX7 Capital; Titanite Investment’s Eric 
Varma signed on at Birchview Capital ; Kodai Capital 
co-founder Joon Park took a position at Balyasny Asset 
Management; Victor Ho,  the founder of Y arra Square 
Partners, jumped to SPX Capital; Hollis Park Partners’ 
CIO Troy Dixon landed at Tradeweb; and Jay Sheth joined 
Versaca Investments after bringing down the curtain on 
Solaria Management.
In the first half of 2025, 138 hedge fund vehicles – about 
half the number of funds launched in that period – were 
liquidated, according to HFR’s most recent data. Some 406 
funds were liquidated in 2024, including 244 in the first 
two quarters. 
Liquidations... From Page 6
January 14, 2026
8
Management 
Company Inception Strategy The Skinny
Candlestick Capital 
Greenwich, Conn.
2019 Equity: long/short Founder Jack Woodruff told investors in the fourth quarter that he was closing the 
$2.1 billion operation, which had lost 7% through October, according to Bloomberg. 
“Our returns, while good, have not met my own extremely high standards,” Woodruff 
reportedly wrote in an investor letter. The partial-year loss in 2025 followed gains 
of 28.1% in 2024, 8.1% in 2023, 14.9% in 2021 and 36.5% in 2020. The fund lost 
15% in 2022. “I was upfront with our investors from the beginning that if we were 
not generating industry-leading returns, we would return your capital,” Woodruff 
wrote in the investor update. “That time has come.” Candlestick terminated its 
registration Dec. 22. Candlestick’s long/short equity strategy invested across 
the consumer, internet and industrial sectors. Woodruff was a portfolio manager 
at Citadel’s Surveyor Capital before launching Candlestick with about $2 billion 
in commitments, including capital from Citadel, according to Bloomberg, which 
reported in December that Citadel was not currently in the fund.
Conductor Capital 
London
2022 Energy 
commodities
The shutdown of Bain Capital Partnership Strategies took down with it this energy-
focused investor. Conductor Capital had been seeded by the Bain unit in late 2022 
and began liquidating in August. The manager’s performance was described by 
one source as middling. Three former staffers, including former Conductor senior 
power trader Maxime Lelong, former Conductor European gas trader Ross Jarvis and 
operations associate George Thomas, joined Verition Fund Management in recent 
months, while senior oil trader William Fisher arrived at Ezpada in October. Conductor 
was led by chief investment officer Marcello Romano, a former trading chief at EDF 
Trading.
Dorset Fund Management 
Greenwich, Conn.
2004 Commodities Dorset Fund Management was winding down in early October for unknown reasons, 
according to With Intelligence. The firm says on its website that its multi-strategy 
portfolio, which allocated to fundamental traders via managed futures trading 
accounts, offered investors “exposure to a diversified portfolio of uncorrelated 
trading strategies within uncorrelated underlying commodity markets.” Dorset 
launched its Dorset Natural Resources & Commodity Investment Fund in 2020, 
consolidating separate accounts it had been operating since 2009. The firm was led 
by chief investment officer Julian Rundle and Michael Dubin, who served as chief 
financial, risk and compliance officer.
D.P .H. Capital 
Miami
2022 Equity: long/short The concentrated, value-oriented investor unwound as its founder, Daniel Piderit 
Hernandez, explores joining a larger operation, With Intelligence reported in 
November. The manager had been running a single fund, as well as a separate 
account, and produced a 17.3% annualized gain from inception in April 2022 through 
its liquidation in October, according to With Intelligence. The firm said it sought to 
“exploit certain recurring market inefficiencies through a fundamental and contrarian 
approach to investing globally in mispriced securities.” Piderit Hernandez formed 
D.P .H. after spending seven years at INCA Investments, where he was a senior equity 
analyst. That followed stops as a trader at J. Goldman & Co. and Goldman Sachs.
Oxylus Capital 
London
2020 Equity: long/short Frederic Saland’s five-year-old firm was handing back capital in October, With 
Intelligence reported. The London firm withdrew its registration as an exempt 
reporting adviser in late November. Saland was previously focused on global, 
fundamental long/short equity investments at Dynamo Capital for more than four 
years after spending 16 months at Soros Fund Management. Earlier, he was a 
senior associate at First Reserve and a senior analyst at Merrill Lynch.
Prime Lens Capital 
Hong Kong
2018 Equity: long/short Prime Lens Capital was pulling the plug on its low-net long/short equity strategy, 
which centered on the Greater China and U.S. markets, in the fourth quarter, 
according to With Intelligence. The firm announced in September 2018 that it would 
launch its Prime Lens 35mm Fund on the OP Investment Management platform. 
Founder Xi Luo was earlier a portfolio manager at Parantoux Capital and an equity 
research analyst at China Renaissance.
NOTABLE LIQUIDATIONS OF 2025, BY QUARTER
 See LIQUIDATIONS on Page 9
January 14, 2026
9
Management 
Company Inception Strategy The Skinny
Rivulet Capital 
New York
2011 Equity: long/short The equity-fund manager, led by managing partners Barry Lebovits and Joshua 
Kuntz, informed investors in November that it was closing its doors, reported With 
Intelligence, citing the firm’s performance. “There have been previous periods where 
we felt out-of-step with the market, but this time feels different. As fund managers, 
it feels as if we have struggled to make the transition from managing investments 
to managing a team of investors,” the firm wrote. Rivulet was managing $1.4 billion 
in April. With Intelligence reported in December the firm had parted with its staff but 
would maintain a special-purpose vehicle. Its Rivulet Capital Master Fund focused on 
mid-cap stocks in North America and Western Europe, and in June it began trading 
a long-only offering, Rivulet Capital Long Only Fund, with $27 million. The master 
fund lost 2.7% in 2024 after a gain of 15.1% in 2023 and a 9.1% drop in 2022. 
Rivulet terminated its SEC registration on Dec. 22. Lebovits, Kuntz and former Rivulet 
chairman Oscar Schafer are investing in a new launch, Daedalian Partners, from a 
pair of former Rivulet analysts, Gordon Blank and Ludwig Kerck.
Saola Capital 
New York
2016 Equity: long/short Kylin Management alumnus George Kim has shuttered his Saola Capital 
Management, joining Point72 Asset Management in October. Saola ran a pan-Asia-
focused long/short equity strategy driven by bottom-up, fundamental research. 
Investments focused in particular on Greater China, Japan and Korea. Kim worked at 
Kylin from 2010 to 2015, ending his time there as a managing director.
Scion Asset Management 
Saratoga, Calif.
2013 Equities, debt, 
derivatives 
Famed investor Michael Burry was returning outside capital in the fourth quarter, 
deregistering as a registered investment advisor in mid-November. Burry said his 
hedge fund ran money for friends and family, and he did not market the vehicle or 
aim to manage money for unfamiliar investors, Bloomberg reported. Burry clarified 
that Scion remains open, active and managing his own capital. “I am glad to be free 
of the compliance burden and broad misunderstandings generated by my filings,” 
Burry told Bloomberg. “Scion Asset Management is not closing as it is my vehicle 
for running other investment ventures, too. It is no longer an RIA, and no longer 
runs a fund for outside investors.” On its website, Scion indicates that Burry’s new 
substack, Cassandra Unchained, is now his “sole focus,” offering subscribers “a 
front row seat to his analytical efforts and projections for stocks, markets, and 
bubbles, often with an eye to history and its remarkably timeless patterns.” Burry 
previously ran Scion Capital, shuttering that hedge fund in 2008.
Whitehaven Asset 
Management 
Greenwich, Conn.
2014 Municipal debt Managing partner and chief investment officer Scott Richman is handing back 
outside capital, with plans to convert Whitehaven Asset Management into a family 
office, Bloomberg reported in December. The firm, focused primarily on municipal 
securities, managed $1.3 billion in its Whitehaven Credit Opportunities Master 
Fund, which didn’t suffer a single down year since its launch in 2014, the report 
said. Richman oversaw a staff of 19, according to a March Form ADV filing. Prior to 
forming Whitehaven, Richman was head of municipal investments at Gracie Asset 
Management and spent time at Lehman Brothers.
Q3-2025
1020 Capital  
Hong Kong 
2020 Multi-strategy  The firm shut down in July, according to Hedge Fund Alert parent With Intelligence, which 
said 1020 Capital was slow to grow assets. The manager had recently seen the exits of its 
chief executive, James Dore, portfolio manager Nicolas Kuo-Tsing-Jen and senior traders 
Tommy Shum and Wing Ng. Co-founder and chief investment officer Benoit Pedrono, 
a former trader at Segantii Capital, has signed on as a Delta One portfolio manager at 
Balyasny Asset Management. Shum also arrived at Balyasny in July. Sebastien Cerbourg, 
another co-founder, departed in 2022 for UBS, where he is head of global markets financing 
risk for the Asia Pacific region. 
NOTABLE LIQUIDATIONS OF 2025, BY QUARTER
 See LIQUIDATIONS on Page 10
January 14, 2026
10
NOTABLE LIQUIDATIONS OF 2025, BY QUARTER
Management 
Company Inception Strategy The Skinny
Alpha Technologies 
Capital  
Pasadena, Calif. 
2022 Quantitative 
equities  
Former First Quadrant co-chief investment officer Jia Ye closed her three-year-old firm 
and jumped to Engineers Gate as a quantitative portfolio manager, according to With 
Intelligence. Alpha Technologies terminated its registration with the SEC effective Sept. 3. 
Ye worked at First Quadrant for 26 years before exiting in December 2021. She previously 
described Alpha Tech as an “equity manager with a macro perspective.” The firm 
indicated in a Form ADV filing in March that it had three professional staffers.  
Cutter Capital  
New York 
2022 Equity: market-
neutral  
Cutter Capital, which invested in the healthcare sector in the U.S. and Europe, 
unwound in the second quarter, With Intelligence reported in July. The firm was led 
by Vincent Aita, a former portfolio manager at Citadel’s Surveyor Capital unit who 
began trading at Cutter in 2023 with $275 million. Prior to Citadel, Aita was a senior 
analyst at Millennium Management and at HealthCor Management. Cutter canceled 
its SEC registration on July 16. The firm reported it was managing $493 million of 
gross assets, with an eight-person team, including five investment professionals, 
in its March 25 Form ADV filing with the SEC. The firm has described its strategy 
as market- and factor-neutral. Aita joined Engineers Gate as a portfolio manager in 
September. 
Eisler Capital  
London 
2015 Multi-strategy  Confronted by lackluster returns, recruiting and retention challenges and dwindling 
assets, Eisler Capital told investors Sept. 29 it was closing its doors. The firm, 
which in recent years underwent a transformation from a global-macro operation 
to a multi-strategy manager, had seen its assets slide from $4 billion last year to 
$3.2 billion. Its multi-strategy fund fell 14.3% in 2025, following gains of 3% in 
2024, 9.2% in 2023, 14.3% in 2022 and 2.8% in a partial year of trading in 2021, 
according to Bloomberg, which noted that most of the recent losses were tied to 
pass-through expenses. “After careful consideration of these factors and others, 
including the application of projected 2026 costs on an anticipated smaller capital 
base, we are no longer confident of our ability to achieve the fund’s investment 
objective,” the firm wrote in a letter to clients in September. “The most responsible 
course of action now is to return capital to our investors.” The firm’s closure follows 
cutbacks earlier in the year. Bloomberg reported in May the firm had cut about 15% 
of its team, or 45 staffers, including a handful of investment professionals. The firm 
previously indicated on its website that it had more than 250 employees across nine 
offices in the U.S., U.K., Europe and Middle East. Founder Edward Eisler is a former 
co-head of the global markets division at Goldman Sachs, where he worked for two 
decades. 
FPR Partners  
San Francisco 
Equity shop FPR Partners was shutting down early in the third quarter for 
unknown reasons, according to With Intelligence. The firm, which terminated its 
SEC registration on Sept. 26, invested over a three- to five-year time horizon and 
indicated a desire to engage “constructively” with management teams, it said in 
its most recent brochure. Its strategy focused on publicly traded companies in 
the U.S. – though it also invested outside the U.S. – including those with market 
capitalizations between $2 billion and $10 billion. FPR was managing about $1 
billion of gross assets as of Jan. 31. Founders Bob Peck and Andrew Raab began 
managing the public equity strategy for the Fremont Group in 2003. In 2007, FPR 
was established to open the strategy to wider investment. 
 See LIQUIDATIONS on Page 11
January 14, 2026
11
NOTABLE LIQUIDATIONS OF 2025, BY QUARTER
Management 
Company Inception Strategy The Skinny
New Silk Road Investment  
Singapore 
2009 Equities The 16-year-old firm, which Bloomberg described as one of Singapore’s oldest, was 
closing its doors in July. New Silk Road Investment’s assets sank from $2 billion in 
2021 to $615 million at the end of 2024, according to Bloomberg. “Our traditional 
source of funding from the US institutions had over the last several years been less 
enthusiastic about liquid equity investments in Asia, in no small part due to geopolitical 
reasons,” co-founder Yik Luen Hoong told Bloomberg. “We are just one of many active 
value funds in Asia that have not been the favor of the time.” The firm posted losses in 
its Asia Landmark and China funds in recent years. The closure follows moves earlier in 
the year to trim staff in Shanghai and liquidate a South East Asia fund, according to the 
report. Hoong, previously head of Hong Kong/China equities at Deutsche Bank, formed 
New Silk Road with Raymond Goh, who spent 18 years at GIC, where he was head of 
Asian equities. “We had just decided to hang up our boots to return the capital to our 
investors so that they can pursue a more appropriate strategy of the time,” Hoong told 
Bloomberg. “It’s as simple as two veterans choosing a different path in life.” 
OX7 Capital  
London 
2021 Macro  Founder Edward Lynch was moving to Pharo Management as a portfolio manager, 
shutting down his own discretionary-macro shop, With Intelligence reported in August. 
Lynch established OX7 in 2021. Earlier, he was a portfolio manager at Finisterre Capital 
and also worked at Morgan Stanley and Deutsche Bank. 
PV Capital  
Hong Kong 
2013 Equity: long/short  The equity manager, known at launch as Magnolia Capital, has shut down, according 
to With Intelligence. Nick Zhang, previously of Soros Fund Management, launched 
the firm in 2013 with more than $200 million and was running roughly $1 billion 
in 2024. Zhang departed the firm in 2021 but rejoined in 2024. With Intelligence 
reported that PV’s responsible officer and its operations head deregistered in the 
second quarter. 
Sage Arin Asset 
Management  
New York 
2023 Systematic 
volatility  
Led by Peter Lee, startup Sage Arin Asset Management began trading a $30 million 
separate account for multi-strategy manager The Quarry in March 2024. By August 
2025, Lee had shut down his firm, which employed systematic equity volatility 
strategies, and joined Verition Fund Management as a senior quantitative researcher. 
Sage Arin withdrew its status as an exempt reporting advisor with the SEC in April. 
Prior to forming Sage Arin, Lee was a senior analyst focused on equity derivatives 
at Millennium Management. Earlier, he worked in portfolio management roles at 
Penso Advisors, Millennium and Citadel. Lee also co-founded volatility analytics firm 
AlphaVols.  
Saguaro Capital  
Chandler, Ariz. 
2021 Equity: long-bias  Despite efforts to remain open and transform into a consulting operation after handing 
back capital, co-founder James Falbe announced in August that Saguaro Capital 
would shut down. “The pivot unfortunately didn’t land,” Falbe said in a LinkedIn post. 
“Still, the dream that was Saguaro was worth pursuing, and I’m proud we had the 
courage to try.” Falbe indicated a couple Saguaro employees would remain on staff 
through 2025 to assist in winding down. Saguaro managed three vehicles, including 
a large-cap equity fund, a small- and mid-cap fund and an offering investing across 
market-capitalizations. The Saguaro SMID Partners Fund dropped 22.1% from January 
through April, at which point it had generated a 0.6% annualized return since inception 
in August 2022. The firm’s Saguaro All Cap Partners fund slid 12% in the first four 
months of last year, returning 4.2% annualized since inception. The firm reported less 
than $20 million under management in a March Form ADV filing. Falbe and fellow 
Vulcan Value Partners alumnus John Collier founded Saguaro in 2021. Collier exited the 
firm in 2023. 
Titanite Investment  
Greenwich, Conn. 
2021 Equity: long/short  Shortly after shutting down his biotechnology hedge fund shop, Eric Varma signed 
on at Birchview Capital, Matthew Strobeck’s Burlington, Vt., operation. Titanite 
Investment was returning capital in July after putting up negative returns in its 
Titanite Capita vehicle in 2022, 2023 and 2024, according to With Intelligence. 
Titanite invested in small- and mid-cap stocks, while targeting “breakthrough” 
biotechnology and medical technology innovations. Varma, a medical doctor, spent 
11 years at Oracle Partners before forming Titanite. In August, he joined Birchview as 
its chief investment officer. 
 See LIQUIDATIONS on Page 12
January 14, 2026
12
NOTABLE LIQUIDATIONS OF 2025, BY QUARTER
Management 
Company Inception Strategy The Skinny
van Biema Value Partners  
New York 
2004 Fund of funds  The New York firm was managing more than $600 million at yearend 2024 across 
commingled funds and separate accounts. Van Biema Value Partners informed 
investors in late September that it would shut down at the end of that month, With 
Intelligence reported. Michael van Biema taught at Columbia Business School for 
more than a decade before launching van Biema Value Partners. The firm offered 
custom portfolios, advising services, single-strategy direct funds, value-oriented 
commingled funds and what it calls single-name opportunities that could be 
accessed via separate accounts and special-purpose vehicles.
Q2-2025
Baymount Management 
Miami
2019 Global macro Andrew Casino was returning capital at the discretionary global-macro firm in 
April, according to With Intelligence. In March, the firm reported roughly $334 
million in its lone hedge fund, Baymount Master Fund 1, and $152 million in 
separate accounts. That’s about two-thirds of the $741 million it managed at 
yearend 2022. Baymount terminated its registration with the SEC effective May 
1. Baymount’s strategy was focused on G7 and liquid emerging markets, it said 
in a March 2024 regulatory filing. Casino, the firm’s founder and chief investment 
officer, was previously a partner at Appaloosa Management, where he worked for 
about 11 years.
Camber Capital 
Boston
2006 Equity: long/short Healthcare stock-focused Camber Capital was unwinding in the second quarter after 
nearly two decades for unknown reasons, With Intelligence reported in May. The 
firm was expected to fully liquidate its funds by the end of the third quarter. Founded 
by Stephen Du Bois in 2006, Camber invested in healthcare services and facilities, 
pharmaceutical, medical products and devices and biotechnology companies. The 
firm was managing about $3.7 billion of gross assets at yearend 2024.
Destination Partners 
Asset Management 
Hong Kong
2018 Equity: long-bias Destination Partners Asset Management, which focused on public and private 
investments in Greater China, had returned the majority of its outside capital by the 
end of May, according to With Intelligence. Founder and chief investment officer 
Gang Liu was previously a managing director for public investments at Hillhouse 
Capital, where he spent a total of 12 years. The firm at one time ran hundreds of 
millions of dollars, according to the report.
Glenernie Capital 
London
2019 Equity: long/short The firm, led by former Otus Capital portfolio manager Andrew Nunneley, was 
unwinding its flagship fund early in the second quarter, With Intelligence reported. 
The firm’s Glenernie Long/Short Fund launched in November 2019 and soared about 
82% the following year, according to the report. The firm had $160 million under 
management by January 2021.
Kodai Capital 
Chicago
2020 Equity: long/short Former Millennium external-exclusive Kodai Capital was handing back investor 
capital in April, with president and chief operating officer Joon Park, who co-founded 
the firm with Neville Shah, heading to Balyasny Asset Management as chief 
operating officer of its long/short equity business, Bloomberg reported. Kodai was 
managing $6.3 billion of gross assets for Millennium in June 2023. It continued 
to run money for the multi-strategy giant after the expiration of its three-year 
exclusivity period while it sought additional capital. Park’s exit, as well as a loss in 
2024 and early 2025, prompted the firm’s closure, according to Business Insider. 
The fundamental equity investor employed a staff of 44, including 21 investment 
professionals at the end of 2024, at which point it reported $2.9 billion of gross 
assets under management. Prior to forming Kodai, Shah spent a decade as a 
portfolio manager at Citadel Global Equities. Park also had a stop at Citadel, where 
he worked for about six years before moving to Alyeska Investment Group for more 
than seven years.
 See LIQUIDATIONS on Page 13
January 14, 2026
13
NOTABLE LIQUIDATIONS OF 2025, BY QUARTER
Management 
Company Inception Strategy The Skinny
Polyphonic Capital 
Bethesda, Md.
2022 Quantitative Jan-Hein Cremers, a former Millennium Management senior portfolio manager, 
shuttered his quantitative multi-strategy shop, according to With Intelligence. The 
firm announced the closure on its website. Cremers’ seven years at Millennium were 
preceded by another seven at IMC Trading. He also spent time at FDO Partners and 
State Street Associates.
Taika Capital 
Sunny Isles Beach, Fla.
2021 Equity: long/short The quantitative and fundamental equity investor told investors in June it was 
preparing to shut down because of a personal health matter involving a “strategic 
general partner.” The firm was hoping to identify new backers and resume 
operations. Alberto Saba Ades and Manuel Saba Ades were among Taika’s general 
partners. The Saba family pulled its capital in January 2025, leading other 
investors to also seek redemptions. Firm assets were just $636,000 by May’s end. 
The mid- and large-cap U.S. stock investor was founded by Michael Coleman. 
On an annualized basis, its Taika Capital Long/Short Equity Master Fund returned 
1.8% from September 2021 through May. Prior to forming Taika, Coleman was a 
portfolio manager and lead technology and communications-services analyst at 
PNC Bank’s PNC Capital Advisors.
Yarra Square Partners 
New York
2019 Equity: long/short The fundamental stock-picker’s decision to close its doors followed a redemption 
last year by Tiger Management. The firm shuttered its lone fund as a result but 
sought new backing. Tiger Management contributed $50 million to $60 million to 
Yarra Square’s $75 million launch in 2019. The firm was running $117 million in 
the fund at the end of August. It generated a 10.2% annualized gain from inception 
through August. The firm terminated its registration on Nov. 12, 2024. Founder and 
portfolio manager Victor Ho in March signed on at SPX Capital as a PM. He formed 
Yarra Square after the firm he co-founded in 2016 with Ken Brody, Sutton Square 
Capital, closed because of Brody’s health.
Q1-2025
Asia Research & Capital 
Hong Kong
2011 Distressed assets Asia Research & Capital was returning outside capital as Alp Ercil moved to 
convert the hedge fund shop to a family office for personal reasons, according 
to Bloomberg. The $3 billion firm’s latest in a series of distressed-asset funds 
generated an annualized gain of 19.5% from inception five years ago. The 
firm experienced just one down year, a 1% loss, in its 14-year track record, 
Bloomberg reported. ARCM also managed co-investment vehicles. Ercil launched 
the operation after working at Perry Capital, where he led that firm’s Asia 
operations.
Calixto Global Investors 
Coral Gables, Fla.
2014 Equity: long/short Technology- and consumer-stock investor Calixto Global Investors was handing 
back outside capital in the first quarter of last year to convert to a family office, 
according to With Intelligence. “The one constant in life and investing is change,” 
founder Eduardo Costa wrote in a letter to investors. “To that end, now feels like 
the right time for me to pursue a different challenge.” Calixto, which launched with 
$25 million, was managing $350 million in March 2024, at which point the firm had 
locked in a 10-year track record investing in Japan, producing an 8% annualized 
gain. Costa was previously director of research at JAT Capital.
 See LIQUIDATIONS on Page 14
January 14, 2026
14
NOTABLE LIQUIDATIONS OF 2025, BY QUARTER
Management 
Company Inception Strategy The Skinny
Fir Tree Partners 
New York
1994 Credit Fir Tree Partners revealed in a January 2025 investor letter that it expected to 
hand back capital in its flagship Credit Opportunity Fund by early March and 
that it would work to liquidate its other offerings. The firm was transferring 
the assets in one strategy, PAMLI Global Credit Convexity, to an undisclosed 
investment firm. Fir Tree, which had been in business for 30 years, had seen 
its assets shrink from $12.5 billion in 2014 to just $1.2 billion at yearend 
2023. Likewise, its ranks at the end of 2023 were down to 31, including 13 
investment professionals. The firm, whose flagship fund was up 17% in 2024, 
did not explain the reason for its closure. “While this decision is bittersweet, 
we are proud of what we have accomplished together and see this next step 
as a natural inflection point – an opportunity to pivot toward new ventures that 
will challenge and inspire us in different ways,” the firm’s co-chief investment 
officers, David Sultan and Clinton Biondo, wrote in a Jan. 27 letter to investors. 
Jeffrey Tannenbaum founded Fir Tree in 1994 and stepped back from running its 
day-to-day operations in 2017.
Flow State Investments 
Chicago
2021 Event-driven Flow State Investments returned outside capital, and the firm will run its own money, 
which will give it the flexibility to pursue private-market opportunities outside of 
its mandate, With Intelligence reported in February. Flow State terminated its SEC 
registration Jan. 2, 2025. The firm reported it was managing $188 million of assets 
in a July 12, 2024, Form ADV filing. Flow State, led by Joe Scoby, began trading 
with proprietary capital in 2021 and brought in external investors in 2022. Scoby 
previously was head of systematic investing at Magnetar Capital and chief executive 
and chief investment officer at Achievement Asset Management. Both followed a 
23-year stretch at UBS, where he founded UBS O’Connor.
Genysys Asset 
Management 
Austin
2023 Municipal bonds Brian Gourley, a former Whitebox Advisors senior portfolio manager, shut down his 
municipal-bond operation in January 2025. He’s since followed up Genysys with the 
March launch of a data business called Troubadour Advisors. “I spent the past year+ 
trying to get Genysys Asset Management off the ground, but found that the market 
has become increasingly difficult as a ‘sole operator’ who is also trying to run 
projects, build systems, manage ops and trade a position,” he wrote on his LinkedIn 
page. The firm terminated its SEC registration Jan. 27. Gourley also previously 
founded Troubadour Capital, a quantitative hedge fund manager focused on the 
municipal-bond market. That firm, which he ran from 2013 to 2018, raised $150 
million, also according to Gourley’s LinkedIn profile.
Hollis Park Partners 
Scarsdale, N.Y.
2013 Structured debt Troy Dixon’s Hollis Park Partners, which took long and short positions in securitized 
products, was handing back capital in early 2025, With Intelligence reported last 
January. That month, Dixon, Hollis Park’s chief investment officer, signed on as 
co-head of global markets at Tradeweb. Hollis Park invested in residential and 
commercial mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, collateralized 
debt obligations, collateralized loan obligations and other instruments. The firm, 
which received a $50 million seed investment from Grosvenor Capital in 2014, 
was managing $1.8 billion of gross assets at the end of 2023. A year later, assets 
were about $275 million. Hollis Park had a staff of five, including four investment 
professionals, at yearend 2024. Prior to forming Hollis Park in 2013, Dixon was head 
of RMBS trading at Deutsche Bank for about eight years.
Isomer Partners 
New York
2016 Equity: long/short Mendel Hui began the process of winding down at the end of 2024 following 
performance setbacks in 2024 and 2021 that left it in a deep drawdown despite 
years of earlier gains. Isomer’s lone fund tumbled 8% from January through 
September of 2024 and 37.5% in 2021 – both years in which the average equity 
hedge fund was in positive territory. Even with a 37.2% spike in 2023, the Isomer 
Fund lost 21.8% cumulatively from the end of 2020 through the third quarter of 
2024. Launched in mid-2016, Isomer from 2017 through 2020 put up double-
digit returns and an annualized gain of 20.9%. The firm’s gross assets at yearend 
2023 were about $270 million, down from $703 million in March 2021. Isomer 
terminated its registration with the SEC effective Jan. 2, 2025. Hui founded Isomer 
in 2016 after spending time at Soroban Capital Partners and Perry Capital.
 See LIQUIDATIONS on Page 15
January 14, 2026
15
NOTABLE LIQUIDATIONS OF 2025, BY QUARTER
Management 
Company Inception Strategy The Skinny
Navy Capital Green 
Management 
Westport, Conn.
2014 Public, private 
equities (cannabis)
Cannabis-focused Navy Capital Green Management was in the process of 
liquidating assets in mid-January of last year, around the same time the firm 
settled for $150,000 an SEC charge that it falsely claimed to conduct anti-
money laundering due diligence on prospective investors. The firm cited political 
headwinds for the cannabis sector as contributing to its move to unwind, 
according to With Intelligence, which reported that the firm launched in 2014 
with a focus on technology, media and telecommunications companies but 
turned its attention to the cannabis sector in 2017. Founder and chief executive 
Sean Stiefel previously spent time at Northwoods Capital and Millennium 
Management.
Palm Lane Capital 
London
2020 Credit The five-year-old firm was calling it quits early last year following a $150 million 
redemption from Blackstone in late 2024, With Intelligence reported in February. The 
firm terminated its SEC registration Jan. 2, 2025. Palm Lane Capital’s relative-value 
credit fund, PL Credit Opportunities Fund, employed fundamental and quantitative 
analysis. Fahad Roumani, Palm Lane’s chief investment officer, previously ran the 
strategy at J.P . Morgan Asset Management.
Praxis Alpha Partners 
London
2022 Equity: long/short CF Partners spinout Praxis Alpha Partners was closing its doors at the end of March, 
its CEO Haris Papanikolaou telling With Intelligence, “We are proud of what we built 
and grateful for the support of our investors, colleagues, and partners over the 
years.” The firm’s long/short equity strategy centered on European companies in the 
industrials, utilities, infrastructure and renewables sectors. Praxis had $495 million of 
discretionary assets and $31 million of nondiscretionary assets under management 
on March 31, 2024. Praxis was first formed in 2012 and spun out a decade later. 
Chief investment officer Roland Vetter previously spent time at Copia Capital, Egerton 
Capital and Morgan Stanley, among others.
Privet Fund Management 
Atlanta
2007 Event-driven Privet Fund Management, which took an event-driven and value-oriented approach 
to investing primarily in small and midsize public companies, terminated its SEC 
registration on Feb. 3 and appeared to be winding down. The firm was running 
$352 million of gross assets at yearend 2023, including $81 million in a hedge 
fund and the rest in co-investment offerings. The hedge fund, Privet Fund, returned 
6.8% annualized from inception in 2007 through March 2021, with drops of 
3.1%, 1.2% and 15.7% in 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. More recent results 
couldn’t be learned. Chief investment officer Ryan Levenson, a former SAC Capital 
analyst, led the firm.
Snowcat Capital 
New York
2019 Event-driven Event-driven investor Snowcat Capital, helmed by former Omega Advisors 
portfolio manager Rebecca Pacholder, was unwinding in the first quarter of 
2025. With Intelligence reported in February that the firm, which focused on 
distressed credit, would shut down as a result of scant investment opportunities. 
It generated positive returns in five of its six years of trading, according to With 
Intelligence. The firm managed about $450 million.
Solaria Management 
Chatham, N.J.
2022 Equity, credit Founder Jay Sheth closed his firm after two-and-a-half years in operation and 
signed on as chief investment officer at Versaca Investments, according to With 
Intelligence. Sheth started at the family office in February. Before forming Solaria, 
he spent more than a dozen years at Appaloosa Management. In a Form ADV 
filed Feb. 25, Solaria reported managing about $109 million in a single separate 
account. Solaria invested long and short in the equities, bonds and bank debt of 
North American and European companies across a number of sectors, including 
energy, industrial and technology, among others. The firm’s SEC registration was 
terminated on March 3.
January 14, 2026
16
Asturias ... From Page 1
Beyond that loss, portfolio manager Wang Liao  left 
in August. Liao – who led Asturias’ investments in inter -
net, financial-technology and consumer-technology 
companies – had been with the firm since its first year 
of trading. He resurfaced in December as a PM at Cita-
del unit Ashler Capital . Sources said Liao’s exit might 
have played a role in AllianceBernstein’s calculation.
In the wake of the closure, one source said, two 
Asturias analysts have been reassigned elsewhere within 
Nashville-based AllianceBernstein, which managed 
$860 billion in September across traditional and alter -
native investments. (For a comprehensive accounting of 
notable firm closures in 2025, see liquidations listing on 
Page 6.)
Veteran hedge fund professional  Francis Cueto  
founded Asturias after eight years at Bain Capital  unit 
Brookside Capital, where he helped build a $1.5 billion 
global telecommunications portfolio within a $10 bil -
lion long/short equity fund, according to his LinkedIn  
profile. Cueto also has worked at Abacus Investments  
and StarMedia,  a telecom company.
Asturias initially was among the subadvisors for 
Blackstone’s Senfina Advisors  multi-manager hedge 
fund operation, which shuttered after three years fol -
lowing a 24% loss in 2016, Bloomberg  reported at the 
time. A year earlier, Senfina gained 21%.
It’s not clear how Asturias fared as one of Senfina’s 
11 subadvisors. Once Asturias went out on its own, its 
commingled vehicle, Asturias Fund, outperformed in 
some years, while underperforming in others (see chart 
below).
In 2020, its best year, Asturias Fund gained 25.4%, 
finishing the year nearly 11 percentage points higher 
than the With Intelligence Hedge Fund Index. Two 
years later, the vehicle lost 15.2%, while the With Intel -
ligence index fell 3.3%.
The offering was down to $98 million by November 
of last year, with most of the firm’s capital in separate 
accounts.
Asturias reported in a tearsheet that month that 44% 
of its portfolio was in information technology stocks, 
while 27.4% was invested in what it characterized as 
other investments, which presumably means those out -
side of its core mandate of the technology, media, tele -
communications and consumer sectors. Stocks under 
the communications-services umbrella made up 16% of 
the portfolio, while consumer discretionary amounted 
to 11.5% and consumer staples constituted the remain -
ing 1.1%. 
Liao, the portfolio manager who left in August, previ -
ously worked at Bloom Tree Partners,  40 North Indus -
tries and Gleacher Partners.  
Daedalian ... From Page 1
be actively involved in day-to-day business, “helping 
to source, debate and rigorously challenge investment 
ideas, ” according to a Jan. 12 letter signed by Lebovits, 
who described himself as the firm’s “primary seed inves -
tor. ” Kuntz and Schafer will also serve as senior advisors.
Joe Herman,  who served as Rivulet’s chief compli -
ance, chief financial and chief operating officer, will 
handle chief financial and chief operating officer duties 
at Daedalian.
“Gordon and Ludwig are disciplined, research-driven 
investors, ” Lebovits wrote. “I am highly confident in 
their ability to build a world-class investment partner -
ship, dynamic culture, and long-term stellar perfor -
mance record. ” Prior to the firm’s closure, the pair’s 
ideas represented about 70% of Rivulet’s long book and 
generated returns above the fund’s average, according to 
Lebovits’ letter.
Rivulet, which returned $1 billion in capital, ran a 
long/short equity fund, Rivulet Capital Master Fund, 
that primarily targeted mid-cap stocks in North Amer -
ica and Europe for around 14 years. The firm opened a 
long-only fund in June with around $27 million. Rivu -
let continues to operate a special-purpose vehicle with 
one public-market investment. (For a comprehensive 
accounting of notable firm closures in 2025, see liquida -
tions listing on Page 6.)
Daedalian will operate with a smaller staff than Rivu -
let and will also employ artificial-intelligence tools to 
complement its fundamental  See DAEDALIAN on Page 17
-20%
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
With Intelligence Hedge Fund Index 
Asturias Fund
2025*20242023202220212020201920182017**
Asturias Fund Returns
July 2017-November 2025
*January-November 2025. **July-December 2017
January 14, 2026
17
approach to investing. More details could not be learned.
The Daedalian vehicle aims to outperform its bench -
mark by more than 700 basis points annually while 
compounding partner capital over long periods. The 
firm hasn’t decided which benchmark it will use but 
will compare its returns to an index that tracks mid-cap 
stocks.
“The opportunity set today for Daedalian is unusually 
compelling, ” Lebovits wrote, adding that a “broad uni -
verse of high-quality businesses, ” overlooked by inves -
tors focused on AI, are trading at highly discounted 
valuations.
Daedalian intends to invest in 8-10 businesses with 
upside catalysts such as “corporate change, fundamental 
green shoots or a near-term unsustainable valuation, ” 
Lebovits wrote. 
Daedalian will offer a founders share class, which 
could include ownership participation in the general 
partner, to former Rivulet investors and a select group 
of prospective investors. There’s no word on how much 
the original investors are contributing or how much 
capital they are trying to raise.
The Rivulet flagship’s performance at yearend was 
unknown, but it had generated flat returns in the first 
quarter of 2025. 
“There have been previous periods where we felt 
out-of-step with the market, but this time feels differ -
ent, ” Lebovits and Kuntz wrote to investors about their 
decision to close, Hedge Fund Alert parent With Intel -
ligence reported in December. “ As fund managers, it 
feels as if we have struggled to make the transition from 
managing investments to managing a team of investors. ”
Blank joined Rivulet in December 2012 following a 
stint as an analyst at MTS Health Partners,  while Kerck 
arrived at Rivulet in 2016 from Greenhill & Co.,  where 
he was an investment banking analyst. 
Prior to Rivulet’s January 2012 launch, Lebovits and 
Kuntz were at OSS Capital,  which was founded by 
Schafer. 
Survey... From Page 1
Given the thoughtful responses to 10 survey ques -
tions, HFA is presenting the results across three weeks. 
The first installment, published Jan. 7, can be found 
here. In addition to artificial intelligence, this week’s 
topics include survey-takers’ thoughts on the push to 
make alternative investments available to 401(k) par -
ticipants. 
In our Jan. 21 issue, HFA will showcase survey par -
ticipants’ thoughts on the rising use of separately man -
aged accounts – a burden for many managers, even as 
SMAs have become the investment option of choice for 
many consequential investors – and on pass-through 
fees, which likewise appear to have been more widely 
adopted of late in lieu of the traditional 2-and-20 fee 
structure. The newsletter also will touch on the private 
credit boom, which some have characterized as a 2008-
style risk.
AI Everywhere
Among the 153 respondents, 110 people – or 72% – 
said they already use the technology in some capacity at 
their firms. A dozen more said they plan to implement 
it in 2026 or to increase its use. Just 19 participants said 
they don’t employ AI in their workflows at all. A small 
minority of survey-takers didn’t answer the question.
Those who answered a related question on AI’s 
effects on their budgets overwhelmingly said it had little 
impact either way, neither costing a lot nor saving sub -
stantively. A few said it had saved them some money. 
Responses generally reflected the efficiency and time-
saving brought by AI products, among them OpenAI’s 
ChatGPT and Anthropic’s Claude.
To be sure, some hedge fund operators have been 
using custom-built AI for a decade or two, employing 
people at the vanguard of the technology: PhDs in com -
puter science, math and physics. But as over-the-coun -
ter products have improved 
Daedalian... From Page 16
 See SURVEY on Page 18

January 14, 2026
18
and gained popularity, they’ve become all the more 
common.
For the most part, respondents said they use AI in 
lower-level tasks, including data interpretation, research 
and first-draft emails and reports.
“We have taken a selective approach to AI adoption, 
choosing not to rely on it within investment judgment, 
structuring decisions, or client-sensitive workflows. 
This reflects our focus on risk control, accountability, 
and data integrity, particularly in complex, cross-border 
and bespoke mandates, ” said Luis De Brito,  a manag -
ing director at Betuga Consulting.  “In our experience, 
premature or poorly governed AI deployment can 
introduce opacity, model risk, and compliance chal -
lenges that are not always well understood. As a result, 
we prioritize human-led decision-making supported by 
robust internal processes, while monitoring AI develop -
ments closely. ”
One allocator weighed in by saying AI is increasingly 
used across front-office and back-office workflows. 
“Its primary use is for automation or for efficiently 
gathering data to support research, with a human mak -
ing the final decision, ” the allocator said.
As it relates to analysts, 49 respondents said AI will 
make analysts better at their jobs without making them 
obsolete, while 50 survey-takers predicted it will have 
a dual effect, making analysts both better and unnec -
essary. Fifteen respondents said hedge fund operators 
won’t require analysts in the future given the advent of 
AI. 
Several participants suggested AI will separate the 
wheat from the chaff, exposing low performers, while 
exceptional staffers will harness the new technology to 
make them indispensable.
“It is likely to make really good analysts better while 
making the average analyst obsolete, ” said Ryan Ish -
erwood,  the founder and chief investment officer of 
Significance Capital . “The best analysts are always 
searching for an edge and will figure out the most pro -
ductive ways to use AI to make their work flow more 
efficient and increase the effectiveness of their idea gen -
eration. There are limits to what AI can do, and I think 
the keen insights of a good analyst are irreplaceable. ”
A top operations executive at a multi-strategy firm 
said AI would “most assuredly” make analysts better at 
their jobs. As for replacing them, he said, “only the most 
junior level in my lifetime. ”
Added Rany Elsayed,  the co-founder and chief exec -
utive of Ieros Investments:  “We believe that artificial 
intelligence acts as a force multiplier for high perform -
ers while systematically displacing low performers. As a 
result, we expect the continued replacement of under -
performing roles with AI-driven agents, alongside a 
marked increase in productivity and impact among top-
performing individuals. ”
401(k)-Retail Investors
Seven out of 10 respondents said the administration 
of President Donald Trump  should continue to push for 
retail investors to have access to alternatives via retire -
ment accounts, though a smaller number – just 35 of 
153 respondents – specifically 
Survey... From Page 17
 See SURVEY on Page 19
Hedge Fund Performance
Dec.
Return 
(%)
2025 
Return 
(%)
Benchmark Indexes
S&P 500 Total Return 0.1 17.9
Russell 2000 -0.7 11.3
Nasdaq Composite -0.5 20.35
MSCI EAFE (Eur., Australia, Far East) 3.0 31.2
MSCI World 0.8 21.6
Bloomberg US Agg Gov/Credit TR Index -0.3 6.9
Barclay Hedge Fund Index 0.05 12.0
2,000+ funds (unweighted)
With Intelligence Hedge Fund Index 0.9 11.2
2,400+ funds (weighted)
CTA 1.7 2.2
Digital assets -5.0 -12.2
Distressed debt 1.6 9.2
Event-driven 1.5 11.7
Fixed income/Credit 0.35 7.05
Fixed income arbitrage 0.7 10.8
Long/short equities 0.9 16.1
Macro 1.3 14.1
Multi-strategy 0.8 12.2
Relative value 1.2 10.1
HFN Hedge Fund Aggregate Index 1.1 10.6
4,900+ funds (unweighted)
HFRI Fund Weighted Composite 1.6 12.6
2,000+ funds (weighted)
HFRI Asset Weighted Composite 1.4 10.0
2,000+ funds (weighted)
HFR Cryptocurrency Index -3.8 8.1
S&P GSCI Commodity -0.3 7.1
January 14, 2026
19
said hedge funds should be part of that mix, citing the 
dangers to average investors.
“While expanding access to alternative investments 
through defined-contribution plans could improve 
diversification, including hedge funds in 401(k) plans 
raises significant concerns, ” said UBS’ Leo Sun.  “Hedge 
funds are complex, often illiquid, and expensive, mak -
ing them ill-suited for most retail retirement investors. 
A limited and highly regulated exposure to certain alter -
native assets may be appropriate, but direct inclusion of 
hedge funds is difficult to justify. ”
A veteran multi-strategy executive called the inclu -
sion of 401(k) retirees into the alternatives space a 
“disaster waiting to happen. ”
“This is too complex for even RIAs to understand, ” 
the executive said.
Alternatively, some industry professionals called out 
what they termed the hypocrisy of allowing profes -
sional investors to tap hedge funds while restricting the 
masses. Others responded more neutrally.
“With the right safeguards, there is no reason all 
investors shouldn’t be able to invest, in my opinion, ” 
wrote Andrew Martin,  the chief executive of Fairlight 
Capital. 
  LATEST LAUNCHES
Fund Portfolio Managers Strategy Service Providers Launch Equity at  
Launch (MIL.)
(Unidentified)
Domicile: U.S.
(See Page 1)
Gordon Blank and  
Ludwig Kerck 
blebovits@rivuletcap.com
Daedalian Partners,
New York
Long-only fund (mid-cap 
companies in North America 
and Western Europe)
April 1
Not yet a client? Want to add a colleague to your subscription?
Please contact us:
Email: support@hedgefundalert.com  Tel: 646-891-2126 
www.hedgefundalert.com
Hedge Fund Alert (ISSN: 1530-7832), Copyright 2026, is published weekly by With Intelligence, 41 Madison Avenue, 20th floor, New Y ork 10010. It is illegal to port forward or reproduce the issue or the link, without 
first obtaining permission from Hedge Fund Alert. All issues are watermarked and we routinely monitor forwarding with tracking technology. Copying this publication is in violation of the U.S. Copyright Act (17 
USC 101 et seq.). Violators may be subject to criminal penalties as well as liability for substantial monetary damages, including statutory damages up to $150,000 per infringement, costs and attorney’s fees. 
Howard Kapiloff 
Managing Editor 
917-576-0709 
h.kapiloff@hedgefundalert.com
Mark Mueller 
Editor 
732-939-9801 
m.mueller@hedgefundalert.com
Mike Frassinelli 
Senior Reporter 
973-856-3263 
m.frassinelli@hedgefundalert.com
James Prado Roberts 
Deputy Managing Editor 
732-322-8780  
j.pradoroberts@hedgefundalert.com
Paul McMillan 
Editor-in-Chief, With Intelligence 
646-891-2118 
paul.mcmillan@withintelligence.com
Joel Dudden 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
j.dudden@hedgefundalert.com
Adam Wood 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
a.wood@hedgefundalert.com
Marco Calabrese 
Advertising Sales 
732-546-8346 
marco.calabrese@withintelligence.com
Samantha Marcus 
Senior Reporter 
609-819-2384 
s.marcus@hedgefundalert.com
Todd Palmer 
Senior Technical Designer 
+44-20-7832-6500 
todd.palmer@withintelligence.com
Hedge Fund Alert
Survey... From Page 18
January 14, 2026
20
multiple strategies, including macro and what it calls 
crisis alpha.
The former global head of HBK Capital’s volatility-
strategies group has signed on as a portfolio manager 
with Hudson Bay Capital . Joshua Newman  joined the 
Stamford, Conn., multi-strategy firm’s New Y ork office 
last month after more than 17 years at HBK, the 35-year-
old Dallas multi-strategy shop. Earlier, he spent nine-
plus years at J.P . Morgan, where he traded equity exotics 
options strategies in an executive director role. Hudson 
Bay, led by Sander Gerber, had $20.8 billion under man -
agement in November.
After nearly 19 years at Millennium Management, risk-
management specialist John Russo  has decamped for 
smaller multi-strategy manager Verition Fund Manage -
ment. Russo, who’s based in New Y ork, started this month 
as Verition’s head of equity risk management. He left Mil-
lennium in June, departing as global head of quant equities 
risk. Early in his career, he filled a junior risk role at BNP 
Paribas. Verition, based in Greenwich, Conn., has grown 
its assets by almost a quarter over the past year. It began 
this month with $14.4 billion under management, up from 
$11.6 billion on Jan. 1, 2025. Hiring has likewise jumped. 
The firm now employs some 500 investment professionals, 
up from 414 at the start of last year.
Separately, a former portfolio manager at recently shut -
tered Eisler Capital has been scooped up by Verition Fund 
Management. Rushit Vyas last month started as an associ-
ate PM, covering the industrials sector for the Greenwich, 
Conn., multi-strategy firm after working at Eisler since 
2024. Vyas earlier worked for brand-name multi-strategy 
firms, including as an analyst at both ExodusPoint Capital 
and Millennium Management and in an associate posi -
tion at Citadel equities business Citadel Global Equities. 
Other employers included sustainable-food private equity 
investing firm Paine Schwartz Partners and Barclays.
For the third time, Marx Bowens is an employee of Mari-
ner Investment . Bowens, a portfolio manager with a 
background trading rates and inflation-linked products, 
returned to the $8.9 billion firm in November after nearly 
three years as a PM at since-shuttered Eisler Capital . 
Before joining Eisler in May 2022, New Y ork-based Bowens 
had been a PM at Mariner since the start of 2021. He had 
an earlier run as a Mariner PM from May 2014 to October 
2015. Other stops for the veteran investment professional 
include Barclays, XG Industries, CRT Capital  and RBS. 
Thirty-three-year-old Mariner, with 27 strategy teams, 
specializes in fixed-income, relative-value and other credit 
strategies. It has four offices in the New Y ork City area, two 
in London, one in Tokyo and one in the Baltimore region.
Citadel has brought on an associate portfolio manager who 
has a background in fixed-income and foreign-exchange 
trading and who most recently spent two years at Caxton 
Associates. Mats Glettenberg signed on at the Miami firm 
last month after exiting Caxton in June. Glettenberg, who 
appears to be based in London, previously spent about six 
years at Munich fund manager MEAG. Citadel was man -
aging $72 billion on Dec. 1.
Credit-fund manager Bracco Asset Management  has 
hired seasoned institutional sales and marketing profes -
sional Mark Guariglia  as head of business development. 
Guariglia led U.S. business-development efforts for a year 
at Toronto asset manager Waratah Capital following 24 
years at $16.4 billion EnTrust Global,  where he was a 
managing director focused on institutional sales. He ear -
lier worked on the emerging-markets fixed-income trad -
ing desk at Bear Stearns.  Bracco, formed in 2023, blends 
data-driven and fundamental approaches to its credit 
analysis. The Purchase, N.Y ., firm has $325 million under 
management.
Japan-focused hedge fund startup GBM Asset Manage -
ment has picked up an investment specialist focused on 
corporate finance and engagement strategy. Principal 
Takuya Sugimoto joined the fledgling Tokyo-based multi-
strategy manager last month. He previously was a vice 
president in investment-banking at Citigroup, which he 
joined in 2019. He’s also worked at Nomura. GBM, an 
affiliate of London broker-dealer GBM Securities, is plan-
ning to launch a fund this year with $200 million of anchor 
commitments. The firm is expected to assemble significant 
minority event-driven positions in small-cap companies, 
while also creating a long/short equity book and a system-
atic macro portfolio. 
THE  
GRAPEVINE
Grapevine ... From Page 1
