January 28, 2026
1
Amid Biotech Resurgence, HF Physician-
Investor Maps Diversified Healthcare Vehicle
A medical doctor with extensive hedge fund experience, ranging from 
Point72 Asset Management  predecessor SAC Capital to UBS O’Connor, is 
preparing a new healthcare-focused fund.
Jason Bonadio, a portfolio manager at the UBS multi-strategy unit until 
this month, expects to launch what for now is generically being called The 
Healthcare Fund in the first half of this year. Bonadio’s firm, which has yet to 
be named or registered, will be headquartered in either New Y ork or Con -
necticut.
Bonadio and analysts Adam Sandler and Robby Sweeney, both medical 
doctors, had worked as a team at UBS O’Connor since 2022. Before that, the 
three worked at Bonadio’s Alera Partners, an Old 
Volatility trader Seok Yoon Jeong  
has joined multi-strategy giant Mil-
lennium Management  as a portfolio 
manager. Jeong started this month at 
the $83.4 billion New Y ork firm after 
serving as a PM at Brevan Howard 
Asset Management  since 2021. Jong 
earlier headed up flow volatility trad -
ing for the Americas at Citigroup and 
was the head of index flow volatility 
trading in the U.S. as an executive 
director at J.P . Morgan. Millennium 
has more than 6,500 employees and 
330-plus investment teams.
Two London-based commodi -
ties specialists left adrift by the clo -
sure of Eisler Capital  late last year 
have joined Hartree Partners , an 
increasingly significant player in 
commodities trading. Portfolio man -
ager Tim Hayes  and senior trad -
ing analyst Joseph Casino  started 
this month. It’s not clear if the two 
worked together at Eisler. Both began 
their careers at oil-and-gas giant 
B P.  Hayes spent more than 15 years 
JANUARY 28, 2026
THE  
GRAPEVINE Pouncing on Overlooked Nonprofit Market, 
New Grays Peak Fund to Offer Low-Cost Loans
Alternative-investment shop Grays Peak Capital is on the cusp of launch-
ing a private lending vehicle that will focus on nonprofits, a market vastly 
underserved by traditional lenders.
The New Y ork firm – in partnership with B Generous, an online lend -
ing marketplace for nonprofits – will manage the investments within the 
new fund, Grays Peak Impact Credit Fund. B Generous will steer potential 
borrowers to the offering, for which Grays Peak seeks to raise $100 million. 
Grays Peak is aiming for a 12% to 15% annual return for the fund, which car-
ries a three-year lockup.
The firm plans to originate senior-secured loans, ranging from $500,000 
to $3.5 million, with maturities of one to three years
Appeals Court Offers Partial Win for Hedge 
Funds in Tax Dispute; Broader Fight Lingers
A federal appeals court handed hedge fund managers in several states a 
victory on self-employment taxes earlier this month, but the ruling’s lim -
ited reach means those who have long sidestepped the levies that fund Social 
Security and Medicare aren’t out of the woods just yet.
In a 2-1 decision, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit on Jan. 
16 overturned a U.S. Tax Court ruling in Sirius Solutions v. [IRS] Commis-
sioner that effectively broadened the definition of a limited partner subject to 
self-employment taxes and that closed an exemption managers used to limit 
their tax liability. The appeals court’s rejection of the U.S. Tax Court’s ruling 
does not end the dispute. The Fifth Circuit sent the case back to the tax court 
for further proceedings.  See GRAPEVINE on Back Page
2 Thriving Crypto Firm Makes Marketing Push
2 Interval Credit Funds Nip at Hedge Funds
3 FOFs, RIAs Propel FourLion to $160M
4 Value Investor Doubles Its Y ardstick
4 Axiom’s $9B Strategy Again Tops 14%
7 Service Provider Network Gains Ground
7 LATEST LAUNCHES
 See BONADIO on Page 5
 See GRAYS PEAK on Page 5
 See TAXES on Page 6
January 28, 2026
2
Thriving Crypto Firm Makes Marketing Push
A market-neutral digital-asset hedge fund that’s run -
ning $10 million and that took in its first outside capital 
in September is looking to capitalize on two years of very 
strong performance.
The firm, Atomic Digital, laid up a 24.1% return last 
year and a 36.6% gain in 2024 following the inception of 
a multi-strategy program in January 2024. By compari -
son, the With Intelligence Market-Neutral Digital Assets 
Index, which has six constituents, was up just 4.7% last 
year and 25.8% in 2024, with a much lower Sharpe ratio 
and a higher volatility.
The firm, which has offices in London and Dubai, is now 
in discussions with a number of investors who are looking 
to write bigger checks, and Atomic is expecting to hit $20 
million of assets by the end of March. The firm aims to 
reach $100 million before the end of this year.
To help it achieve that, Atomic has significantly bulked 
up its operations to prepare for a more institutional-class 
investor. In September, Atomic founder and proprietary 
trader Emir Safin  brought on two former staffers from 
Amsterdam-based market-neutral digital-asset manager 
M1 Capital as partners: Amay Patel, who is leading trad -
ing and portfolio strategies, and Casper Sauerbier Cou -
vee, who is heading Atomic’s operations.
Patel had been a quantitative developer at M1, which he 
joined in 2024, and earlier worked as a contractor develop-
ing liquid systematic strategies for clients. Sauerbier Couvee 
previously worked in investor relations at M1, which grew 
from $40 million of assets to $180 million during the nine 
months he spent there from February 2025 to October 2025. 
He earlier worked in an investor-relations capacity for digi-
tal-asset focused Hodl Management and other firms.
Safin, who oversees the firm’s investment strategy, first 
launched Atomic’s program via his own Dubai propri -
etary-trading firm, Saber Digital,  in 2024. In April, he 
launched Atomic’s British Virgin Islands-domiciled fund, 
the Atomic Digital Market Neutral Fund.
The fund blends several strategies, trading via both cen-
tralized and decentralized cryptocurrency trading services 
and seeking in part to take advantage of related arbitrage 
opportunities. Atomic also invests in over-the-counter 
structured products, invests in digital-asset protocols to 
generate both fixed yields and upside returns and runs an 
internal quantitative portfolio.    
Atomic aims to produce high risk-adjusted returns 
with low volatility in all types of markets without taking 
on market risk, and it has so far done just that. Through 
December, the offering generated an annualized return 
of 30.2%, an annualized volatility of just 3.6% and a very 
high Sharpe ratio of 5%. Over the same time period, the 
With Intelligence Market-Neutral Digital Assets Index had 
an annualized return of 14.8%, an annualized volatility of 
6.2% and a Sharpe ratio of 2.4%.
The Atomic Digital Market Neutral Fund is a U.S. dol -
lar-denominated offering. The firm also launched a Bit -
coin-denominated version of the same strategy this past 
June and is seeking to manage tailored separate accounts 
denominated in U.S. dollars and various digital currencies 
for bigger investors. 
Interval Credit Funds Nip at Hedge Funds
Assets of the fast-expanding alternative credit-focused 
interval-fund sector have skyrocketed as their perfor -
mance again outpaced credit-focused hedge funds, whose 
overall assets have remained flat for years, according to 
twin analyses by Gapstow Capital.
Some 91 alternative-credit interval funds now manage 
$83.1 billion, up from a total of $60.5 billion at the end of 
2024. That growth, the sector’s largest ever, was boosted by 
the addition of 22 new funds in 2025 – also the most ever 
– that were managing $4.6 billion at yearend. Furthermore, 
while the sector’s assets grew by 37% last year, that’s well 
below its five-year annualized asset growth of 58%, as such 
offerings exploded during the coronavirus pandemic and 
managed only $8 billion of assets as of January 2020.
Meanwhile, interval funds have beat the returns of 
credit-focused hedge funds in each of the past three years, 
according to Gapstow. The New Y ork firm’s composite 
index of alternative-credit interval funds was up 7% last 
year, up 10.1% in 2024 and up 10.7% in 2023. By compari-
son, Gapstow’s alternative-credit hedge fund composite 
index – which tracks about $100 billion credit hedge funds 
out of an estimated universe of $350 billion – was up 6.7% 
in 2025, up 9.7% in 2024 and 8.6% in 2023.
Despite a huge increase in the number of alternative-
credit interval funds, however, assets are highly concen -
trated in a small number of products, with the 10 largest 
owning 76% of assets. In fact, just one firm, Cliffwater, 
manages two funds – Cliffwater Corporate Lending Fund 
and  Cliffwater Enhanced Lending Fund – that run 
$31.5 billion and $7.5 billion, respectively. Together they 
accounted for 47% of interval fund assets and 44% of the 
sector’s growth last year.
Interval funds are a form of investment vehicle – like a 
mutual fund – that reports holdings to the SEC quarterly 
and must agree to periodically buy back from investors a per-
centage of its shares, such as 5% or 10% of assets every three 
months. The products aren’t limited to accredited investors 
and have been heavily shopped to wealth managers who have 
in turn actively recommended them to their clients.
Alternative-credit managers appear to like the format 
because the offerings have been broadly picked up by this 
untapped group of investors. And advisors’ clients like 
them because they can access products that until recently 
have been far more restricted to hedge funds and other pri-
vate funds that invest in vehicles such as bonds or loans 
with returns higher than those produced by investment-
grade products.  See GAPSTOW on Page 3
January 28, 2026
3
And interval funds issue Form 1099 tax forms, which 
are easier for individuals to deal with than the Schedule 
K-1s issued by private funds.
In part, Gapstow founder Chris Acito said, a difference 
in returns between hedge funds and interval funds can be 
attributed to the less liquid nature of the interval funds. As a 
result, credit-focused hedge funds are more exposed to more 
liquid and more broadly syndicated products – while inter-
val funds are more exposed to collateralized loan obligations 
and private loans to corporations, real estate developers and 
specialty finance companies that the interval fund has issued 
directly or bought on the secondary market.
Gapstow’s analysis shows that 45 corporate credit-
focused interval funds control about 69% of the sector’s 
assets, while 36 asset-backed finance funds managed 23% 
of assets, and another 10 diversified funds controlled 8% of 
assets. The size of the smaller asset-backed finance group 
grew proportionally more – its assets were up by 57%. Gap-
stow attributed that to interval fund investors who started 
out allocating to corporate credit funds who are now diver-
sifying their holdings into asset-backed finance funds.
In fact, investors in the asset-backed interval funds were 
also more heavily rewarded, as that category of interval 
fund that invested in securities rose on average by 8.4%. 
Those that focused on asset-backed lending rose by 7.7%, 
while those that focused on broadly syndicated corporate 
credit rose by 6%.
“When our first report [on alternative credit interval 
funds] was written in the lobby of Atlanta’s Hotel Clermont 
in 2019, few credit investors knew what an interval fund 
was, ” Gapstow wrote in its Jan. 20 annual review of the sec-
tor. At the time, Gapstow said, only 33 alternative-credit 
investment funds managed $8 billion, with 40% of that in 
one fund, the Stone Ridge Alternative Lending Risk Pre -
mium Fund. (That fund has shrunk, managing $1.4 billion 
on Jan. 26, according to Bloomberg.)
“Gapstow tried to draw attention to ACIFs by analyzing 
the universe, defining sub-strategy peer groups, and creating 
the first performance indices, ” the report continues. “Since 
then, interval funds are well on their way to fulfilling their 
promise to provide a gateway for alternative credit managers 
to raise capital from the individual investor market. ”
That said, Gapstow’s analysis found that the yield in 
alternative-credit interval funds had dropped by about a 
percentage point from 2023 to 2025, at least in part because 
of a 1.5 percentage point cut by the Federal Reserve to the 
federal funds rate over the last two years. That reduction is 
likely to contribute to increased scrutiny of interval funds’ 
returns, the firm said.
And while Gapstow said it expects the sector to have 
continued growth next year, it also predicted that the 
growth rate will be slower and that fewer funds will launch. 
The firm also said that a meaningful increase in redemp -
tions from non-traded business-development companies 
in the fourth quarter of last year may result in wealth advi-
sors recommending redemptions from alternative-credit 
investment funds. Gapstow further said that the elements 
of the sector, as it has grown, have become more exposed 
to economic shocks such as the risk of unemployment.
Gapstow excludes from its analysis so-called tender-
offer funds that may invest in alternative credit. Those are 
similar to interval funds but aren’t required to offer inves-
tor redemptions. Tender-offer funds typically primarily 
invest in private funds and private equity. 
FOFs, RIAs Propel FourLion to $160M
India-focused equity manager FourLion Capital  has 
doubled its assets since the firm’s May debut.
The New Y ork-headquartered firm, which has recently 
begun to tap into funds of funds and registered investment 
advisors, has grown from about $80 million of assets under 
management at launch to something approaching $160 
million today. 
In addition to those capital sources, FourLion also has 
benefited from existing investors adding to their individ -
ual allocations.
Led by co-founders Dhruv Goyal,  an Evercore and 
BlackRock alumnus, and Pravesh Kochar,  formerly of 
Blackstone, FourLion runs a high-conviction long-only 
vehicle investing in India-based companies with market 
capitalizations of at least $500 million, primarily across 
the industrial, financial, consumer, technology, media and 
telecommunications sectors. 
The firm’s two-pronged strategy includes a core port -
folio of seven high-quality, consistent compounders that 
FourLion looks to hold for at least five years and a thesis-
based book of 10 to 12 catalyst-driven names that it can 
hold for shorter spans. 
The firm estimates its strategy – investing across small-, 
mid- and large-cap names – has capacity for $650 million 
to $800 million at today’s liquidity levels.
Performance for the firm couldn’t be learned. The MSCI 
India Index (USD) gained 4.3% in 2025, while the broader 
MSCI Emerging Markets Index (USD) rose about 34%.
FourLion believes the underperformance of Indian mar-
kets relative to the nation’s emerging-market peers last year 
reflects the net $18 billion of foreign institutional investor 
outflows in 2025 stemming from geopolitical uncertainty 
tied to tariff-related tensions with the U.S., a slowdown in 
nominal earnings growth and a dearth of pure-play artifi -
cial-intelligence exposures in Indian public markets.
FourLion says it’s seizing on the opportunity to pick up 
shares at discounted levels.
“What we encourage our investors to do is not panic 
in this difficult market environment, because the secular 
India story remains robust, ” Goyal said. “We believe Indian 
corporate fundamentals are stronger than ever following 
a meaningful deleveraging cycle 
Gapstow... From Page 2
 See FOURLION on Page 4
January 28, 2026
4
driven by healthy earnings growth since Covid. And when 
foreign flows come back into India, which we believe they 
will inevitably at some point, that’s when the Indian mar-
kets should really take off in a meaningful fashion. ”
In the meantime, Goyal said, retail investors in India 
are increasing their own investments by billions of dollars 
each month, helping to backfill some of the outflow of for-
eign capital and stave off a significant correction.
“We think the risk-reward dynamics in Indian markets 
today are the most attractive since the depths of Covid, ” he 
added.
Goyal, FourLion’s chief executive, worked for three 
years as an investment-banking associate at Evercore. At 
BlackRock, he was a mergers-and-acquisitions associate. 
Kochar, the head of research, most recently was a principal 
at Blackstone. The two men oversee a team of six working 
out of New Y ork and India. 
Value Investor Doubles Its Yardstick
Global value-investor Bireme Capital bested its bench-
mark in 2025 with the help of a long bet on telecommuni-
cations company Airtel Africa.
The Rockville, Md., long-bias equity manager’s funda-
mental value strategy delivered a 33% gain last year for 
the separate accounts it manages and about 30% for its 
13-month-old Bireme Capital Fundamental Value Master 
Fund, which launched in November 2024.
The strategy’s showing was nearly double that of the 
SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust and comes as the firm rebounds 
from a 16.5% loss in 2024. It also represents Bireme’s eighth 
year of double-digit returns in nearly 10 years of trading. 
On an annualized basis, the fundamental value strategy 
has gained 20.8% since inception in June 2016.
Evan Tindell,  Bireme’s chief investment officer, and 
chief executive Ryan Ballentine formed the firm that year 
after each working as equity analysts for seven years at Bal-
lentine Capital,  the hedge fund-turned-family office of 
Ryan Ballentine’s father, Steve Ballentine.
Bireme invests across sectors, market capitalizations 
and geographies in undervalued companies. Assets are 
approaching $130 million, including $23 million in its 
commingled fund.
Last year, the firm gained from its stake in Airtel Africa, 
a mobile network provider with 174 million customers in 
14 countries in Africa. Airtel’s share price more than tripled 
last year, benefiting from rising demand and usage and from 
the Nigerian regulators’ approval of a 50% price bump for 
telecom providers amid currency devaluation and inflation.
Other contributors in 2025 included technology com -
pany SoftwareOne, which acquired Crayon in July, and 
British American Tobacco.
Bireme generally runs between 70% and 150% long and 
up to 50% short. Recently, the firm has added short posi -
tions in companies with multi-billion dollar market capi -
talizations but little revenue and that Bireme believes are 
unlikely to develop sustainable businesses. 
Axiom’s $9B Strategy Again Tops 14%
Growth-stock investor Axiom Investors just recorded its 
sixth annual double-digit gain in the past seven years, yet 
failed to beat its benchmark for only the second time during 
that stretch.
The Greenwich, Conn., firm’s largest portfolio, the Con-
centrated Global Growth Equity Strategy, which accounted 
for $9 billion of Axiom’s $29 billion of total assets at year-
end, gained 14.8% in 2025. That lagged the 22.3% rise of the 
MSCI All Country World Index for the year.
“While annual results trailed the benchmark, the strategy 
continues to be ahead over the three-year period and longer 
time horizons, demonstrating the compounding value of dis-
ciplined dynamic growth stock selection, ” the firm wrote last 
week in an update to investors. “The year was characterized 
by elevated macro and policy uncertainty, including concerns 
following the ‘Liberation Day’ tariffs and periodic questions 
around the pace and durability of the AI investment cycle. ”
However, as the year went on, the firm noted, tariff infla-
tionary impacts turned out to be tamer than expected, and 
accelerating AI-related investment fueled growth. All of the 
strategy’s 2025 growth occurred after the first quarter.
Concentrated Global Growth Equity Strategy’s top three 
holdings at yearend were Taiwan Semiconductor, Micro-
soft and Alphabet.
The strategy gained 30.6% in 2024, 31.9% in 2023, 21.3% 
in 2021, 36.9% in 2020 and 37.4% in 2019, topping the MSCI 
benchmark in each of those years. 
The strategy lost 31.8% in 2022, when the MSCI index 
was down 18.4%.
From inception in December 2014 through yearend 2025, 
the strategy was up 12.8% on an annualized basis. The MSCI 
index had a 10.1% annualized gain during that stretch.
Axiom manages growth, emerging-markets and small-
cap equity portfolios worldwide. The firm is led by chief 
investment officer Andrew Jacobson, who, along with three 
colleagues, founded it in 1998 with $200 million.
The firm sees its portfolio as well positioned for 2026.
“Taken together, attractive portfolio valuations, strong 
growth outlooks, and supportive macro conditions are con-
sistent with an environment favorable for dynamic growth 
companies exhibiting durable demand, improving earnings 
delivery, and attractive duration, ” the firm noted.
The investor update also announced the recent hire of 
Donald Zhang, a research analyst with a focus on the con-
sumer sector. Zhang, who started in the fourth quarter, pre-
viously worked for nine years at MFS Investment, where 
he was an equity research analyst. Earlier, he was a private 
equity associate at HarbourVest Partners. 
FourLion... From Page 3
January 28, 2026
5
Bonadio ... From Page 1
Greenwich, Conn., firm where they ran a flagship long/
short healthcare fund employing an absolute-return, 
low-net strategy. Alera shut down in 2022, leading to 
the UBS move.
It couldn’t be determined if Sandler and Sweeney are 
part of the new venture. What’s known is that the opera -
tion will include physicians beyond Bonadio. The startup is 
in active discussions with multiple potential partners and 
capital providers.
The diversified healthcare and life sciences-focused 
vehicle is designed to invest long and short in the biotech-
nology, pharmaceuticals and medical-technology sectors, 
while targeting returns uncorrelated to biotechnology 
indexes.
The low-net, absolute return-oriented offering has the 
freedom to invest in companies of varying market capital-
izations. It typically is expected to run a net exposure of 0 
to 25% and a gross exposure of 130% to 200%.
At UBS O’Connor, which is in the process of being 
sold to Cantor Fitzgerald , the three MDs assessed 
medical-device businesses as well as pharmaceuticals 
going through drug trials with the U.S. Food and Drug 
Administration.
Cantor Fitzgerald on Dec. 31 announced that it acquired 
two UBS O’Connor hedge fund strategies, with other strat-
egies continuing to transfer over this quarter as regulatory 
approvals are granted.
A fundraising goal for The Healthcare Fund hasn’t been 
set. The firm is said to be open to partnerships with seed or 
strategic capital investors.
Bonadio formed Alera in 2019, bringing on Sweeney 
and Sandler two years later. Bonadio earlier worked as 
a portfolio manager at both HealthNXT Partners  and 
FrontPoint Partners and as an analyst at Steve Cohen’s 
SAC.
The launch comes amid a big resurgence in the biotech-
nology sector, which had been in a years-long slump that 
carried into the beginning of 2025. Fortunes turned in the 
second half, buoyed by encouraging FDA drug-approval 
results, decreasing interest rates, an improved climate for 
dealmaking and more affordable valuations.
Some biotech hedge funds vaulted into rarefied air. 
Vehicles managed by Caligan Partners , Dellora Invest -
ments, NEXTBio Capital, RTW Investments and Exome 
Asset Management all popped more than 50% from Janu-
ary through November of last year, with Caligan leading 
the group at 71%, Hedge Fund Alert reported on Nov. 19.
From the end of July through Dec. 31, the Nasdaq Bio -
technology Index jumped 34%. This year, the index was up 
almost 5% through Jan. 27.
The iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF , commonly 
referred to as the IBB, gained 27% in 2025 after a 2.4% dip 
in 2024. It was up 4.5% year to date just before the close on 
Jan. 27. 
Grays Peak ... From Page 1
and interest rates of 9% to 13%. Grays Peak says those rates 
are far lower than what nonprofits typically pay for similar-
sized loans. Borrowers would secure loans with pledges of 
future donations, grants, earned income, payments and 
assets, with some loans additionally backed by real estate.
Among Grays Peak’s investment criteria: nonprofits 
must be in operation for at least two full calendar years 
and have more than $250,000 in annual revenue for the 
trailing 12-month period (or have at least $500,000 in net 
assets). Grays Peak plans to avoid organizations that have 
filed for bankruptcy protection in the past 24 months, that 
have material judgments against them in the past two years 
or that are the subject of pending or existing litigation.
As part of its underwriting, Grays Peak will assess the 
quality of a borrower’s revenue mix, scrutinizing earned 
income vs. grants, for instance, along with operating per -
formance, surplus and deficit trends and key leverage 
metrics including debt levels, current assets relative to 
liabilities, and net assets to debt.
Grays Peak contends the nonprofit market is massive 
and presents a widely overlooked opportunity for invest -
ment. The 1.8 million nonprofits in the U.S. represent 15% 
of U.S. gross domestic product and generate about $3.3 
trillion in income annually, according to the hedge fund 
shop.
The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics notes that in 2022, 
nonprofits accounted for 12.8 million jobs, or about 10% 
of private-sector employment. If the U.S. nonprofit sector 
were its own economy, it would be the fifth-largest in the 
world, according to the Tax Foundation, a nonprofit that 
monitors U.S. tax policy.
Y et nonprofits are often excluded from traditional credit 
markets, with more than 90% unable to secure loans from 
mainstream financial institutions, according to Grays Peak. 
The largest banks – Wells Fargo, J.P . Morgan and Bank of 
America, for instance – lend to nonprofits, but most non-
profits do business with community banks, which rarely 
lend to that group, Grays Peak says.
In addition, the firm says, the biggest banks focus their 
lending on the largest 2% to 3% of nonprofits in the U.S. As 
a result, Grays Peak says, most loans begin at $5 million, 
disqualifying 97% of nonprofits, which raise less than that 
amount per year.
Finally, real estate accounts for the vast majority of col-
lateral that large nonprofits put up for sizable bank loans, 
but nine of 10 nonprofits don’t own property.
Grays Peak argues traditional lenders don’t have a deep 
understanding of how nonprofits derive their revenues or 
how nonprofit finances work in general. Most people think 
nonprofits generate the bulk of their revenue from dona -
tions, while Grays Peak maintains that 81% of nonprofit 
funding comes from earned income. Donations account 
for just 10%.
As a result of those market  See GRAYS PEAK on Page 6
January 28, 2026
6
dynamics, only about 3% of nonprofits can access tradi -
tional credit in the U.S. today, according to Grays Peak.
Still, nonprofits often require loans to get them through 
periods of delayed grants and donation shortfalls to pay rent 
and payroll and to perform the functions they’re set up to do.
Grays Peak would target nonprofit schools, after-school 
sports programs and food programs, for example.
B Generous, itself a nonprofit headquartered in Los 
Angeles, serves as an online hub for nonprofits to locate 
capital. It facilitates financing ranging from $100,000 to 
$50 million, secured against future revenue streams.
Since launching in 2024, B Generous has approved more 
than $70 million of $1 billion in loan requests.
Scott Stevens  founded Grays Peak in 2015 following 
stops at notable firms. At JAT Capital, Stevens oversaw a 
$1 billion portfolio of technology, media and telecommu -
nications stocks. He also has worked at Coatue Manage-
ment, Ivory Capital,  Strata Capital  and Point72 Asset 
Management predecessor SAC Capital. 
Grays Peak runs private equity, private credit and ven -
ture capital strategies. The firm, which has invested some 
$400 million over the past 16 months or so, is separately 
raising capital for a specialty-finance fund, Grays Peak Pri-
vate Credit 2, that targets government contractors.
That offering launched in October with an undisclosed 
sum from co-investors. An initial close is expected in the 
next week or so. 
Taxes... From Page 1
More importantly, the Fifth Circuit’s jurisdiction is 
narrow, applying only to limited partnerships in Texas, 
Missouri and Louisiana. Elsewhere, the issue remains unre-
solved. Still pending are a separate case in the First Circuit 
involving Boston-based private equity firm Denham Capi-
tal and a closely watched case in the Second Circuit involv-
ing Soroban Capital, a New Y ork hedge fund manager. It’s 
possible the U.S. Supreme Court could take up the matter if 
the three jurisdictions issue different rulings. 
The Fifth Circuit decision has “limited precedential 
value for New Y ork and Boston taxpayers, but it’s a win 
which we hope the other circuits will embrace, ” said Jay 
Freedman, global hedge fund tax segment leader at 
KPMG US.
What makes the Fifth Circuit decision a particularly 
welcome one for hedge funds is the appeals court’s adop-
tion of a longstanding industry interpretation of provision 
1402 (A) (13) of the Self-Employment Contributions Act, 
more commonly known as SECA. The Fifth Circuit said 
the U.S. Tax Court must reexamine the case and read the 
law the way the text was understood back in 1977, when 
Congress wrote it, not based on a newer, more aggressive 
IRS interpretation that the U.S. Tax Court has endorsed. 
The original definition of a “limited partner, ” according 
to the appeals court, was someone who had limited liability 
under state partnership law, and that’s how federal agencies 
treated the term for decades. The IRS vexed managers when, 
in 2018, it initiated its SECA “compliance campaign, ” aggres-
sively pursuing self-employment tax audits for limited part-
nerships. The more aggressive IRS defined a limited partner 
as someone who was a passive investor in a partnership. A 
hedge fund manager, for instance, who oversees day-to-day 
activities in a limited partnership is not exempt from the tax, 
according to the new IRS interpretation. 
An estimated 300 asset managers, including hedge fund 
shops, have been subject to SECA-focused IRS examina -
tions. Some have opted to pay the self-employment taxes, 
while others are fighting the agency via the courts. Atalaya 
Capital, Moon Capital, MKP Capital and Point72 Asset 
Management are among the hedge fund managers that 
have sued the IRS in tax court.
One lawyer, Kevin Leiske, a partner at law firm Cole-
Frieman & Mallon, said that since the IRS took its aggres-
sive position, he has been recommending managers set up 
their management companies as limited liability compa -
nies to avoid any risk of an IRS audit. “But this tax rul -
ing by the Fifth Circuit made me do a 180-degree turn, ” 
he said, adding that he is emboldened because the Fifth 
Circuit “picked apart” the tax court’s reasoning.
Sirius Solutions, a consultant in Houston, is structured 
as a limited partnership, as are many hedge fund opera -
tions. The Fifth Circuit decision did not address limited 
liability companies or limited liability partnerships.
Notably, prior to serving as U.S. Treasury secretary 
and acting commissioner of the IRS, Scott Bessent ben -
efited from the SECA tax exemption while running global-
macro hedge fund shop Key Square Group. Bessent at the 
time took a similar position to that of the current Fifth 
Circuit: despite his active role in Key Square’s day-to-day 
operations, his distributive shares of partnership income 
were not subject to self-employment taxes because he was 
a limited partner under state law. U.S. Sen. Elizabeth War-
ren (D-Mass.) grilled Bessent at his confirmation hearing 
in January 2025, claiming he avoided paying more than 
$900,000 in taxes for income he made via Key Square. 
Grays Peak... From Page 5
Decision-Makers
Scour This Space
Do you sell products or services to the alternative-
investment community?
Take dead aim at your target market by advertising in 
Hedge Fund Alert, which is devoured each week by deci -
sion-makers in the business.
For more information, contact Marco Calabrese  at  
732-546-8346 or marco.calabrese@withintelligence.com.
January 28, 2026
7
Service Provider Network Gains Ground
A Scotland-based company that aims to educate and con-
nect fund managers with service providers is growing handily.
The Glasgow firm, Altallo, which launched in its current 
configuration in November 2024, now has some 70 service 
providers – along with representatives of about 85 managers 
and pension funds – using the platform.
Many of the individuals from those two groups work in 
operations at hedge funds and other types of alternative and 
traditional investment firms. At least some of the institutional 
allocators using the site are seeking to learn about service 
providers who can assist with separate accounts, which have 
become an increasingly favored way to invest in recent years. 
Other allocators use the platform for due diligence on service 
providers.
Altallo founder Mel Sutton said the platform has been 
especially useful in helping managers learn about an explo-
sion of new firms – and a rise of new services from existing 
firms – that have incorporated artificial intelligence into their 
offerings. One time-saving example of this, according to Sut-
ton: the use of AI to fill out voluminous request-for-proposal 
forms that managers must complete when they pursue new 
investment mandates.
Sutton, a former Morgan Stanley  prime-brokerage 
employee, originally launched Altallo via another entity called 
Argyll & Buchanan, which had a partial focus on service-
provider connections and also a function for allocators and 
managers to connect. Sutton has since retooled the approach 
and is now solely focused on helping managers and allocators 
discover service providers.
Altallo does not allow service providers to mass market to 
managers and allocators. Rather, Altallo seeks to expose man-
agers to service providers via Altallo’s own posts, resource 
guides, announcements, promotions and events. The idea is 
to encourage managers to join without chasing them away 
with a barrage of unwanted communications.
The service is free for managers and allocators, while ser-
vice providers pay £1,250 ($1,723) annually.
Among the entities using the service are Abacus Group, 
ACA Group, CBOE Global Markets, CV5 Capital, Edge-
folio, Kiski, London Stock Exchange, Meraki Global Advi-
sors, Mirae Asset Securities, Opus Fund Services and 
Optima Partners. 
  LATEST LAUNCHES
Fund Portfolio Managers Strategy Service Providers Launch Equity at  
Launch (MIL.)
Grays Peak Impact  
Credit Fund
Domicile: U.S.
(See Page 1)
Scott Stevens
Grays Peak Capital,
New York
Debt: direct lending (nonprofits) Auditor: PwC Feb. $100
The Healthcare Fund
Domicile: U.S.
(See Page 1)
Jason Bonadio
(Firm yet to be named) 
New York or Connecticut
Equity: long/short (biotech, 
pharmaceuticals and medical 
technology sectors)
1H-26
www.hedgefundalert.com
Hedge Fund Alert (ISSN: 1530-7832), Copyright 2026, is published weekly by With Intelligence, 41 Madison Avenue, 20th floor, New Y ork 10010. It is illegal to port forward or reproduce the issue or the link, without 
first obtaining permission from Hedge Fund Alert. All issues are watermarked and we routinely monitor forwarding with tracking technology. Copying this publication is in violation of the U.S. Copyright Act (17 
USC 101 et seq.). Violators may be subject to criminal penalties as well as liability for substantial monetary damages, including statutory damages up to $150,000 per infringement, costs and attorney’s fees. 
Howard Kapiloff 
Managing Editor 
917-576-0709 
h.kapiloff@hedgefundalert.com
Mark Mueller 
Editor 
732-939-9801 
m.mueller@hedgefundalert.com
Mike Frassinelli 
Senior Reporter 
973-856-3263 
m.frassinelli@hedgefundalert.com
James Prado Roberts 
Deputy Managing Editor 
732-322-8780  
j.pradoroberts@hedgefundalert.com
Paul McMillan 
Editor-in-Chief, With Intelligence 
646-891-2118 
paul.mcmillan@withintelligence.com
Joel Dudden 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
j.dudden@hedgefundalert.com
Adam Wood 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
a.wood@hedgefundalert.com
Marco Calabrese 
Advertising Sales 
732-546-8346 
marco.calabrese@withintelligence.com
Samantha Marcus 
Senior Reporter 
609-819-2384 
s.marcus@hedgefundalert.com
Todd Palmer 
Senior Technical Designer 
+44-20-7832-6500 
todd.palmer@withintelligence.com
Hedge Fund Alert
January 28, 2026
8
there, rising to a senior-level oil-trading post before 
departing for Eisler in 2023. Casino, who likewise has a 
background in oil, left BP in 2021 for proprietary-trading 
shop D RW. He signed on with Eisler in mid-2024 as a 
so-called quantamental commodity analyst. At Hartree, 
he works on cross-commodity quant trading. The pair’s 
hires follow the December addition of New Y ork-based 
portfolio manager Saurabh Patel,  who has filled equity 
analyst posts at Moore Capital , Caxton Associates  and 
Visium Asset Management,  among other firms. Hartree, 
founded in 1997 and headquartered in New Y ork, trades 
both physical commodities and futures across the energy 
and broader commodities markets. Last year, it finalized 
its acquisition of ED&F Man Commodities.  This week, 
Hartree received approval from the EU’s European Com-
mission to purchase French commodities firm Touton.
Balyasny Asset Management  has signed up a portfolio 
manager with a background in credit and special-situ -
ations investing. Nikhil Lalwani  joined the big multi-
strategy firm this month after working as a PM at asset 
manager and family office Soros Fund Management  
since 2019. That followed stops at PointState Capital , 
Bank of America  and Citigroup. Balyasny, headquar -
tered in Chicago, has $30 billion under management. It 
employs about 2,400 staffers in total and has more than 
20 locations worldwide.
After a 16-month run as an associate portfolio manager 
at Millennium Management, Kanish Mehta has filled a 
PM post at global-macro shop Caxton Associates. Mehta 
began working out of New Y ork in December for the Lon-
don firm, which had about $17 billion under management 
in June. The stay at Millennium marked his second stint 
there, having earlier worked as an analyst for about a year. 
Mehta’s other employers include Citadel unit Citadel 
Global Equities, Magnetar Capital and Goldman Sachs. 
Founded in 1983 by Bruce Kovner, Caxton is led by chair-
man and chief executive Andrew Law.
Verition Fund Management has hired a portfolio manager 
to focus on investments in technology, media and telecom-
munications businesses. New Y ork-based John Jernigan 
joined the ever-expanding multi-strategy firm in Novem -
ber after more than nine years at Cadian Capital, where 
he was a partner. Earlier, Jernigan held analyst roles at 
Hutchin Hill Capital, TPG-Axon Capital – where he later 
was a principal during a return to the firm – EMS Capital 
and Blackstone. Verition, headquartered in Greenwich, 
Conn., had $14.4 billion under management this month, 
while employing about 500 investment professionals.
Roland Beunardeau,  who has worked as a portfolio 
manager and analyst at multiple blue-chip hedge fund 
firms, signed on this month with $14 billion-plus equity 
shop Woodline Partners. Beunardeau is a London-based 
analyst for the San Francisco firm. He most recently spent 
just under two years as a PM at Covalis Capital , where he 
traded the shares of companies in the travel and leisure, 
transport, and aerospace and defense sectors. Beunardeau 
earlier filled a PM role at Millennium Management , 
worked as a PM and analyst at Citadel and spent time 
as an analyst at Man GLG . Former Citadel investment 
pros Michael Rockefeller  and Karl Kroeker  began trad -
ing through Woodline in 2019 with $2 billion, good for 
the largest launch by a new firm that year, eclipsing the 
$1.6 billion amassed by Candlestick Capital.  Candlestick 
began unwinding in December.
Mariner Investment Group affiliate Mariner Investment 
(Europe) has brought on a portfolio manager who for -
merly worked at Verition Fund Management. Credit and 
equities specialist Raza Mujtaba, based in London, started 
this month at Mariner after a little over four years as a PM 
at Verition. Mujtaba’s resume also includes stops at Seren-
geti Asset Management , Tricadia Capital , Anchorage 
Capital and Goldman Sachs.  Mariner, with about $8.8 
billion under management as of Jan. 1, specializes in credit 
strategies, including fixed-income relative-value, mort -
gage-backed securities and a multi-strategy credit product. 
Headquartered in Harrison, N.Y ., the firm has two loca -
tions in London among its eight total offices. 
THE  
GRAPEVINE
Grapevine ... From Page 1
$14.4 Billion
Verition AUM
