March 18, 2026
1
Longtime HF Exec Cleared on All Counts in 
Fraud Case Filed by Hildene Capital Founder
Veteran hedge fund executive Patrick Horsman prevailed last week in a 
civil fraud case brought by Brett Jefferson, the founder, president and co-chief 
investment officer of $18 billion structured-debt manager Hildene Capital.
Horsman, who contends in a separate federal civil case that Jefferson has 
intentionally ruined his reputation and has a history of defaming him and 
others, had been accused by Jefferson of misstating the prospects and activi-
ties of an Arizona cannabis production business, Integrated CBD, that failed 
in 2020. Horsman had raised some $80 million for the venture via both debt 
and equity from more than 200 individuals and entities.
In October 2020, Jefferson and four other lenders or investors sued Hors-
man, with Jefferson paying the legal bills of each, 
Millennium Management  has 
hired a senior portfolio manager 
who’s expected to join the New Y ork 
multi-strategy giant in the com -
ing months. The PM, Yidian Liu,  is 
believed to have focused on China 
rates at Singapore-based Astignes 
Capital  since December 2021 fol -
lowing a four-and-a-half-year run at 
Citigroup. Izzy Englander’s Millen -
nium manages $86.7 billion.
Separately, former Cerberus Capital  
managing director Michael Sallie  has 
signed on at Millennium Manage -
ment in an operations role, working 
on credit-related initiatives as part of 
the firm’s new dedicated credit unit. 
Sallie arrived in Millennium’s New 
Y ork headquarters last month. Dan 
Friedman, the multi-strategy firm’s 
global head of credit, oversees the 
newly established credit unit, which 
was previously housed within Mil -
lennium’s fixed-income business, 
according to Bloomberg. Before 
exiting in February, Sallie spent 16 
years at $70 billion Cerberus. He pre -
MARCH 18, 2026
THE  
GRAPEVINE Huge Number of Firms Spared Dual SEC, CFTC 
Registration Under Latest Regulatory Ruling
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission has granted a major reg-
ulatory reprieve to potentially thousands of hedge fund firms, reinstating an 
exemption that gives fund operators registered with the SEC a pass on regis-
tering with the CFTC.
In December, the CFTC issued no-action relief eliminating dual registra-
tion requirements for many private fund managers, restoring an exemption 
the agency removed in 2012.
The regulator followed up earlier this month with a no-action letter 
addressing a technical issue arising from that December relief, ensuring 
firms that they can rely on the December guidance and rescind their CFTC 
registrations, said Jennifer Han, chief legal officer 
Healthcare/Biotech Sector One of Pacesetters 
in Marex Honor Roll of Top Fund Performers
Prime broker Marex has identified the top 50 performers among its hedge 
fund clients last year, highlighting 14 managers that returned 40% or more – 
including five funds in a healthcare/biotechnology category and four vehicles 
that eclipsed 100%.
Continuing the annual tradition by predecessors TD Cowen and Cowen 
of honoring hedge fund outperformers around the same time as the Oscars 
awards show, Marex sent a report this month to hedge fund allocators and 
other industry professionals.
“This is our round up of the best performing funds on our prime service 
platform, ” Marex summarized, adding that data was provided by the firms 
and was unaudited. See GRAPEVINE on Back Page
2 Energy Bet Keys Near-50% Monthly Pop
2 Firm’s Long Drawdown Comes to a Close
3 PM of $1B-Plus Fund Debuts Own Vehicle
3 Amid Turmoil, Advisor Eyes HF Clients
8 Hurricane Adds Short Pro as PM
8 LATEST LAUNCHES
 See HORSMAN on Page 5
 See CFTC on Page 6
 See MAREX on Page 7
March 18, 2026
2
Energy Bet Keys Near-50% Monthly Pop
The resurrection continues for Tantallon Capital’s  
flagship offering.
The Singapore firm’s Tantallon Fund, which endured 
a protracted drawdown after losing money in five years 
out of six, followed up two massive annual gains in 2024 
and 2025 with its best-ever monthly increase of 49.4% 
in January.
“ A month in which I can lose -9% on the final trading 
day and still report a gain of +49.4% is clearly excep -
tional, ” chief investment officer Nicholas Harbinson  
wrote in an update to investors. “These are extraordi -
nary times. ”
The Asia Pacific equities-focused vehicle gained 
95.9% in 2025 and 69.7% in 2024.
Once again, the fund was revived in large part by its 
big bet on skyrocketing Bloom Energy,  which makes 
on-site, energy-producing fuel cells to power increas -
ingly-in-demand AI data centers. In less than 15 months, 
Bloom Energy’s stock price went from $9.94 on Nov. 1, 
2024, to $174.77 on Feb. 25 of this year.
The Tantallon Fund generally keeps a concentrated 
portfolio of 35 companies that it invests in for three to 
five years. Harbinson also has discretion to hedge the 
fund’s market and currency exposure and short the 
stocks of companies.
“The drag from our derivatives on Bloom Energy, 
which impacted December’s numbers, was reversed in 
spectacular fashion in the new year, as Bloom doubled 
from the mid-December low of $80, breaking above 
$160, a new high, ” Harbinson wrote. “I had substan -
tially increased our position in the sell-off, adding an 
overlay of short puts/long calls. The combined positions 
account for the bulk of January’s returns (+19% and 
+17% respectively). ”
The fund also got a boost from its positions in Micron 
(added 4.2% to net asset value) and Samsung Electron -
ics (added 3.7%) and in the defense sector, as the war 
between Russia and Ukraine dragged on and the U.S. 
removed Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro.
“I largely missed the sell-off in the software space, 
apart from shorts in Microsoft  and Palantir,” Harbin -
son added candidly. “Smaller positions in SMCI, Dell, 
Uber and Hewlett Packard  were profitable. ”
Harbinson, who with Alexander Hill  co-founded 
Tantallon in 2003, manages the Cayman Islands-domi -
ciled Tantallon Fund.
The monster gain in January and the 3.8% monthly 
jump in February put Tantallon Fund solidly back into 
double-digit territory on an annualized basis since 
inception in 2003, at 11.7%.
The With Intelligence Asia Equity Hedge Fund Index 
gained 3.7% in January, 2.6% in February, 15.5% in 
2025, 9.5% in 2024 and 7.6% on an annualized basis 
since Tantallon Fund’s inception in November 2003.
The Tantallon Fund also reached $104 million of 
assets last month, marking the first time it broke nine 
figures since the third quarter of 2011.
The fund had $1.6 billion at yearend 2007 following 
the firm’s fourth straight full year of double-digit gains 
after launching in the fourth quarter of 2003. Suddenly, 
during the 2008 global financial crisis, the firm’s golden 
touch turned to copper, as it entered a horrific streak of 
11 losing years out of 16, before finding its groove again 
at the end of 2023.
Tantallon also runs a technology-and-sustainability 
fund that had $59 million of assets through last month, 
an India-focused long-only vehicle with $25 million 
under management through last month and an Asia-
focused impact fund with $6 million as of January. 
Tantallon for five-plus years also has invested in ven -
ture and growth equity funds on behalf of family offices. 
Those funds had $90 million of capital commitments 
through January. 
Firm’s Long Drawdown Comes to a Close
As it approaches its five-year track record, technology-
focused fund manager Flight Deck Capital  has climbed 
out of the hole it dug in year one.
The liquid assets managed by Flight Deck gained 51.6% 
in 2025, the third straight year of double-digit gains. The 
liquid portfolio rose 14.9% in 2024 and 19.5% in 2023.
Last year’s big gain pulled the San Francisco firm out 
of its lengthy drawdown, though barely. On a cumulative 
basis, the liquid assets returned just 3% from inception in 
May 2021 through yearend.
Flight Deck sputtered in its early years, losing 11.5% 
in the liquid portfolio across its first eight months and 
plunging 43.7% in 2022. The firm, which had $250 mil -
lion under management last month, invests in both pub -
lic and private companies. Flight Deck’s private-market 
performance couldn’t be learned.
By comparison, the NYSE TMT Index gained 15.7% 
last year and was up 18.3% on a cumulative basis from 
May 1, 2021, through yearend 2025.
Flight Deck’s top holding at yearend 2025 was Bloom 
Energy, which builds on-site fuel cells to run artificial-
intelligence data centers and whose stock price soared 
from $9.94 on Nov. 1, 2024, to $174.77 on Feb. 25, 2026. 
Bloom also aided another firm, Tantallon Capital , to 
outsized gains in 2025 (see story above).
Other holdings making up 10% or more of Flight 
Deck’s portfolio included  online used-car retailer Car-
vana, video game software developer Unity Software and 
autonomous-driving technology company Pony AI.
Flight Deck, given the pedigree of former Lighthouse 
Capital partner Jay Kahn,  had one of the most closely 
watched launches of 2021. It invests long and short in 
what it sees as disruptive and  See FLIGHT DECK on Page 3
March 18, 2026
3
at times under-the-radar internet, software, financial-
technology and media businesses in North America, 
Asia, Latin America and Europe.
Its crossover fund invests through a portfolio of public 
and private companies.
Kahn, who spent nine years at Light Street before turn-
ing his attention to his own firm in 2020, led internet, 
media and consumer investments worldwide for Light 
Street. In addition, he led or co-led more than a dozen 
private deals. 
PM of $1B-Plus Fund Debuts Own Vehicle
A Seattle-area firm running a $1.2 billion global-equi -
ties fund for a New Zealand asset manager is raising capi -
tal for its own long/short hedge fund.
Compound Global Advisors launched the Compound 
Global Alpha Fund last month with a few million dollars 
of external capital. The launch comes as founder War-
wick Simons  is completing his fourth year managing a 
long-only fund for New Zealand-based Generate Invest-
ment Management,  a manager of KiwiSaver retirement 
schemes in that country. Simons continues to oversee 
that fund.
Simons has been managing capital for Generate for 
four years, producing roughly 250 basis points of outper -
formance over the MSCI World Index on an annualized 
basis. In addition to the money he manages for Gener -
ate, Simons had been running a small number of separate 
accounts for his own clients, who are now rolled up into 
the new Compound Global fund.
The Compound Global Alpha Fund’s long book con -
sists of 40 to 60 stocks with market capitalizations greater 
than $5 billion and replicates the generalist, long posi -
tions in Simons’ strategy for Generate. While the strategy 
invests with a bias toward durable, high-quality busi -
nesses, Compound Global also invests across value and 
growth opportunities.
As of yearend, the largest positions in Simons’ Gen -
erate fund were Nvidia, Microsoft,  Alphabet, Ama -
zon, Meta Platforms, Constellation Software, Taiwan 
Semiconductor, Alamos Gold,  InPost and Newmont, 
according to a January report from Generate.
The firm invests globally but with a focus on developed 
markets and typically invests with a two- to three-year 
horizon, seeking out durable, growing and well-managed 
businesses it can buy at a discount.
The Compound Global Alpha Fund also shorts 
exchange-traded funds and indexes, either directly or via 
options, to hedge market risk. 
The new fund aims to beat its benchmark, the iShares 
MSCI World ETF , by around five percentage points a year.
Before forming Compound Global in 2017, Simons 
was an executive director focused on global investment 
research at Goldman Sachs.  He earlier worked as a Hong 
Kong-based research director for investment strategy at 
Gavekal and filled an analyst role at Pendragon Capital , 
a London global long/short equities operation. He began 
his career at Bain & Co., where he was a consultant. 
Amid Turmoil, Advisor Eyes HF Clients
Hilco Global’s new geopolitical advisory business is 
targeting hedge funds as potential clients as it adds cus -
tomers and increases staff amid broad global trade and 
military disruptions.
The unit, which launched last May, has most recently 
been fielding new clients looking for guidance on effects 
from the weeks-old U.S. and Israeli war on Iran as hedge 
funds and other clients seek to better handle their over -
all investment and position risk. The Hilco unit is led by 
Patrick Murphy, a former U.S. congressman and under -
secretary of the Army during President Barack Obama’s 
administration.
The buildup to that conflict and the war itself, which 
started on Feb. 28, has “dramati-
Flight Deck... From Page 2
 See HILCO on Page 4
Anchin’s New York Office 
3 Times Square
Tuesday, May 19th
8:00AM - 11:30AM 
anchin’s 3rd annual 
financial services forum
Strategies for Fund 
Formation, Capitalizing 
on Alternatives, and 
Proactive Tax Planning
SCAN OR CLICK TO REGISTER 

March 18, 2026
4
cally increased our deal flow at Hilco Global, ” Murphy 
said.
The unit, which has fewer than a dozen staffers and 
plans to add more, this month signed Anthony Lombardi 
as a senior advisor. Lombardi, a veteran of U.S. Army 
Special Forces, most recently was a managing director 
at Apex Invest and earlier was a managing director at 
placement agent Layton Road.  He also was an associate 
partner at Aon Hewitt  and counts as former employers 
Wilshire Associates, HedgeMark  and Bear Stearns.
Among Lombardi’s other colleagues at the Hilco unit 
is Chris Moree, another Army veteran, who joined Hilco 
in September. Moree had most recently been chief of staff  
at Hunter Point Capital  and at AlphaQuest.  He earlier 
had the same title at the much larger Apollo Global , was 
a senior advisor to the National Security Council  and 
was an advisor to Murphy at the Department of Defense.
Murphy said that his unit offers clients both retained 
services and individual project work. Much of the unit’s 
work around Iran involves analysis of secondary and ter -
tiary effects from the U.S. military buildup that began 
encircling Iran in January. That buildup had become the 
largest military buildup in the area since the invasion of 
Iraq in 2003 and almost certainly indicated that some 
sort of military engagement would occur.
Murphy said the current global political arrangement 
involves a broad fragmentation from what had been a 
period of globalization and free trade and the resulting 
impact touches many areas of importance for managers 
of hedge funds and other investment products. Among 
the unit’s chief concerns is how geopolitical shocks will 
affect markets, supply chains and volatility.
The Chicago-based Hilco formed the geopolitical 
advisory business at the same time that it formed a new 
cybersecurity unit led by Alexander Niejelow,  with the 
idea that the two groups will have clients with overlap -
ping needs. Niejelow was most recently deputy super -
intendent for innovation policy at the New Y ork State 
Department of Financial Services.  He earlier was senior 
vice president for cybersecurity coordination at Master-
card, was director of cybersecurity policy at the NSC and 
was chief of staff to the White House’s U.S intellectual 
property enforcement coordinator.
The U.S. subsidiary of Tokyo-based Orix Corp.  took 
a majority interest in Hilco in September. Hilco provides 
a range of asset-valuation and capital-raising services, in 
addition to private credit and real estate asset manage -
ment and various consulting services. 
Hilco... From Page 3

March 18, 2026
5
Horsman ... From Page 1
Horsman said in a deposition leading up to the trial. Three 
of the other plaintiffs had ties to Hildene or to Jefferson 
personally.
“We fought this case because the claims were false, 
and the jury agreed, returning a complete defense verdict 
across all 20 counts, ” Horsman said in a statement to Hedge 
Fund Alert. “We always believed the facts would speak for 
themselves, and they did. This outcome reflects the integ -
rity with which Integrated CBD was managed and the pro-
fessionalism of everyone involved. For any manager, your 
integrity is your most valuable asset. Ours emerged from 
this process fully intact. ”
Horsman’s defamation suit against Jefferson is up next, 
with Horsman seeking up to $200 million. Jefferson has 
denied the defamation claim in court papers.
Jefferson invested $2.5 million with Horsman’s cannabis 
initiative via a convertible note. Among the other plain -
tiffs: John Scannell, Hildene’s senior advisor and former 
chief operating officer, provided a $750,000 loan; Jack Car-
lisle, a nephew of Jefferson and the director of trading at 
Hildene, loaned $150,000 to the cannabis enterprise; and a 
family office, ODB Partners, whose investments are man-
aged by James Murphy, a friend of Jefferson, lent $250,000.
They – along with another individual who bought 
$50,000 of equity and who is a member of Horsman’s for-
mer golf club in Scottsdale, Ariz. – sued Horsman and two 
executives at Integrated CBD. One of the accused execu -
tives settled the charges in the past month or so.
The case went to trial against the remaining defendants 
two weeks ago. On March 12, a civil jury found Horsman 
and his former chief operating officer, Jeffrey Dreyer, to be 
not liable for fraud, negligent misrepresentation and aid -
ing and abetting tortious conduct. The judge in the case 
subsequently found them both not liable on an additional 
claim of unjust enrichment.
In issuing the ruling on March 13, Maricopa County 
Superior Court Judge Christopher Coury wrote that “ … the 
uncontested record demonstrated that Defendants Horsman 
and Dreyer were working hard to make ICBD successful. ”
The plaintiffs in the case contended that Integrated CBD 
overstated the capability of its business, in part because the 
farmland it had chosen to grow cannabis wasn’t suited to 
the crop and because Horsman and his fellow defendants 
had overpaid themselves as executives at the company. 
The defendants, meanwhile, contended the business failed 
because the price of cannabis and cannabis oil fell so pre -
cipitously in 2019 – in part due to actions by the U.S. Food 
and Drug Administration – that it was unable to manage 
the business.
Integrated CBD filed for bankruptcy, and Corbin Capi-
tal, which had committed to lend $30 million to Integrated 
CBD and funded $20 million of that, foreclosed on the 
company’s land.
Still pending in Arizona is a related matter filed in May 
by the Arizona Corporation Commission against Hors -
man and Integrated CBD. The agency likewise accuses the 
company of fraud. That case says Horsman and his company 
overstated the quality of Integrated CBD’s available farm-
land and misrepresented its certified organic status. The case 
had been stayed pending the outcome of the recent trial.
Hildene Capital is in the midst of selling a 50% stake 
in itself to Jefferies for terms that include $340 million 
cash to be paid to Hildene by Jefferies. The deal, which was 
announced in December and which is slated to close by the 
third quarter of this year, incorporates Hildene’s planned 
purchase of SILAC, which manages annuity policies. Since 
2022, Jefferies has owned a revenue share in Hildene’s 
asset-management business. 
Jefferson founded Hildene in 2008 after working as 
a senior portfolio manager at Marathon Asset Manage -
ment, and he continues to own between 25% and 50% of 
Hildene, according to the firm’s most recent Form ADV 
filing. This month, Jefferson became a new minority owner 
of the National Hockey League’s Carolina Hurricanes. 
The federal civil case, in which Horsman accuses Jeffer-
son of defaming him, is scheduled to go to trial in Tallahas-
see, Fla., in June. That case, filed in August 2024, accuses 
Jefferson of running a campaign to destroy Horsman’s 
reputation following the collapse of Integrated CBD, Hors-
man’s lawsuit says, by paying a website called USA Her -
ald to write false accusations about him under fictitious 
names. Horsman is seeking $40 million in compensatory 
damages and $160 million in punitive damages.
“Jefferson felt particularly embarrassed in front of his 
associates because he had not only recommended the failed 
investment but also negotiated an intercreditor agreement 
which essentially waived the junior lenders’ legal recourse, ” 
according to the complaint. Horsman claims that Jefferson 
said he would seek to destroy Horsman’s career unless Jef-
ferson and his associates were repaid $3.65 million.
Until Jefferson and his fellow plaintiffs accused Hors -
man of fraud in their lawsuit in Arizona, Horsman was 
a partner and co-founder at placement agent Blue Sand 
Securities and was co-founder and chief operating officer 
of hedge fund operation Merion Investment, which was 
managing more than $700 million at the time.
“In order to not destroy the firms that I built with my 
partners … I needed to resign to defend the litigation and 
allow the truth to come out, ” Horsman told Hedge Fund 
Alert in October 2020.
A resident of Puerto Rico, Horsman is a serial entrepre-
neur who has founded and managed multiple businesses, 
including several focused on digital assets. Since October, 
he’s worked as chief investment officer of BNB Plus, a digital-
asset treasury-management company that’s publicly traded 
as a microcap stock on the Nasdaq exchange. He’s also man-
aging partner of a private equity firm, Cashmere Capital. 
Among businesses in which he was previously involved, he 
co-founded Coral Capital, a digital-asset investment firm 
that was purchased by DNA Ventures in 2024. 
March 18, 2026
6
CFTC ... From Page 1
and head of global regulatory affairs at the Managed 
Funds Association, the industry’s chief lobbying group. 
A no-action letter is a standard regulatory tool in which 
an agency signals it will not pursue enforcement for a 
specific regulatory violation if the firm meets prescribed 
conditions. 
The MFA, which had been advocating for years to 
restore the exemption, argued the dual requirements were 
costly, duplicative and did little to improve oversight. 
“When you look at enforcement, it just doesn’t seem 
there is a whole lot of value from subjecting institutional 
private funds to two regulators, but the redundant, over -
lapping regulatory regime imposed considerable costs 
and burdens on the private funds and their investors, ” 
Han said. The MFA is pushing for rulemaking to make 
the exemption permanent.
Prior to 2012, private funds were exempt from regis -
tering as commodity pool operators or commodity trad -
ing advisors under CFTC Regulation 4.13 (a) 4 as long 
as their investors were qualified eligible persons – those 
who met financial thresholds meant to demonstrate 
financial sophistication. 
The CFTC in 2012 – led by then-chairman Gary 
Gensler – chose to rescind that exemption, though it was 
not required to by the Dodd-Frank Act, which was put in 
place after the credit crisis to mitigate systemic risk. The 
agency left intact another exemption for only those funds 
trading a relatively small amount of derivatives, sub -
jecting thousands of hedge funds to CFTC registration. 
It was around this time that the SEC, under the Dodd-
Frank Act, compelled private fund advisors over a certain 
threshold of gross assets to register with that agency. 
As a result, thousands of managers who use derivative 
instruments and trade equities were forced to register 
with the CFTC and the SEC. That meant filing numer -
ous forms – the CFTC requires quarterly and annual dis -
closures while the SEC mandates annual Form ADV and 
Form PF filings – that are time consuming and involve 
significant compliance and technology expenses.
In addition, dual registration meant that managers 
were subject to separate rules, compliance requirements 
and examinations by two separate regulators. 
With the CFTC’s December move, however, manag -
ers are exempt from registering with the agency if their 
investors meet new qualified-eligible-person thresh -
olds, which go into effect on March 26. Under those 
guidelines, individuals must have investments exceed -
ing $4 million in securities or have $400,000 on deposit 
with a futures merchant to qualify.
In response to concerns from the MFA, the CFTC 
clarified on March 9 that the many private funds relying 
on so-called delegation arrangements, in which a fund’s 
governing body (such as a board or general partner) 
formally delegates commodity pool operator responsi -
bilities to the investment manager, are also spared from 
dual registration. Under prior guidance, such arrange -
ments required the designated manager be registered 
with the CFTC.
“Without this clarification, many funds would have 
had to restructure longstanding governance arrange -
ments in order to deregister, ” Han said. The March 9 letter 
“ensures managers can fully rely on the December relief 
eliminating duplicative SEC and CFTC registration. ”
The CFTC’s no-action letter, which the agency issued 
on Dec. 23, “flew under the radar, ” said Amy Lynch,  
founder and president of Frontline Compliance  of 
Rockville, Md. Despite receiving little attention, it is a 
“meaningful event, ” Lynch said.
Though the no-action letter is strictly a CFTC-driven 
initiative, it comes as the two agencies take steps toward 
improved cooperation. They jointly announced on 
March 11 that they have entered into a so-called memo -
randum of understanding to guide collaboration and 
avoid competition. 
“For decades, regulatory turf wars, duplicative agency 
registrations, and different sets of regulations between 
the SEC and CFTC have stifled innovation and pushed 
market participants to other jurisdictions, ” SEC chair -
man Paul Atkins  said in a statement last week. 
“This updated Memorandum of Understanding will 
serve as a roadmap for a new era of harmonization 
between the agencies – one that is critical to support 
U.S. leadership in this next chapter of financial innova -
tion, ” Atkins’ statement continued. “By aligning regula -
tory definitions, coordinating oversight, and facilitating 
seamless, secure data sharing between agencies, we will 
ensure our rules and regulations deliver the clarity mar -
ket participants deserve. ” 
“When you look at enforcement, 
it just doesn’t seem there is a 
whole lot of value from subjecting 
institutional private funds to two 
regulators, but the redundant, 
overlapping regulatory regime 
imposed considerable costs and 
burdens on the private funds and 
their investors.”
Jennifer Han, Managed Funds Association
March 18, 2026
7
Marex... From Page 1
Performances highlighted by Marex ranged from a low-net 
long/short healthcare equity strategy that gained 12.1% to the 
151.6% jump by Canadian metals-and-mining fund manager 
Delbrook Capital, a Vancover firm led by founder Matthew 
Zabloski. Delbrook managed $185 million in November.
Funds in the U.S./Europe category accounted for 20 of 
the 50 outperformers, followed by sector funds with 15, Asia 
with eight, commodities with four and global macro with 
three. In sub-categories, equity long/short generalist (under 
the U.S./Europe category) and equity long/short healthcare/
biotech (under the sector funds category) led the way with 
five funds each.
All five managers in that equity long/short healthcare/bio-
tech sub-category gained at least 42.4% in 2025: Superstring 
Capital: 94.7%; Caligan Partners: 92.7%; Patients Capital: 
71.4%; Logos Capital: 55%; and Monarch Investment: 42.4%
In addition to Delbrook – listed under commodities – 
these funds also led their categories.
ASIA
Japan Catalyst Fund: 43.6%. Led by portfolio manager 
Oki Matsumoto, the long-only activist fund concentrates 
on Japanese equities, typically holding 10 to 20 companies 
for between six months and three years. Japan Catalyst of 
Tokyo subadvises to Gordian Capital  of Singapore, the 
fund’s manager.
U.S./EUROPE
Cygnus Opportunity Fund: 75%. The generalist long/
short equity vehicle, managed by Atlanta fund manager 
Cygnus Capital and led by founder and chief investment 
officer Christopher Swann, marries fundamental research 
with systematic analysis.
SECTOR FUNDS
V AR AI Fund: 113.0%. Ben Hoskin  and David Field  
are portfolio managers of this offering by Princeton, N.J., 
fund manager Value Aligned Research Advisors,  which 
makes concentrated bets on what it sees as transformative 
artificial-intelligence companies. The fund was the top per-
former in the equity long/short TMT & AI sub-category.
GLOBAL MACRO
Equitile M3 Fund, 108.8%. London fund shop Equitile 
Investments, which launched the vehicle in 2023, man -
aged around $70 million in the fund and $300 million 
overall in December. Founder  George Cooper  is chief 
investment officer. 
Firm Fund
2025 
Return Strategy
Delbrook Capital, Vancouver, B.C. Delbrook Resource Opportunities Master 151.6% Commodities
Value Aligned Research Advisors, Princeton, N.J. VAR AI Fund 113.0% L/S Equity: TMT & AI
Equitile Investments, London Equitile M3 Fund 108.8% Global Macro
Marathon Resource Advisors, San Francisco RAEIF 101.0% L/S Equity: Energy & Energy Transition
Superstring Capital, New York Superstring Master Fund 94.7% L/S Equity: Healthcare/Biotech
Caligan Partners, New York Caligan Partners 92.7% L/S Equity: Healthcare/Biotech
Cygnus Capital, Atlanta Cygnus Opportunity Fund 75.0% L/S Equity: Generalist
Patients Capital, New York Fund Name Unknown 71.4% L/S Equity: Healthcare/Biotech
Occam Crest Management, Darien, Conn. Occam Crest Fund 60.3% L/S Equity: Small-Cap
Logos Global Management, San Francisco Logos Global Master Fund 55.0% L/S Equity: Healthcare/Biotech
Caro-Kann Capital, San Rafael, Calif. Caro-Kann Capital Fund 48.2% L/S Equity: Small-Cap
Japan Catalyst Inc., Singapore Japan Catalyst Fund 43.6% Japan-Focused Activist
Monarch Investment Management, New York Monarch Investment Advisory Fund 42.4% L/S Equity: Healthcare/Biotech
Ishara Investments, Los Angeles Ishara Biotech Fund 41.4% Low-Net Equity: Healthcare/Biotech
Top-Performing Hedge Funds Among Clients of Prime Broker Marex in 2025
March 18, 2026
8
Hurricane Adds Short Pro as PM 
Hurricane Capital has signed a new portfolio manager 
who launched this month with $15 million on the New 
Y ork multi-strategy manager’s platform.
Parker Quillen, a former managing director with Third 
Point, runs the Contrarian Alpha Strategy, which takes 
a low-net, and often net short, value-focused long/short 
equity approach. Contrarian Alpha employs both funda -
mental analysis and analysis of catalysts and changes in 
investor sentiment to produce a somewhat eclectic book of 
uncorrelated equity positions.
Quillen managed a short-equity strategy at Dan L oeb’s 
Third Point, where he worked from 2019 to 2022 before 
setting up Contrarian Alpha Management  as his own 
firm. He earlier worked as an analyst at Bridger Capital 
and HealthCor Management . Previously Quillen man -
aged another firm of his own, Quilcap Corp.,  where he 
also managed long/short equity strategies, from 1994 to 
2000. Quillen got his start at Lazard Freres & Co.
Investors can allocate directly into the Contrarian Alpha 
program through a fund dedicated to it via Hurricane or 
through separate accounts. Contrarian Alpha might also 
obtain an investment directly from Hurricane’s own diver-
sified commingled funds, which allocate capital among the 
multi-strategy firm’s various portfolio managers.
Hurricane now has 73 PMs. Last year, its managers were 
running $1.4 billion of gross assets, which traded through 
Hurricane systems on behalf of the firm and its investors. 
In addition to Hurricane’s funds, investors may allocate to 
individual or multiple Hurricane portfolio managers via 
separate accounts. 
  LATEST LAUNCHES
Fund Portfolio Managers Strategy Service Providers Launch Equity at  
Launch (MIL.)
Compound Global  
Alpha Fund
Domicile: U.S.
(See Page 3)
Warwick Simons
Compound Global Advisors,
Mercer Island, Wash.
Equity: long/short Feb. $3
Decision-Makers
Scour This Space
Do you sell products or services to the alternative-
investment community?
Take dead aim at your target market by advertising in 
Hedge Fund Alert, which is devoured each week by deci -
sion-makers in the business.
For more information, contact Marco Calabrese  at  
732-546-8346 or marco.calabrese@withintelligence.com.
www.hedgefundalert.com
Hedge Fund Alert (ISSN: 1530-7832), Copyright 2026, is published weekly by With Intelligence, 41 Madison Avenue, 20th floor, New Y ork 10010. It is illegal to port forward or reproduce the issue or the link, without 
first obtaining permission from Hedge Fund Alert. All issues are watermarked and we routinely monitor forwarding with tracking technology. Copying this publication is in violation of the U.S. Copyright Act (17 
USC 101 et seq.). Violators may be subject to criminal penalties as well as liability for substantial monetary damages, including statutory damages up to $150,000 per infringement, costs and attorney’s fees. 
Howard Kapiloff 
Managing Editor 
917-576-0709 
h.kapiloff@hedgefundalert.com
Mark Mueller 
Editor 
732-939-9801 
m.mueller@hedgefundalert.com
Mike Frassinelli 
Senior Reporter 
973-856-3263 
m.frassinelli@hedgefundalert.com
James Prado Roberts 
Deputy Managing Editor 
732-322-8780  
j.pradoroberts@hedgefundalert.com
Paul McMillan 
Editor-in-Chief, With Intelligence 
646-891-2118 
paul.mcmillan@withintelligence.com
Joel Dudden 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
j.dudden@hedgefundalert.com
Adam Wood 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
a.wood@hedgefundalert.com
Marco Calabrese 
Advertising Sales 
732-546-8346 
marco.calabrese@withintelligence.com
Samantha Marcus 
Senior Reporter 
609-819-2384 
s.marcus@hedgefundalert.com
Todd Palmer 
Senior Technical Designer 
+44-20-7832-6500 
todd.palmer@withintelligence.com
Hedge Fund Alert
March 18, 2026
9
viously worked as an associate at Fortress Investment  
and in an operations role at D.B. Zwirn & Co.
Multi-strategy shop Balyasny Asset Management  lost 
one portfolio manager earlier this month following the 
addition of a new one in February. Quantitative-invest -
ment professional Manish Singh began serving a non-
compete leave in March. His next stop is unknown. Singh 
joined Balyasny in February 2023 from GSA Capital , 
where as a PM he employed statistical-arbitrage strate -
gies. Separately, equity specialist Nick Langan  rejoined 
Balyasny last month as a portfolio manager. He had 
worked at the firm in a previous stint as a trader from 
2007 to 2011. Prior to his most recent arrival at Balyasny, 
New Y ork-area based Langan was a portfolio manager at 
multi-strategy shop Verition Fund Management . Lan -
gan also served as a principal at AO Asset Management  
following an analyst post at Andor Capital  and a trader 
position at HBK Capital. Chicago-based Balyasny, which 
has $33 billion under management, saw a 0.45% gain in 
its flagship vehicle in the first two months of the year.
Bridgewater Associates  last month added two research -
ers, one in the U.K. and the other in New Y ork. Ferhan 
Salman joined Bridgewater’s London office to serve 
as a senior investor for emerging markets. Salman is 
responsible for leading Bridgewater’s emerging-markets 
research across asset classes and is working closely with 
the broader investment team. He previously worked at 
global-macro shop Rokos Capital  as head of emerging-
markets research. His resume includes stints in senior 
economist roles at Bank of America and the Interna -
tional Monetary Fund. Separately, Zhen Shen is working 
on the firm’s Asia macro team in New Y ork, responsible 
for Asia macro and cross-asset research. Shen previ -
ously was a macro strategist and trader at DeepCurrents 
Investment Group. Prior to DeepCurrents, Shen traded 
instruments tied to interest rates at PNC. Bridgewater, 
headquartered in Westport, Conn., managed about $85 
billion in December.
Metals trader Andreas Munz  joined Fulcrum Asset 
Management’s New Y ork office this month as a portfolio 
manager. Previously, he served as head of metals man -
agement/trading at chemical company BASF. Munz also 
logged time at Marex, where he traded base-metal options 
linked to nickel, copper, zinc, aluminum, crude oil and 
natural gas. He has also served in a risk-management role 
at consultant Future-Services,  was a PM at Martin Fund 
Management and was a trader at Prime International 
Trading. Fulcrum, headquartered in London, is a global-
macro investment shop founded and chaired by Gavyn 
Davies. The firm ran $9 billion in January.
Asia-focused multi-strategy shop Dymon Asia Capi -
tal this month brought on a macro portfolio manager. 
Bandish Shah  is working out of the Singapore firm’s 
Dubai office, one of eight outposts across Asia. Hedge 
Fund Alert  parent With Intelligence  also reported this 
month that Dymon Asia is planning for an office in Lon -
don, a potential landing spot for Shah after he spent more 
than 14 years focusing on global markets at Bank of 
America in the U.K. Dymon Asia was founded in 2008. 
Its Dymon Asia Multi-Strategy Investment Fund invests 
in long/short equity, relative-value and macro strate -
gies. It also runs the Dymon Asia China Absolute Return 
Bond Fund and a 14-year-old private equity strategy. The 
firm was managing about $4 billion overall in December.
SummitTX Capital  has hired a long/short equity portfo -
lio manager with a focus on the financials sector. Travis 
Potts, who exited Citadel’s Ashler Capital unit a year ago 
after three years, started at SummitTX this month in New 
Y ork. Prior to Ashler, where he specialized in the shares of 
U.S. and Canadian banks, as well as in consumer finance, 
Potts was an analyst at Balyasny Asset Management  and 
Millennium Management . Those posts followed roles 
in equity research at Jefferies and FBR. Equity-oriented 
multi-strategy manager SummitTX, based in Fort Worth, 
Texas, is nearing $3.5 billion of assets.
Point72 Asset Management  recently picked up an ana -
lyst specializing in the shares of technology, media and 
telecommunications companies. Sean Grant  signed on 
at the multi-strategy manager this month from Balyasny 
Asset Management , where he was an analyst. Grant’s 
four-year stretch at Balyasny was preceded by a stint in 
equity research at Evercore. Point72, based in Stamford, 
Conn., had $45.7 billion assets under management at the 
beginning of the year. 
THE  
GRAPEVINE
Grapevine ... From Page 1
