February 25, 2026
1
Bramshill Hires Lazard Alumnus, Staking Him 
$150M to Launch an Emerging-Markets Fund
Bramshill Investments, which has methodically grown into a credit and 
fixed-income force with more than $8 billion under management, is giving a 
$150 million internal investment to a newly hired portfolio manager with an 
extensive background in emerging-markets strategies.
The hire last week of Arif Joshi, former co-head of the emerging-mar -
kets debt business at Lazard Asset Management , allows access to the next 
frontier in credit investing for Bramshill, which surged from $500 million of 
assets in 2017 to $3.9 billion in 2021 and to $8.2 billion currently.
Joshi, based in New Y ork, is expected to launch a yet-to-be-named Cay -
man Islands-domiciled emerging-markets fund for Bramshill around July. 
The strategy will be similar to the one he ran
A credit-focused portfolio manager 
with experience at big firms includ -
ing Citadel, Ellington Management  
and BTG Pactual  has taken a PM 
role at multi-strategy manager Veri-
tion Fund Management . Addison 
Sherman, who departed Citadel in 
July after more than three years at 
the $66 billion firm, joined Verition 
this month in Norwalk, Conn. Ear -
lier, Sherman was a PM and head of 
systematic credit at Ellington, which 
managed $20 billion overall and $8.7 
billion of hedge fund assets at the 
end of last year. His stay at Elling -
ton followed stops at BTG and BNP 
Paribas. Verition, headquartered 
in Greenwich, started the year with 
$14.4 billion under management.
Portfolio manager  Bruno Paulo Fer -
reira arrived in Schonfeld Strategic 
Advisors’ outpost in Sao Paulo in 
January. Ferreira employs a relative-
value strategy and invests in fixed-
income instruments across Latin 
America for the multi-strategy man -
ager. Prior to Schonfeld, he was a PM 
FEBRUARY 25, 2026
THE  
GRAPEVINE After Years of Poor Returns, Healthcare 
Manager Iron Triangle Poised to Shutter
Healthcare-focused hedge fund operator Iron Triangle Partners, led by 
a former Jana Partners and Millennium Management portfolio manager, 
appears to be shutting down after seven years.
It’s not clear if the Cos Cob, Conn., operation has already begun return -
ing money to investors or if it must first unwind its positions, but a source 
familiar with the firm’s stance said the decision to close had been made. Iron 
Triangle managed $861 million on Dec. 31. 
As of the firm’s most recent Form ADV filing on March 31 of last year, Iron 
Triangle also was a subadvisor for multi-strategy manager Walleye Capital 
and for equity-focused multi-manager North Rock Capital, a subsidiary of 
Lighthouse Group. It couldn’t be learned if those
Amid AI’s Advance, Industry Pros Band 
Together to Avoid Legal, Compliance Pitfalls
A broad swath of industry participants – including attorneys, former reg-
ulators, chief technology officers and chief investment officers – is putting 
together what it hopes will be a standardized reference guide to help hedge 
fund firms sidestep compliance landmines as they race to build in-house 
artificial intelligence tools.
Financial-technology vendor Menos AI, for instance,  in collaboration 
with a variety of industry professionals, is helping to coordinate efforts 
to draft and review a framework it hopes to publish formally around July. 
Dubbed “ Asset Management AI Transformation Guide 2026, ” the reference 
is geared to assist general counsels and compliance officers.
How does a firm deploy in-house AI while See GRAPEVINE on Back Page
2 Peak6, Family Office Alum Readying HF
2 LPs Sought for Biotech Fund Carve-Out
3 Equity FOF Shop Extends Gains in 2025
4 New Holland’s Budding Unit Adds PMs
7 Korea Stock Strategies Continue to Pop
7 LATEST LAUNCHES
 See BRAMSHILL on Page 5
 See IRON TRIANGLE on Page 5
 See AI GUIDE on Page 6
February 25, 2026
2
Peak6, Family Office Alum Readying HF
An investment professional with experience as a portfo-
lio manager at a $2 billion family office and as an analyst at 
market-maker Peak6 Investments is standing up his own 
hedge fund operation, with plans to launch a long/short 
equity fund early next month.
Steven Levinson’s Whist Capital has lined up commit-
ments of unknown size from several single-family offices 
for its debut fundamental equities strategy, which will 
operate with options and event-driven overlays within the 
consumer-discretionary and financials sectors.
Levinson previously deployed a similar strategy as a 
portfolio manager for an undisclosed venture capitalist’s 
family office and earlier at a firm seeded by a separate 
family office. In between, Levinson was a senior equity 
research analyst covering consumer and financial stocks 
at Peak6, the 29-year-old proprietary-trading shop and 
liquidity provider.
Levinson’s New Y ork firm and fund, Whist Capital 
Partners, will employ fundamental and top-down macro 
analyses to invest long and short in the two sectors, which 
he believes are highly responsive to shifts in investor senti-
ment and macroeconomic conditions and, thus, are pun -
ished when recession fears intensify. 
“Historically, there are far more concerns about impend-
ing recessions than actual recessions. This dynamic often 
leads investors to front-run consumer and financial stocks 
irrespective of underlying fundamentals, creating market 
inefficiencies and compelling investment opportunities, ” 
Levinson said.
The offering invests in U.S. listed companies of all sizes 
and might also invest opportunistically in other sectors. 
Whist’s long book will target companies whose stock 
prices are depressed due to “misunderstood or overlooked 
structural or behavioral biases” but for whom the firm has 
identified favorable catalysts. On the short side, Whist is 
hunting mispriced stocks vulnerable to negative catalysts. 
The firm, which will deploy a derivatives overlay 
designed to minimize volatility and boost returns, aims to 
generate annualized performance of at least 15% to 20% 
and a Sharpe ratio of greater than 2.
Levinson’s tenure at Peak6 was sandwiched between 
two stays at the unknown $2 billion family office, where he 
first worked from 2020 to 2021 and rejoined in 2023 before 
leaving in 2024 to pursue his own firm. 
He earlier led 10 West Capital, a fund manager backed 
by a different family office, where he worked for nine years. 
While there, Levinson’s 10 West Capital Growth Fund was 
ranked the top-performing domestic fund in 2019 by 
Bloomberg, with a 152% gross return that year. 
LPs Sought for Biotech Fund Carve-Out
Eagle Health Investments , led by a one-time health -
care sector head at the former Ziff Brothers Investments 
family office, is marketing a long-only carve-out that’s been 
highly profitable for the firm’s sole fund.
The vehicle, Eagle Health Biopharma Long Only 
Onshore Fund, will mirror the firm’s existing biotech and 
pharmaceutical long positions, which have meaningfully 
outperformed Eagle Health’s overall longs, which were up 
a net 24.2% last year.
The firm, which is led by Eagle Health founder and 
investments chief Gary Stern  and which was managing 
$517 million on Jan. 31, currently runs the biotechnology 
and pharmaceutical-focused strategy with partner capi -
tal. The new offering is the first from Eagle Health since 
it launched in 2020, and the firm is in active talks with 
potential investors. It’s aiming next quarter to accept its 
initial external capital in the new fund.
Biotech and pharmaceutical positions currently repre -
sent about half of Eagle Health’s more diversified health-
focused long/short equity fund, which broadly invests in 
companies the firm believes are producing innovative and 
disruptive products in the healthcare sector.
Based in Greenwich, Conn., Eagle Health is essentially 
seeking to upsize its long positions in the biotech and 
pharmaceutical sectors, and the firm believes it has sub -
stantial capacity to deploy more capital before it would 
suppress returns in its main fund. The performance of 
Eagle Health’s biotech and pharmaceutical long positions 
alone isn’t known.
Stern worked for Ziff Brothers until the three siblings 
who funded that multi-billion-dollar family office decided 
to disband it in 2014. At that point, Stern set up a family 
office for one of the brothers, Dirk Ziff. Stern was a partner 
and chief investment officer of that operation, Ziff Capital, 
until 2019, when he began setting up Eagle Health.
When Stern launched Eagle Health Investments Master 
Fund in August 2020, he did so with less than $100 million 
of investor commitments. Now, with about five and a half 
years of returns under its belt,  See EAGLE HEALTH on Page 3
“Historically, there are far more 
concerns about impending 
recessions than actual reces -
sions. This dynamic often leads 
investors to front-run consumer 
and financial stocks irrespective 
of underlying fundamentals.”
Steven Levinson, Whist Capital founder
February 25, 2026
3
the firm has grown substantially and has had almost no 
staff turnover.
Eagle Health’s existing fund has produced an annualized 
gain of 8.4% through yearend. That’s a touch lower than 
the HFRI Equity Hedge Sector Healthcare Index, which 
generated a 9.8% annualized return over the same period.
Eagle Health has outperformed the index by double-
digit percentage points twice: in 2022, when the index lost 
12.9%, and in 2024, when Eagle Health gained 18.2%. Last 
year, the index substantially outpaced Eagle Health’s fund, 
with the HFRI measure rising 33.9%. Eagle Health’s fund 
gained 10.8%.
A Feb. 6 letter that Eagle Health shared with investors 
said the firm is looking this year to deploy capital to areas 
including emerging blockbuster therapies, what the firm 
calls next-generation therapies such as individually tai -
lored medicines, and next-generation diagnostics.
Eagle Health wrote that the key reasons for the planned 
new fund include its strong performance through the bio-
technology and pharmaceutical sector’s “most prolonged 
bear markets, ” the firm’s ability to make investments while 
relying on its existing research infrastructure and activi -
ties, and a compelling set of potential investments. (The 
Nasdaq Biotechnology Index hit a peak in September 2021 
but then slumped and finally surpassed its high-water 
mark in November, even though the index was down in 
the second half of last year. It’s since been on a streak.)
“The continued disconnect between accelerating sci -
entific advancement and market appreciation for quality 
innovators creates a rich opportunity set for a concen -
trated long-only strategy focused on our highest-convic -
tion ideas, ” the firm said in the Feb. 6 letter.
Other key staffers at Eagle Health include chief operat -
ing officer Michelle Dea, who arrived in 2020 from Bank 
of America,  and managing director Patrick Saunders,  
who joined the same year from D.E. Shaw. In 2021, direc-
tor Gaurav Kumar came aboard, also from D.E. Shaw, 
while Eagle Health’s head of portfolio risk and analytics, 
James Kim, also started that year, having last worked at 
FIS. Analyst Xu Zou joined in 2023 from Barclays, and in 
2024 investment analyst Nikita Garg was hired from J.P . 
Morgan.
Stern got his start as an analyst at Goldman Sachs. 
Equity FOF Shop Extends Gains in 2025
Fundamental equity-focused fund-of-hedge-funds 
manager Waldman Capital just turned in its third straight 
double-digit annual return.
While that performance – 18.7% last year, 21.1% in 
2024 and 15.2% in 2023 – lagged that of the S&P 500 
Total Return Index over those three years, the firm beat 
the index’s 17.9% rise last year. And its 18.4% annualized 
return over that three-year stretch outperformed that of 
the With Intelligence Long/Short Equity Asset Weighted 
Index by 6.4 percentage points. 
While Waldman had an underlying net exposure in the 
mid-60s, the long-only S&P 500 index had an annualized 
return of 23% over the same period.
Waldman Capital, which manages about $50 million, is 
led by founder Neil Waldman. The firm runs a concen -
trated portfolio that was invested in 10 underlying hedge 
funds at yearend and that specializes in deep dives on 
manager investment approaches. As a result of the fund-
of-fund manager’s multi-year stretch of outperformance 
over the average equity hedge fund, the Delray Beach, Fla., 
firm is now well over a previous high-water mark that it fell 
beneath during a drawdown in 2021 and 2022.
According to Waldman Capital’s 2025 yearend letter, 
sent to investors on Feb. 15, its profits were driven by busi-
nesses benefiting from artificial-intelligence innovations, 
by fast-growing biotechnology companies and by stock 
runups tied to the value of precious metals. 
While the firm’s underlying funds had meaningful expo-
sure to those three areas last year, Neil Waldman wrote, 
its funds also have exposure to small- and mid-cap securi-
ties that were outside the AI narrative and that the firm 
believes will perform well this year.
“Quite a few of these companies are trading at discounts 
to the market and steep discounts to their historical average 
while their underlying businesses are still performing as 
expected and their fundamental outlooks remain bright, ” 
Waldman wrote. “Many of our underlying managers have 
meaningful exposure to these types of investments, which 
I suspect will be a source of returns for WCM [Waldman 
Capital Management] in 2026. ”
Neil Waldman, who is now approaching 20 years of 
managing his firm on a full-time basis, also noted that 
after tracking the long-term performance of more than 500 
funds during that time, he’s found that “even for the most 
talented managers, great multiyear stretches are often fol -
lowed by years of lackluster or terrible performance. The 
inverse is also true where years of mediocre (or worse) 
returns can be followed by a string of exceptional years. ”
For 65 talented managers that his firm has tracked, 
Waldman wrote that he charted their performance and 
highlighted multi-year stretches of positive performance 
in green and deep drawdowns or just “mediocrity” in red. 
“The visual is striking – nearly every manager, even 
the most skilled, has substantial stretches of both colors, ” 
Waldman wrote. “While some may review this data and 
say this is common sense, I can confidently confirm com-
mon sense is often in short supply when timing the hiring 
and firing of managers. What looks like a shrewd alloca -
tion decision, in hindsight, is often simply patience – the 
ride was undoubtedly bumpy along the way. Conversely, 
initiating an investment with managers because they have 
a hot-hand can (and often does) end in disappointment. ”
This, Waldman said, illustrates 
Eagle Health... From Page 2
 See WALDMAN on Page 4
February 25, 2026
4
that “chasing returns is not a recipe for success. When fac-
tors have gone wildly against a fund manager you other -
wise believe to be excellent, that is generally a time when 
you should invest more money. Unfortunately, this is easier 
said than done and investors often do the opposite. ”
In addition to Waldman Capital’s funds operation, the 
firm also runs a larger consulting business focused on 
client exposure to fundamental equity hedge funds. Neil 
Waldman formed Waldman Capital in 2008. 
He previously was a senior research analyst for both 
Wooster Capital and Fortress Investment. According to 
the February letter, Leon Cooperman – the  founder of 
Omega Advisors, which has since converted to a family 
office – is an investor in the Waldman fund. 
New Holland’s Budding Unit Adds PMs
The roster of key investment professionals at New 
Amsterdam Principal Strategies  is quickly taking shape 
ahead of its plan to begin trading in March.
The startup, a wholly owned subsidiary of New Hol -
land Capital , now has four investment pros on board, 
along with two executives to handle risk management. 
The unit intends to employ a total of eight to 10 equity 
portfolio managers to run separate books within a single 
fund. The amount of day-one capital couldn’t be learned.
Leading New Amsterdam, based in Stamford, Conn., 
are two industry veterans: John Gisondi,  who serves 
as chief investment officer, and Mark Walker, the chief 
executive.
Sid Sandilya,  an industrials specialist, joined as a 
portfolio manager in early February from Jefferies 
Group, where he was an institutional equities strategist. 
John London,  who arrived in January after last working 
at now-shuttered Eisler Capital , will run a merger-arbi -
trage portfolio. John Giordano,  London’s longtime ana-
lyst, followed him to New Amsterdam.
A third portfolio manager, Sean Gambino,  will run a 
consumer book via a separate account on behalf of New 
Amsterdam, though he will continue to operate his own 
hedge fund operation, Baypointe Partners . 
Matthieu Bonfils  is expected to arrive at the end of 
February to fill the role of senior risk officer. He previ -
ously was at SummitTX Capital , where he was deputy 
chief risk officer. Quantitative-investment specialist Sid 
Browne, meanwhile, will work as a senior risk advisor to 
New Amsterdam. Browne most recently was a managing 
director at Credit Suisse,  leading quantitative research 
and institutional portfolio solutions.
With $6.8 billion under management, New Holland 
deploys capital to unaffiliated managers including Extant 
Capital, Cander Asset Management , Cibra Capital and 
First New Y ork, to name a few. New Amsterdam is sepa -
rate from Plum Island Partners, a New Holland unit that 
employs about 10 managers who run event-driven, credit-
value and commodities strategies.
New Amsterdam is offering its PMs equity ownership 
and portable track records should they choose to leave. 
It’s also allowing them to raise money from additional 
investors. 
One catch: New Amsterdam is making it a point to 
attract managers who are within its principals’ profes -
sional circle, a mandate that avoids reliance on expensive 
recruiters, eases the due-diligence burden and fosters col -
laboration.
New Amsterdam, which aims to generate 12% to 15% 
annual returns, will deploy no more than 20% of its assets 
to a single portfolio manager.
Prior to his role as New Amsterdam’s CIO, Gisondi was 
president of TOMS Capital Investment Management , a 
fund operation led by Noam Gottesman  following both 
of their departures from GLG Partners.  There, Gisondi 
had served as president and head of hedge fund and long-
only strategies at GLG’s U.S. unit.
Walker, meanwhile, has a history of building hedge 
fund operations and fund-related businesses. Before 
joining New Amsterdam as CEO, he co-founded Bay -
pointe Partners with Gambino, the consumer PM who 
will run money via an SMA. Walker’s resume spans 30 
years in hedge funds, including a run as president of 
Crestline Investors’  Crestline Summit unit from Janu -
ary 2017 to December 2023. That was before stepping 
into a senior advisor role and then leaving Crestline in 
early 2025. SummitTX Capital has since become a fully 
independent firm.
Walker’s resume also includes time as co-chief invest -
ment officer and partner at Ranger Investment , and he 
was the chief operating officer and co-founder of BNP 
Paribas’ global relationship-management business.
Sandilya, the new industrials PM, has 28 years’ experi -
ence on Wall Street, including 16 years investing in indus-
trial stocks on behalf of George Weiss Associates and 
managing money at Harvard University’s endowment. 
He also has worked at BlueCrest Capital , Deutsche 
Bank, Saba Capital  and Goldman Sachs.
London, the merger-arb portfolio manager picked up 
from Eisler, has spent time at Highbridge Capital , Hud-
son Bay Capital and Brookfield Asset Management . He 
also co-founded SuttonBrook Capital, a hedge fund firm 
that peaked at $3 billion during its 2002-to-2012 lifespan. 
His analyst, Giordano, has worked with London since 
they met at Highbridge in 1995.
Bonfils, the senior risk officer who worked with Walker 
at Crestline, previously was head of risk for First New 
Y ork from late 2010 to March 2022.
Meanwhile, the other risk-management professional, 
Browne, has served in executive roles at Brevan Howard 
Asset Management , Goldman Sachs and AQR Capital,  
in addition to Credit Suisse. 
Waldman... From Page 3
February 25, 2026
5
Bramshill ... From Page 1
at Lazard, where he invested in sovereign debt and corporate 
debt and managed total return and long-only portfolios.
The Bramshill emerging-markets team by the end of the 
year is likely to number five or so employees, with many of 
the positions filled in-house.
Given Joshi’s emerging-markets background and past 
fundraising success, Bramshill sees a capacity of $6 billion 
to $8 billion for the strategy.
After a bearish stretch from 2015 to 2023 – in part because 
of a strong dollar and skyrocketing “Magnificent 7” U.S. 
technology stocks – Bramshill believes emerging-markets 
strategies are again positioned for a bull run like they saw 
from 2001 to 2014. Valuations in Latin America and Africa 
are currently seen as some of the most attractive.
An October 2024 report by S&P Global,  owner of 
Hedge Fund Alert  parent With Intelligence, predicted 
that emerging markets would have a “crucial role in shap-
ing the global economy over the next decade, ” with their 
projected average 4.06% gross domestic product growth 
increasing at a rate nearly three times the 1.59% average 
for advanced nations.
“By 2035, emerging markets will contribute about 
65% of global economic growth, ” the report stated. “This 
growth will be driven mainly by emerging economies in 
Asia-Pacific, including China, India, Vietnam and the 
Philippines. Also by 2035, India will be cemented as the 
world’s third-largest economy, with Indonesia and Brazil 
ranking eighth and ninth, respectively. ”
Joshi’s emerging-markets investing experience encom-
passes six continents and more than 90 nations. At Lazard, 
he was a managing director and portfolio manager focused 
on emerging-market debt. He co-founded the once-$18 
billion emerging-market business at Lazard in 2010.
Previously, Joshi was a senior vice president at HSBC 
fundamental investing division HSBC Halbis Partners, 
where he served as both a sovereign-investing portfolio 
manager and a corporate analyst. His resume also includes 
a stretch as a vice president at emerging-markets specialist 
Atlantic Advisors, where he was a sovereign-debt analyst.
Bramshill, originally based in the New Y ork City region 
and now headquartered in Naples, Fla., has systematically 
grown its footprint since it was co-founded in 2012 by for-
mer GLG Partners portfolio manager Art DeGaetano.
In 2018, senior managing director Paul van Lingen  
began managing the firm’s securitized products strategies. 
His team is based in Newport Beach, Calif.
“I was tracking the growth of Bramshill over time, ” said 
Joshi, who has known DeGaetano for years. “It has been a 
great success story in fixed income. ”
Bramshill’s longest-running strategy, dating to DeGaeta-
no’s time at GLG, is its 17-year-old Bramshill Income Per-
formance Strategy. The strategy has had a cumulative gain 
of 155%, more than doubling the Bloomberg US Aggregate 
Index return of about 62% during that period.
Half of Bramshill’s assets are in separate accounts.
Bramshill’s most recent launch, three years ago, was a 
securitized-products offering, the Bramshill Multi Strat -
egy Income Fund. The fund has about $320 million under 
management and has gained about 31% on a cumulative 
basis, or a 10.2% annualized net internal rate of return. 
Iron Triangle ... From Page 1
relationships remain in place. Iron Triangle didn’t respond 
to inquiries by phone and email.
The move to shutter follows years of underperformance. 
Iron Triangle’s sole offering produced just a single full year 
of double-digit returns, hitting 26% in 2020, though that 
figure still trailed a widely cited healthcare equity bench -
mark by 900 bps. And in a major miss in 2025, when 
healthcare hedge funds soared, Iron Triangle suffered its 
worst year, losing 1.5%.
Iron Triangle’s founder, Kevin Molloy, has had a good 
reputation in the hedge fund business. He worked at Jana 
from 2016 to 2019 and before then was employed for more 
than eight years at Millennium, where he was a PM on a 
team operating under the Decade Capital brand.
Iron Triangle has employed a diversified healthcare strat-
egy, not one focused only on high-flying but potentially 
riskier biotechnology stocks. Additionally, the firm has run 
with a low net exposure – just 11.9% at the end of last year.
Even so, as measured against its hedge fund peers via 
the HFRI Equity Hedge Sector Healthcare Index, the firm 
has fared poorly. From its launch in June 2019 through the 
end of last year, the U.S.-domiciled version of its fund pro-
duced an annualized return of 6.5%. That’s less than two 
thirds of the 10.7% annualized gain of the HFRI index over 
the same period. 
And since its big year in 2020, when it narrowly trailed 
the HFRI benchmark, Iron Triangle’s annualized return 
has been just 2.2%, while the index has gained 6.6% on an 
annualized basis.
While it couldn’t be learned what specifically led to Iron 
Triangle’s decision to unwind, the firm acknowledged in 
a third-quarter performance summary that navigating its 
equity sector had been difficult. 
At the time, Iron Triangle’s fund was down 5.3% on the 
year. That figure trailed the State Street Health Care Sector 
SPDR exchange-traded fund by 6.7 percentage points, the 
Russell 2000 Healthcare index by 13.1 percentage points 
and the State Street SPDR S&P Biotech ETF by 16.8 per -
centage points.
“We see reasons for optimism in our space after years of 
tough sledding, ” the firm wrote.
The update said Congress’ passage of President Donald 
Trump’s so-called Big Beautiful Bill had “brought more 
certainty to our investment universe and enabled us to 
underwrite both longs and shorts with more confidence. ”
In addition, the update noted,  See IRON TRIANGLE on Page 6
February 25, 2026
6
the Trump administration was nearing final resolution on 
pharmaceutical tariffs and pricing measures, a development 
that was leading biopharmaceutical companies to ratchet up 
spending on drug development and production.
“This recovery has meaningful implications across our 
universe, ” Iron Triangle said. “The number of potentially 
investable longs in our universe is materially larger than it 
was in February. We believe this in turn should translate to 
a better return environment for the strategy. ”
While many healthcare managers did see an enormous 
boost in the second half, particularly in the more narrow 
biotech sector, Iron Triangle’s recovery – including jumps 
of 2.4% in July and 3.1% in November – wasn’t enough to 
reverse earlier 2025 losses.
The third-quarter investor letter roughly coincided with 
the departures of two investment staffers who’ d each been 
with Iron Triangle for five or more years.
Tyler Harris, an analyst who started with the firm in 
early 2019 and who was named a partner in 2024, moved 
to Citadel unit Citadel Global Equities as a portfolio man-
ager in September. Harris earlier worked at Citadel as an 
associate.
And in November, Iron Triangle analyst Alexander 
Kaufman decamped for Freestone Grove Partners, where 
he likewise focuses on healthcare equities. Kaufman landed 
at Iron Triangle in 2020.
Harris and Kaufman were among five investment pro -
fessionals employed by Iron Triangle when it filed its Form 
ADV in March. That figure now appears to be down to 
three, including PM Damien Nguyen and analyst Conor 
Hogan.
Before Molloy joined Millennium in 2008, he was a 
senior analyst at Oracle Partners  and worked as chief 
operating officer and interim chief executive of Peoples 
Genetics, a company that sought to identify gene muta -
tions leading to illness. Beckman Coulter Life Sciences  
bought that firm in 2003. Molloy earlier worked at Parthe-
non Group. 
AI Guide... From Page 1
satisfying SEC and Finra regulations? What are the legal 
obligations under European regulations such as the Gen -
eral Data Protection Regulation and the EU AI Act? How 
do managers negotiate AI-use rights with financial-market 
data firms such as Bloomberg and Refinitiv? How does a 
fund manager protect confidential and sensitive informa -
tion in shared AI systems?
Those are just some of the practical questions that firms 
face as they ramp up internal AI processes. And it’s a topic 
that increasingly dominates discussions.
At this week’s Global Alts Miami 2026 capital-introduc-
tion conference, co-hosted by iConnections and the Man-
aged Funds Association,  the use of artificial intelligence 
has been repeatedly cited, both in small groups and in 
panel discussions that explored, among other things, AI-
related infrastructure and human-AI interactions. Some 
6,000 people are on hand for the Miami Beach gathering.
Menos AI co-founder William Wu said around 100 
people responded to a Feb. 10 online post  soliciting help 
in reviewing drafts and the proposed final version of the 
guide.
“This is a multi-firm collaborative effort, not vendor 
marketing, ” Wu said. “We have advisory-board commit-
ments from CTOs and CIOs at firms, plus legal/compli -
ance contributions from hedge fund general counsels and 
former SEC enforcement attorneys. ”
He declined to name individual firms represented 
because he did not have their permission, but he said they 
include large global-macro operations, financial institu -
tions, multi-strategy firms, professional associations and 
brand-name consultants.
Hedge fund shops are building what is commonly 
referred to as “native AI infrastructure, ” what promises to 
be a highly useful tool for investment research. But it’s also 
a tool that can be unwieldy and that can present a veritable 
hornet’s nest of compliance complexities. 
The technology allows analysts, for instance, to retrieve 
near-instant answers to queries that draw on a fund firm’s 
institutional knowledge: research reports, compliance bul-
letins, investor communications, email exchanges with 
sellside analysts, communications with counterparties, 
regulatory filings and annual reports.
What’s more, the technology has advanced from tools 
designed to assist hedge fund staff to those where AI 
“agents” coordinate autonomously, presenting more poten-
tial compliance issues. 
“Every firm is solving the same legal, compliance and 
implementation challenges independently, ” Wu said. 
“Progress is slow. … There’s no shared industry reference 
for ‘what does compliant AI deployment look like?’”
What happens when a firm indexes in its AI repository its 
inbound communications that include personal data with-
out consent from the source? What about subscriptions?
A fund manager can spend up to $5 million a year on 
sellside research, according to Menos AI, which is based in 
San Jose, Calif. A research report kept in a firm’s AI reposi-
tory potentially opens the firm to copyright and contract 
liability issues.
How much is AI-generated content that is transmitted 
via email, or is used in a presentation, open for scrutiny 
under SEC regulations that require firms to preserve their 
communications?
“I think overall this will be very good for the hedge fund 
community, ” Wu said. “We can form a consensus on the 
checklist for how you implement AI. ”
To become involved, industry participants can click 
on the QR code at the bottom of Wu’s essay, which can be 
found here: https://bit.ly/40svN1b. 
Iron Triangle... From Page 5
February 25, 2026
7
Korea Stock Strategies Continue to Pop
Emblematic of the skyrocketing growth in Asia stocks, 
two Sparx Asset Management Korea equity strategies that 
approached triple-digit gains last year continued their pace 
through the first month of 2026.
The Asia investor’s Korea Next Growth strategy, which 
seeks “companies that could lead to the next growth for 
Korea, ” was up 26.2% in January following a gain of 97.3% 
in 2025.
The strategy, which includes the Milltrust Sparx Korea 
Equity Fund, has delivered a 19.9% annualized gain since 
inception in February 2020. That topped the 12.7% annu -
alized gain during that period for the MSCI Korea Index, 
which was up a similarly heady 97% in 2025 and 27.8% last 
month.
Korea Next Growth typically has fewer than 50 positions, 
holding them for up to three years.
Sparx Asset Management’s Korea Focus All Cap strategy, 
which invests in businesses positioned to increase in value 
over the next one to two years because of a “business tail -
wind with visible catalyst, ” followed up its 93.1% gain in 
2025 with a 17.5% jump in January. It had a 27.15% annu-
alized gain since it was launched by Tokyo-based Sparx in 
March 2023, trailing the 30.65% increase of the MSCI Korea 
Index during that stretch.
The Korea Focus All Cap portfolio generally includes 20 
to 30 positions.
Top holdings in both Sparx portfolios as of Jan. 30 
included semiconductor company SK hynix and petroleum 
refining business HD Hyundai.
The timing of the strong numbers could prove fortuitous, 
as Sparx Korea chief investment officer Hak Kim and his 
team are scheduled to meet with prospective investors in the 
U.S. and Canada from March 16 to March 27.
Founded in 1989, Sparx also runs Japan and India-
focused strategies and had $10.9 billion under management 
in September.
Asia funds in general enjoyed a banner year in 2025, 
boosted by artificial intelligence-related semiconductor 
stocks and investor-friendly government reforms in South 
Korea and Japan.
Among the 201 hedge fund indexes tracked by Hedge 
Fund Alert parent With Intelligence in 2025, five of the top 
six were Asia-focused, led by the 31% gain of the With Intel-
ligence Greater China Equities Hedge Fund Index. 
  LATEST LAUNCHES
Fund Portfolio Managers Strategy Service Providers Launch Equity at  
Launch (MIL.)
(Unidentified)
Domicile: Cayman Islands
(See Page 1)
Arif Joshi
Bramshill Investments,
Naples, Fla.
239-920-7310
info@bramshillinvestments.com
Emerging-markets fund July $150
Whist Capital Partners
Domicile: U.S.
(See Page 2)
Steven Levinson
Whist Capital,
New York
Equity: long/short (consumer 
and financial sectors)
March
www.hedgefundalert.com
Hedge Fund Alert (ISSN: 1530-7832), Copyright 2026, is published weekly by With Intelligence, 41 Madison Avenue, 20th floor, New Y ork 10010. It is illegal to port forward or reproduce the issue or the link, without 
first obtaining permission from Hedge Fund Alert. All issues are watermarked and we routinely monitor forwarding with tracking technology. Copying this publication is in violation of the U.S. Copyright Act (17 
USC 101 et seq.). Violators may be subject to criminal penalties as well as liability for substantial monetary damages, including statutory damages up to $150,000 per infringement, costs and attorney’s fees. 
Howard Kapiloff 
Managing Editor 
917-576-0709 
h.kapiloff@hedgefundalert.com
Mark Mueller 
Editor 
732-939-9801 
m.mueller@hedgefundalert.com
Mike Frassinelli 
Senior Reporter 
973-856-3263 
m.frassinelli@hedgefundalert.com
James Prado Roberts 
Deputy Managing Editor 
732-322-8780  
j.pradoroberts@hedgefundalert.com
Paul McMillan 
Editor-in-Chief, With Intelligence 
646-891-2118 
paul.mcmillan@withintelligence.com
Joel Dudden 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
j.dudden@hedgefundalert.com
Adam Wood 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
a.wood@hedgefundalert.com
Marco Calabrese 
Advertising Sales 
732-546-8346 
marco.calabrese@withintelligence.com
Samantha Marcus 
Senior Reporter 
609-819-2384 
s.marcus@hedgefundalert.com
Todd Palmer 
Senior Technical Designer 
+44-20-7832-6500 
todd.palmer@withintelligence.com
Hedge Fund Alert
February 25, 2026
8
and partner at Kapitalo Investimentos . Ferreira’s career 
includes stops at Genoa Capital, Opus Investimentos, 
Itau Asset Management , Maua Capital, Itau Unibanco  
and Banco BBM.  New Y ork-based Schonfeld managed 
more than $17.5 billion at the start of the year.
Asia-focused multi-strategy manager Arrowpoint Invest-
ment has picked up a portfolio manager. Fish Shihao Fu  
joined the Singapore firm in January to run macro rates, 
foreign-exchange and commodities strategies. At South-
ern Ridges Capital , where he worked from 2020 to the 
first quarter of 2025, Fu was a PM focused on emerging-
markets fixed income and foreign exchange. Earlier, he 
spent time at  Nomura, ANZ and Barclays.  Arrowpoint, 
launched in 2024 by former Millennium Management  
Asia co-chief executive Jonathan Xiong,  was managing 
about $1.5 billion at the end of 2025, according to Hedge 
Fund Alert parent With Intelligence.
A credit trader who worked at brand-name firms Cita-
del and AQR Capital has signed on with $3 billion-plus 
quantitative shop Trexquant Investment. Kevin Rauseo  
started this month at the Stamford, Conn., fund manager 
after working at Citadel since 2022. Rauseo spent more 
than 11 years at AQR, where he led a team that traded 
derivatives tied to corporate bonds, following two years 
at Citigroup. Twelve-year-old Trexquant is led by chief 
executive Tyger Park,  a former Millennium Manage -
ment portfolio manager and senior managing director at 
Millennium’s largest portfolio manager, WorldQuant. 
Walleye Capital  has added an associate portfolio man -
ager with a background trading volatility-arbitrage strat -
egies. Dilpreet Singh joined the New Y ork multi-strategy 
firm last month after three years at Millennium Manage -
ment, where he was an equity derivatives trader. Earlier 
stops included Ionic Capital  and Citigroup. Walleye, 
with about $15 billion under management, employs some 
400 people worldwide in five main offices. 
David Witzke’s  Dallas-based family office, Everlong 
Capital, has hired a seasoned operations executive to 
institutionalize the firm’s non-investment activities. 
Brendan Sullivan,  who started last month, last worked at 
Prelude Capital, where he was chief executive of the Asia 
business. He joined Prelude in 2010 and earlier worked 
in accounting and operations at Sterling Stamos Capital  
and was a senior accountant at Goldstein Golub.  Witzke 
formed Everlong last year after leaving his post as chief 
investment officer at healthcare hedge fund manager 
Avidity Partners  at yearend 2024. Witzke co-founded 
Avidity, which launched in 2019 with $750 million. He 
earlier was a portfolio manager at Citadel.
Balyasny Asset Management’s  new equities business, 
New Y ork-based Longaeva Partners , has brought on 
a healthcare specialist as an analyst. Ben Weissman 
joined this month after working in the same capacity at 
Millennium Management  for two years. He departed 
Millennium in October. Weissman earlier worked 
as an analyst at OrbiMed Advisors  and as a senior 
research associate at AllianceBernstein . Chicago-based 
Balyasny, which manages $32 billion, formed Longaeva 
in 2024. The unit, led by former Point72 Asset Manage -
ment portfolio manager Peter Goodwin,  had about 50 
staffers at yearend.
Fundamental-equity investor Interval Partners  picked 
up an investment analyst this month. Daniel Solomon  
joined the New Y ork firm after working in a similar role 
at Walleye Capital, where he spent about 19 months. Sol-
omon previously was a senior equity research associate 
at Evercore, where he focused on retail company stocks. 
Interval, which runs low-net long/short equity strategies, 
had $8.4 billion of gross assets under management at the 
end of 2024. 
Send in any tips for The Grapevine to:
m.mueller@hedgefundalert.com
THE  
GRAPEVINE
Grapevine ... From Page 1
