March 25, 2026
1
Point72’s Cubist Unit Slashes Quant PMs, 
Researchers After 50%-Plus Revenue Fall
Former WorldQuant chief investment officer Geoffrey Lauprete  has 
made one of his first substantive moves as head of Point72 Asset Manage-
ment’s Cubist Systematic Strategies unit, firing six portfolio managers and 
dislocating dozens of other staffers who were either let go or forced to apply 
for other jobs.
News of the departures has emerged as Cubist is down in 2026 and made 
only about $500 million last year. That amount is low for the group and 
amounts to far less than the more than $1 billion it generated in 2024. 
Meanwhile, a decision made just weeks after Lauprete joined Cubist has 
proved expensive.
In October, in order to keep Issam Bazzi, a key 
Point72 Asset Management has parted 
ways with a Singapore-based portfolio 
manager after nearly six years. Brad-
ley Waller’s next move is unknown. 
Waller had been running a discretion-
ary macro book for the big multi-strat-
egy manager since 2020. His exit in the 
past week or so is unrelated to a culling 
of macro and statistical-arbitrage PMs 
within Point72’s Cubist Systematic 
Strategies unit (see story on Page 1). 
Before joining Point72, Waller worked 
in Sydney for both Goldman Sachs, 
where he was an executive director, 
and Deutsche Bank, where he traded 
interest-rate products. Point72, based 
in Stamford, Conn., managed $45.7 
billion in January.
Former LMR Partners portfolio man-
ager Andrew Berger has signed on as a 
PM at Jain Global, where he’s focused 
on mortgage trading within the firm’s 
broader rates and macro business. 
Berger arrived at the New Y ork opera-
tion’s headquarters this month follow-
ing a four-year run at LMR. Berger 
MARCH 25, 2026
THE  
GRAPEVINE Jupiter’s Assets Explode On Demand For First 
Hedge Fund, Long-Running UCITS Vehicle
Jupiter Asset Management’s systematic-equities unit has nearly doubled 
in size to $25 billion under management in little more than a year, driven by 
renewed investor appetite in factor-based strategies and the London opera -
tion’s launch of a souped-up Cayman Islands-domiciled hedge fund aimed at 
North American investors.
Jupiter, founded in 1985, managed $72.6 billion overall at yearend in a 
variety of traditional- and alternative-investment strategies. Its alternative 
strategies are run by the firm’s systematic-equities desk, which was estab -
lished in 2009. Much of the unit’s growth – from $12.4 billion at the begin -
ning of 2025 to about $25 billion at the end of February – has been driven by 
strong retail inflows and increased allocations from
Deutsche Alums Map Debut Credit Fund That 
Touts Granular Knowledge of Europe Markets
A pair of pedigreed investment professionals, who first worked together 
more than two decades ago on a Deutsche Bank distressed-trading team, are 
preparing a fund to take advantage of opportunities in Europe’s fragmented 
credit market.
Leeside Capital Partners, a London firm co-founded last year by former 
Fortress Investment Group co-head of European credit Rahul Ahuja and 
ex-Deutsche European investment bank co-head Gavin Colquhoun, is plan-
ning a third-quarter launch of Leeside Credit Opportunities Feeder Fund, an 
evergreen vehicle with a two-year lockup. The offering will mark its invest -
ments to market monthly, providing transparency at a time when some credit 
funds have been criticized for opacity. See GRAPEVINE on Back Page
2 Kingsland Shutters; Founder Joins Seelaus
2 Crypto Prop-Trading Team to Debut HF
3 Centiva Bolsters Event-Driven Team
3 Industrials-Related Fund Still Rolling
6 Judge: No Liability in Ex-Partners’ Suit
4 PENSION PLAN CONSULTANTS
9 LATEST LAUNCHES
 See CUBIST on Page 7
 See JUPITER on Page 7
 See LEESIDE on Page 8
March 25, 2026
2
Kingsland Shutters; Founder Joins Seelaus
Veteran growth-stock investor Arthur Weise is unwind-
ing his own firm after more than seven years and has joined 
woman-owned fund shop Seelaus Asset Management.
Weise, the founder and chief investment officer of 
Kingsland Investments, signed on last month as an equity 
portfolio manager at $1.7 billion Seelaus, which specializes 
in fixed-income and equity strategies. Seelaus Asset Man -
agement is a subsidiary of broker-dealer R. Seelaus & Co. 
The Seelaus roster of funds includes Navesink River 
Partners, which follows a growth-stock strategy and which 
is one of at least four hedge funds managed by the firm, 
according to its most recent Form ADV filing in March of 
last year.
The move reunites Weise with Seelaus Asset Manage -
ment chief investment officer Andrew Khatri,  a part -
ner and director of global fixed-income trading at Lord 
Abbett at the same time Weise was a partner who man -
aged growth-stock portfolios for that firm. Khatri became 
CIO of Seelaus Asset Management, headquartered in Cha-
tham, N.J., in June 2024.
The 15-person asset-management team includes R. 
Seelaus and Co. chief executive Annie Seelaus  and five 
other women – R. Seelaus and Co. chief compliance officer 
Karolina Pajdak, R. Seelaus & Co. chief financial officer 
Mayya Molchan, Seelaus Asset Management investment 
advisor Mary Parker and Seelaus Asset Management vice 
presidents Siobhain Bouton and Michele Chirico.
Kingsland had $17 million of gross assets under man -
agement at yearend 2024. The firm, in the New Y ork City 
suburb of Mount Kisco, N.Y ., formed in October 2018 
and was named Kingsland Growth Advisors until January 
2022.
Kingsland ran growth-equity strategies – typically 
including technology-focused businesses – in custom -
ized portfolios of $500,000 and up for wealthy individuals, 
families, institutional investors and other registered invest-
ment advisors.
Weise, whose middle name is Kingsland, has more than 
three decades of Wall Street experience.
Prior to starting his firm, he spent more than 10 years 
at Lord Abbett, managing growth-equity portfolios that 
encompassed a full range of market capitalizations. Weise 
earlier managed a small- and mid-cap growth portfolio 
at Bank of New Y ork Mellon and spent time at Trainer 
Wortham as well as at UBS by way of its acquisition of 
Dillon Read Capital.
Weise’s opinion on growth-stock trends has been sought 
by national business media, and he also expressed his 
thoughts in a monthly newsletter report for Kingsland.
In his most recent report on Feb. 2, Weise voiced con -
cerns over the impacts of geopolitical shifts and AI on 
financial markets.
“We believe that the disruptive forces of a new world 
order led by the United States threatening to dissolve 
NATO in conjunction with the disruptive forces of Arti -
ficial Intelligence have led to mass market confusion, and 
more chasing than at any time since the disruption caused 
by the emergence of the internet at the end of the last cen-
tury, ” Weise wrote.
As was the case during the 2000 technology bubble, 
Weise added, “wild enthusiasm for the ‘new’ led many to 
pile out of what they considered vulnerable areas, espe -
cially retail. As is always the case with the adoption of new 
technology, the market often gets it wrong. ”
The S&P 500 Growth index was down 2.9% for the first 
two months of this year following gains of 22.2% in 2025, 
36.1% in 2024 and 30% in 2023. 
Crypto Prop-Trading Team to Debut HF
Three Walden Bridge Capital alumni are raising money 
for a hedge fund based on a digital-asset strategy they’ve 
been running with proprietary capital since spinning the 
strategy out from Walden Bridge in late 2021.
FF Digital Management’s fund, slated for launch some-
time in 2026, is expected to deploy a highly concentrated, 
fundamentally driven liquid-token strategy that partners 
Adam Rabushka,  Colin Porter  and Ricky Leme  have 
been managing with their own money. The strategy’s per-
formance couldn’t be learned.
The Chicago firm is believed to be targeting a wide swath 
of investors, including family offices, registered investment 
advisors, funds of funds and wealthy individuals. Its fund 
is expected to be somewhat capacity constrained given the 
tighter liquidity outside of the 10 or so largest digital assets 
by market capitalization.
FF Digital Fund 1 will invest in a small number of tokens, 
typically three to six, tied to on-chain financial protocols, 
such as exchanges, prediction markets, lending/borrowing 
operations and stablecoins. The fund employs bottom-up 
analysis in its token selection but also incorporates broader 
market considerations to inform its active position-sizing 
and cash-management strategy.
FF Digital invests with a horizon of one to two years and 
locks up capital for five years.
The firm’s partners developed the strategy while at cryp-
tocurrency-focused Walden Bridge, where Rabushka and 
Porter were partners and co-heads of research. Leme was 
a research analyst. They spun off the strategy, launched in 
September 2020, from the Walden Bridge umbrella at the 
end of the following year.
Rabushka spent about 16 months at Walden Bridge. He 
got his start as an analyst researching long/short equity 
hedge funds at $91 billion GCM Grosvenor and later spent 
time at Chicago family office KF Partners , researching 
hedge funds and private equity vehicles.
Porter earlier worked as an associate at Evanston Cap-
ital, a $4.5 billion fund-of-funds manager, and Cedar 
Capital. 
March 25, 2026
3
Centiva Bolsters Event-Driven Team
Multi-strategy shop Centiva Capital has made a second 
significant hire in the event-driven space since the start of 
the year.
Jeffrey Russo,  a veteran event-driven and arbitrage 
portfolio manager whose experience spans both discre -
tionary and systematic approaches, is expected to begin 
working in Centiva’s New Y ork headquarters on or about 
April 1. It’s believed he’ll hire a team to support his strategy 
after an initial settling-in period.
Russo will report to Andrew Bogart, who was brought 
on in January as global head of event-driven strategies 
after six years at Millennium Management. Bogart’s title 
at Millennium was global head of event-driven advisory 
for equities.
Russo’s hire brings an additional 30-plus years of experi-
ence to Centiva. He arrives from $10 billion Squarepoint 
Capital, where he focused on merger arbitrage and spe -
cial situations, along with the knock-on effects of deals and 
developments on indexes.
Previously, he worked as a senior PM at index-rebalanc-
ing specialist Ergoteles Capital, which shut down in 2023 
as interest in the crowded strategy waned . Russo also had 
substantial tenures at Stone Toro Asset Management,  a 
firm he co-founded; BlackRock, where he helped oversee a 
sizable trading book during a decade-long stay; and Bank-
ers Trust and State Street.
Centiva is among the smaller multi-strategy shops, with 
$2.6 billion under management at yearend. It was formed 
in 2016 by chief investment officer Edward McBride, who 
climbed the ranks at RBC Capital Markets  over 17-plus 
years to become head trader and co-manager of the global 
arbitrage and trading division, and deputy CIO Karim 
Abbadi, a former Deutsche Bank executive who led the 
index arbitrage business there.
Centiva gained 3.8% in the first two months of 2026. 
Industrials-Related Fund Still Rolling
Ocean Park Investments  continues to outshine many 
of its peers, beating an industry benchmark in the first two 
months of the year after a similar showing in 2025 and out-
pacing equity-focused multi-strategy shops.
The firm’s sole vehicle, Ocean Park Omaha Dislocation 
Fund, gained 3.5% through the end of February, topping 
the 3.1% return posted by the HFRX Equity Hedge Index 
in the same period. The performance follows strong results 
last year, when the vehicle climbed 22.7%, more than dou-
ble the benchmark’s 10.1% increase.
Omaha has generated double-digit annual gains since 
2023, when Ocean Park, founded in 2016, merged a low-
net strategy with a long-bias approach  that drew investor 
skepticism and redemptions.
In addition, Omaha’s 2025 performance ranked near the 
top of a group of equity-emphasizing multi-strategy funds 
whose performance last year ranged from a negative 14% 
to a positive 28%, according to a letter Ocean Park sent to 
investors this month. The letter did not name the multi-
strategy funds but cited a Bloomberg article as the source 
of performance information. 
Ocean Park, based in Stamford, Conn., is a value-ori -
ented equity manager focused on industrial-related stocks 
in North America and Western Europe. It manages under 
$50 million.
Led by founder and chief investment officer  J. Den -
nis Jean-Jacques, the firm began an ambitious fundrais -
ing effort in June with the goal of raising $500 million. 
That effort is said to have been considerably hampered by 
Ocean Park’s deliberate decision to avoid setting up sepa-
rate accounts on behalf of investors. SMAs have increas -
ingly become the investment method of choice for some 
allocators, though the customization required can place a 
strain on firms.
Before forming Ocean Park, Jean-Jacques was a portfo-
lio manager at multi-strategy shop Verition Fund Man-
agement, where he ran a low-net, catalyst-driven portfolio. 
His resume includes a stint as an investor in the public 
equities division at Olayan Investment and roles at Indus 
Capital and Basso Capital. He also served as an apprentice 
to famed value investor Michael Price at Mutual Shares.
Ocean Park describes its fund to investors as a risk-dis-
ciplined offering that seeks to protect capital while com -
pounding returns but that will pounce on opportunities 
presented by temporary market dislocations that result in 
mispriced shares.
Like many of its peers, the firm is incorporating artifi -
cial-intelligence tools into its research.
“While still early, we are beginning to see the mean -
ingful benefits from this work, ” Jean-Jacques wrote in his 
letter. He added that the firm will continue to rely on its 
fundamental equity investment process, but data gather -
ing, screening and preliminary analysis are activities that 
AI agents can perform efficiently as long as Ocean Park’s 
investment team verifies the work. 
Decision-Makers
Scour This Space
Do you sell products or services to the alternative-
investment community?
Take dead aim at your target market by advertising 
in Hedge Fund Alert, which is devoured each week by 
decision-makers in the business.
For more information, contact Marco Calabrese  at  
732-546-8346 or marco.calabrese@withintelligence.com.
March 25, 2026
4
PENSION PLAN CONSULTANTS
Company Contact The Skinny
Aksia 
New York
Patrick Adelsbach 
212-710-5710 
patrick.adelsbach@aksia.com
A specialist research and portfolio advisory firm, Aksia and its subsidiaries 
advise on more than $364 billion of client alternative allocations. Aksia employs 
more than 430 professionals organized into specialist teams, including 170-
plus alternatives specialists. The firm is headquartered in New York with offices 
in San Diego, London, Tokyo, Chicago, Hong Kong and Athens, Greece.
Albourne Partners
London
David Harmston 
203-299-4400 
d.harmston@albourne.com
Independently owned global consultant offering 100% non-discretionary advice 
on alternative investments. Albourne employs 600 people, with more than 400 
analysts covering hedge funds and private markets, and provides a customized 
service to more than 350 clients on more than $750 billion of alternative 
investments. U.S. clients include Teacher Retirement System of Texas and the 
Regents of the University of California.
Aon Investments USA
Chicago
Allen Cheng 
212-479-4059 
allen.cheng@aon.com
Aon Investments is a global investment firm with practices in North America, 
Europe and Asia. The firm services both outsourced chief-investment-officer 
and advisory clients with about $34 billion of hedge funds and liquid-alternative 
investment assets. The firm’s hedge fund investment team helps clients 
incorporate hedge funds, alternative credit, insurance-linked securities and 
other opportunistic strategies into investment portfolios.
Asset Consulting Group
St. Louis
Tom Janisch
314-862-4848
tom.janisch@acgnet.com
Advises on more than $200 billion of traditional and alternative investments, a 
figure that gives it leverage to negotiate lower fees and investment minimums 
and terms and obtain access to investment strategies that might otherwise be 
inaccessible to clients. Founded in 1989, the firm employs 49 people, of whom 
23 are chartered financial analysts.
Callan
San Francisco
Joe McGuane
312-551-1333
mcguane@callan.com
Employs more than 200 including 55-plus researchers on behalf of 475-
plus institutional investor clients representing more than $3 trillion in assets. 
Alternatives team, led by Pete Keliuotis, provides non-discretionary consulting 
services covering education, investment policy, asset allocation, manager 
search and portfolio evaluation. The firm advises on fund-of-funds and direct 
hedge fund allocations.
Cambridge Associates
Boston
Investor inquiries:
www.cambridgeassociates.com/
managers
Global investment firm headquartered in Boston with 14 offices, including 
outposts in London, Munich, Dubai, Zurich, Milan, Hong Kong, Beijing, Singapore 
and Sydney. Acts as an outsourced chief investment officer or oversees 
non-discretionary mandates for more than 1,000 pensions, endowments, 
foundations, healthcare systems and private clients. Had $667 billion of assets 
under advisement as of March 31, 2025, including $102 billion invested in 
hedge funds. Has more than 300 senior investment professionals.
Captrust 
Raleigh
Kevin Van Buskirk 
312-506-1110
kevin.vanbuskirk@captrust.com
With 1,800 employees across 90 locations nationwide, Captrust has more 
than $1 trillion of total client assets, including more than $330 billion in 
assets under management as of March 1, 2026.
Cliffwater
Marina del Rey, Calif.
Rob Campion
972-330-6985
rcampion@cliffwater.com
Advises institutional investors on hedge funds and other alternative 
investments. As of Feb 28, 2026, oversaw $69.6 billion in combined assets 
under advisement and under management (which includes its interval funds, 
separate from discretionary capital managed on behalf of advisory clients). 
Rather than funds of funds, prefers direct investments in single-manager funds, 
including long/short equity, event-driven, macro and multi-strategy vehicles.
Firms Advising Institutional Clients on Hedge Fund Investments
 See PENSION PLAN CONSULTANTS on Page 5
March 25, 2026
5
Company Contact The Skinny
Fund Evaluation Group 
Cincinnati
Kevin Conroy
513-977-4400
kconroy@feg.com
FEG had 140 employees as of Jan. 1, 2026, and approximately $100.4 billion of 
assets under advisement as of Sept. 30, 2025, including both non-discretionary 
consulting and discretionary allocations for hedge funds and funds of funds. 
Works with more than 300 endowments, foundations, insurers and pensions, 
with some allocating 40% or more to alternative investments. The employee-
owned firm also has offices in Dallas and Indianapolis.
Gallagher Fiduciary Advisors
Washington D.C.
Bart Burkhart
630-285-3722
bart_burkhart@ajg.com
Investment and consulting practice of publicly traded Arthur J. Gallagher & 
Co. Offers discretionary and non-discretionary services covering a wide range 
of investments. Acts as independent fiduciary for particular assets to cure 
ERISA conflicts of interest. Clients include public pensions, single- and multi-
employer retirement funds, nonprofits, healthcare institutions, endowments 
and foundations. Investment-consulting client assets, including $11.9 billion of 
discretionary assets, totaled $214 billion as of June 30, 2025.
LCG Associates
Atlanta
Adam Laubacker
770-644-0100
alaubacker@lcgassociates.com
Advises corporations, utilities, endowments, nonprofits, family offices, 
foundations and other institutional investors on $107 billion of assets. Also 
oversees more than $2 billion in outsourced chief-investment-officer services. 
Founded in 1973, employee-owned firm has staff of 55. Has additional offices 
in Dallas and Seattle.
Meketa Investment Group
Westwood, Mass.
Zachary Driscoll
781-471-3500
zdriscoll@meketa.com
Full-service investment consulting and advisory firm advises on $2.8 trillion of 
discretionary and non-discretionary mandates for roughly 260 institutional investors. 
Clients have $40 billion allocated to hedge fund and liquid-alternative strategies. 
Has a staff of approximately 250, with more than 170 investment professionals, in 
offices in the U.S. and one in London. The employee-owned firm added one new 
principal in February and now has 70 shareholders.
Mercer Investments
St. Louis
John Jackson
314-258-6563
john.jackson@mercer.com
Mercer, part of Marsh (known until earlier this year as Marsh McLennan), had 
$26 billion of institutional hedge fund assets under advisory as of June 30, 
2025. Mercer was also managing an additional $11 billion of hedge fund assets 
on a discretionary basis as of the same date. Mercer employs a team of 35 
dedicated hedge fund specialists globally. John Jackson oversees hedge fund 
manager research and due diligence, with Dave McMillan and Stephen Ewen 
leading Mercer’s hedge fund solutions.
NEPC
Boston
Dulari Pancholi
617-374-1300
dpancholi@nepc.com
Firm has 427 retained clients with $1.9 trillion-plus of assets which include 
more than $300 billion of alternative assets. Maintains a research team of 
more than 70 professionals. Has specialists dedicated to hedge fund categories 
including debt, equity, event-driven, macro and funds of funds. Services run 
from manager search and operational due diligence to portfolio construction 
and implementation. NEPC has employees in 25 states and has an office in 
London. In December 2025, NEPC announced that its chief investment officer, 
Tim McCusker, would take on a new senior position in preparation for chief 
executive Michael Manning’s planned exit from that role in January 2027. 
McCusker will become the new CEO, while Sarah Samuels, the firm’s head of 
manager selection, became CIO in January 2026.
Segal Marco Advisors
New York
Alan Kosan
203-621-3620
akosan@segalmarco.com
Benjamin Patzik 
312-612-8410
bpatzik@segalmarco.com
Unit of human resources and employee benefits firm Segal has combined non-
discretionary advisory and discretionary assets of more than $600 billion. Has 
more than 450 clients, which include public pensions, union pensions, charities 
and high-net-worth individuals. Had a professional staff of 112 as of 2025, 
including 86 who focused on investments.
PENSION PLAN CONSULTANTS
 See PENSION PLAN CONSULTANTS on Page 6
March 25, 2026
6
PENSION PLAN CONSULTANTS
Company Contact The Skinny
Verus
Seattle
Ted Hermann
412-277-2038
thermann@verusinvestments.com
Advises on $1.2 trillion of assets, including $43 billion of hedge funds. In 
February 2026, Verus was acquired by Cerity Partners, which runs $156 billion 
via wealth management and institutional consulting and advisory work. Verus 
offers both non-discretionary consulting and outsourced chief-investment-
officer services. Mandates include accounts for government agencies, Taft-
Hartley clients, endowments, foundations and corporate retirement plans. The 
employee-owned Versus has offices in Seattle, San Francisco, Los Angeles, 
Pittsburgh and Chicago. Cerity’s deal with Verus, one of several announced by 
Cerity in early 2026, was expected to close in the first quarter of 2026. Private 
equity firm Genstar Capital acquired a controlling stake in Cerity in 2022.
Wilshire
Santa Monica, Calif.
Kunjal Shah
212-205-4080
kunjal.shah@wilshire.com
Wilshire counts roughly 300 institutional investors and financial intermediaries 
as its clients and advised on more than $1.6 trillion in assets as of yearend 
2025. That includes $176 billion of managed assets, of which $31 billion are in 
alternative products. In addition to advisory services, Wilshire offers commingled 
funds and runs hedge fund-focused managed accounts. Wilshire was founded in 
1972. In 2023, Wilshire bought hedge fund managed-account firm Lyxor Asset 
Management. Kunjal Shah, Lyxor’s former head of hedge fund research, heads 
research for “marketable alternatives” at Wilshire.
WTW Investments
London
Toby Seely
toby.seely@wtwco.com
A unit of publicly traded WTW, WTW Investments advised on $3.3 trillion of assets 
as of yearend 2023, including $176 billion of assets under management as of 
Sept. 30, 2024. Firm has a long history of advising institutional clients on hedge 
fund investments. That includes $14 billion of liquid-alternative products, and 
within that are $10.6 billion of hedge fund and hedge fund-of-funds products. 
Services include its own funds-of-funds products and outsourced chief-
investment-officer mandates and advisory manager selection accounts. Clients 
include public and corporate defined-benefit and defined-contribution programs, 
endowments, foundations, sovereign wealth funds and wealth managers. In 
October 2025, Sara Rejal, who had headed liquid alternatives at WTW, a role that 
included hedge fund research, took a position as chief strategy officer at Fulcrum 
Asset Management.
Judge: No Liability in Ex-Partners’ Suit
The head of litigation-funding operation GFO Asset 
Management has scored a big win in Delaware district 
court over a former partner in a case that has been pend -
ing even while GFO is on the cusp of doubling its assets 
since mid-2024.
On March 10, a Delaware state chancery court judge 
ruled that Casey Gard,  the managing member of GFO 
Asset Management, owes his former business partner, 
Brett Findler, nothing following a dispute in which they 
deadlocked in the management of a predecessor litigation-
funding operation called Priority Responsible Funding.
Meanwhile, Miami Beach-based GFO Asset Manage -
ment has absorbed the track record of Priority Responsi -
ble Funding, and GFO has been a hit with investors. GFO 
shows a high annualized return of about 20% since its first 
fund launched in 2020 – as part of the Priority Responsible 
Funding brand. GFO’s assets, which were $500 million in 
mid-2024 after Gard took over the litigation-funding oper-
ation and are now $850 million, are expected to hit $1 bil-
lion before yearend.
GFO has been actively marketing a new offering called 
GFO Legal Opportunities Fund which, as of a Feb. 4 SEC 
filing, had not held a first close.
“The judge stated that a plaintiff must support his claims 
with actual evidence, not just conclusory assertions, ” said 
lawyer Stuart Slotnick of law firm  Buchanan Ingersoll, 
which represents Gard and GFO. “ And at trial, I was able 
to demonstrate that this was nothing more than a brazen 
opportunistic attempt to make a claim for something the 
plaintiff had no entitlement. The vice chancellor [judge] 
specifically stated in his post-trial scathing decision that 
the claims consisted of a mishmash of argument, a hodge-
podge and was akin to throwing pizza against the wall to 
see what sticks. ”
Gard founded his own hedge fund and was an execu -
tive with Morgan Stanley before he entered into a 50-50 
partnership with personal injury lawyer Findler via Prior-
ity Responsible Funding in 2019.
Each accused the other of wrongdoing that led to the 
deadlock in their partnership. But the judge in the case, 
Vice Chancellor Nathan Cook, found that not only should 
Priority Responsible Funding be dis -  See GFO on Page 7
March 25, 2026
7
solved, but that Findler had not shown that Gard or GFO 
had violated its agreements with Findler.
“Instead, the evidence shows PRF’s operating agreement 
permitted the challenged actions, which were the product 
of repeated, informed consent between the parties, ” the 
judge wrote.
The litigation began in June 2024 when Gard asked the 
Delaware courts to liquidate Priority Responsible Funding 
because of the deadlock. Days later, Findler filed his own 
lawsuit in which he accused Gard of improperly taking 
over their litigation-funding business.
Gard contended that Findler approved cases for fund -
ing that should not have been approved and that Findler 
demanded a $1 million salary that wasn’t justified, even 
while Findler incurred improper expenses and mishan -
dled invoices, according to court filings. The judge rejected 
claims by Findler that he was owed distribution alloca -
tions or that he was owed anything for his stake in Priority 
Responsible Funding.
The three-day trial occurred last March, with closing 
arguments in June.
Before Gard entered into business with Findler, he 
formed his own hedge long/short equity fund in 1999 
called Calypso Capital, which peaked at about $1 billion. 
He previously managed Morgan Stanley’s U.K. and Euro-
pean equity-trading group.
In addition to the new fund that GFO has been market-
ing, the firm manages a handful of funds that carry Prior -
ity Funding’s PRF initials.
The firm provides financing for personal injury claims 
that are headed to litigation and trial. The capital serves 
as cash advances to law firms and medical providers in 
exchange for future payouts from settlements or judg -
ments. GFO primarily provides capital that cannot be 
reclaimed if the underlying lawsuits result in no monetary 
wins. 
Cubist ... From Page 1
statistical-arbitrage staffer who had at that time been con-
sidering leaving the firm, Point72 agreed to guarantee his 
next three years of negotiated compensation, even if the 
firm fired him before then.
Because Bazzi was among those terminated in the past 
week or so, Point72’s investors – who pay all of the firm’s 
expenses – are now believed to be on the hook to pay him 
tens of millions of dollars.
“High expectations at that price point, ” one source said 
of the firm’s swift move to cut Bazzi loose so quickly after it 
agreed to his multi-year deal. 
The firing of Bazzi, who worked in Cubist’s central trad-
ing hub and who was a key hire in 2023 under Lauprete’s 
predecessor, Denis Dancanet, has resulted in a large num-
ber of staffers who worked under him also being let go or 
being invited to apply for other positions at the firm.
Lauprete, known for a deliberative management 
approach, took his time before making the decision to cut 
staff. Word is he might have started firing people in Janu-
ary, when certain staffers’ contracts were up, but opted to 
delay those decisions.
Lauprete joined Cubist in September, even as he had 
been in active talks to fund the launch of his own big sys -
tematic-trading firm, Libero Capital. Point72 chief Steve 
Cohen sought out Lauprete as Cohen moved to remove 
Dancanet from his role as head of Cubist.
Business Insider first reported on March 18 that Bazzi 
was leaving Cubist and that his statistical-arbitrage group 
had, at one point just this year, been down by $70 million. 
Cubist was managing some $7 billion for Point72 last year 
via multiple portfolio managers within the group’s central 
book and more than 60 portfolio managers organized as 
separate trading pods.
Bazzi worked in a quantitative-investment role at Cita-
del Securities before he left the firm in 2021. He joined 
that operation in 2015, having earlier worked at PDT Part-
ners, both before and after it was a unit of Morgan Stanley.
Point72 managed $45.7 billion overall as of Jan. 1
The current crop of fired portfolio managers isn’t the 
first to leave under Lauprete’s watch. Toward the end of 
2025, for instance, Jae Ho Kim left Cubist and had begun 
sitting out a gardening leave, eFinancial Careers reported 
in December.
Until March 2024, Lauprete had been chief invest -
ment officer and vice chairman at WorldQuant, Millen-
nium Management’s largest portfolio manager. He earlier 
worked in a statistical-arbitrage role at Millennium before 
WorldQuant became an independent business. 
Dancanet joined Cubist in 2020, replacing Ross Garon, 
now a senior member of Millennium’s management team, 
where he heads quantitative strategies. 
Jupiter ... From Page 1
institutional investors globally, including some of the larg-
est pension funds and sovereign wealth funds.
Also, a chunk of that growth has come from alloca -
tions to GEARx, the firm’s first true hedge fund and the 
first product on its Cayman-domiciled hedge fund plat -
form, X, which launched in June 2025.
“The launch of the Cayman vehicle has been a piv -
otal step for the strategy and has materially acceler -
ated engagement with North American allocators, ” said 
Amadeo Alentorn,  the head of Jupiter’s systematic-equi-
ties team.
GEARx is a highly leveraged version of the systematic-
equities unit’s flagship vehicle, Jupiter Merian Global 
Equity Absolute Return (GEAR). GEAR, an Ireland-
domiciled UCITS vehicle that  See JUPITER on Page 8
GFO... From Page 6
March 25, 2026
8
began trading in 2009, was originally a fund run by 
Merian Global Investors. Jupiter’s parent, Jupiter Fund 
Management, acquired Merian in 2020. 
GEAR employs a quant model that aims to deliver 
five percentage points above the risk-free rate. While the 
Cayman-domiciled GEARx retains the same underlying 
investment process as GEAR, it is designed for investors 
seeking a higher risk and return profile.
GEARx aims to deliver a return 10 percentage points 
higher than the U.S. federal funds rate – now at 3.6% 
– with four-times leverage and double the volatility of 
GEAR. From its inception in June of 2025 through Febru-
ary, the vehicle generated a 14.4% return.  Across January 
and February alone, it rose 5.8%.
Jupiter does not measure the vehicle against any bench-
mark due to its absolute-return target. But for compari -
son, the With Intelligence Asset Weighted Index climbed 
11% in the nine months ending Feb. 28 and was up 3.2% 
in the first two months of 2026. The HFRI Equity Hedge: 
Quantitative Directional Index rose 10.4% in full-year 
2025, followed by a 3.9% increase in the first two months 
of this year.
GEAR had $10.5 billion under management in Feb -
ruary, up from $3.5 billion in March 2025, according to 
Hedge Fund Alert  parent With Intelligence.  Assets in 
the GEARx product couldn’t be determined.
GEARx is gaining traction in North America with var -
ious types of investors, Alentorn said. Larger institutions 
are engaged in due diligence, while family offices have 
moved more swiftly to participate in a founders share 
class. Overall, the Cayman launch has strengthened both 
the systematic-equities unit’s access and credibility in the 
North American market, with momentum continuing to 
build across key financial hubs, particularly New Y ork, 
Alentorn said. 
Alentorn attributed the strong response to GEARx’s 
core characteristics,  namely its monthly liquidity, mar -
ket neutrality and low correlation to traditional equity 
and fixed-income exposures. Growth of the systematic-
equities unit overall also has benefited from investors’ 
increasing appetite for quantitative-investment funds 
and factor-based strategies, or those strategies that sys -
tematically target specific drivers of return, such as value 
and momentum. 
Jupiter’s systematic-equities unit runs a proprietary 
model that processes around 40 million data points every 
day across 7,000 stocks. The team uses a diversified set of 
signals spanning valuation, sustainable growth, company 
management quality, sentiment and market dynamics. Its 
model deploys a “dynamic factor timing framework” that 
allows the strategy to adjust valuation factor exposures as 
market regimes evolve. 
Jupiter’s flagship GEAR strategy has delivered 20 
consecutive quarters of positive returns, reflecting the 
resilience of the framework across different market envi -
ronments, Alentorn said, adding that it worked well dur -
ing last year’s Magnificent 7 selloff, as well as during the 
market-rattling “Liberation Day” and subsequent rally. 
“In this environment, timing signal weights was cru -
cial to the fund’s strong performance, enabling it to avoid 
poor returns in ‘bad’ environments for quants, as was the 
case over the summer months, ” he said. “Our advantage 
lies in the model’s continuous assessment of the market 
environment and its ability to recalibrate the weighting of 
our proprietary signals, accordingly, ensuring position -
ing remains aligned with prevailing conditions. ”
Before joining Jupiter in 2020, Amadeo worked at 
Merian Global Investors and its predecessor, Old Mutual 
Global Investors,  as a portfolio manager and head of 
research. 
Jupiter is led by chief executive Matthew Beesley, who 
has held senior investment roles at a number of firms and 
who was initially hired at Jupiter as chief investment offi -
cer in early 2022 after a run as CIO at Artemis Invest -
ment. Beesley relinquished the CIO title at Jupiter in 
October 2022 to become CEO. 
Leeside... From Page 1
A fundraising goal hasn’t been determined for the 
Luxembourg-domiciled vehicle, which brings together 
two longtime friends and former colleagues who contend 
they have the experience to navigate complex, illiquid 
investments while putting in place multi-layered down -
side protection to avoid blowups. The two also have told 
prospective limited partners their long tenure as Europe-
focused investors gives them connections and insights 
that can’t be matched by global firms.
The pair worked together from 2004 to 2014 at 
Deutsche, where Colquhoun became head of the Euro -
pean Distressed Products Group in London and Ahuja 
was a risk manager and trader on that team. High-profile 
corporate restructurings they worked on included Euro 
Disney, Eurotunnel,  Icelandic big banks and Lehman 
Brothers.
Ahuja left at the end of 2014 to become a managing 
director and head of European corporates at Fortress, 
while Colquhoun remained at Deutsche for an additional 
10 years, totaling nearly 16 years as head of the European 
Distressed Products Group. Ahuja eventually became co-
head of European credit and a management committee 
member at Fortress.
Even after they worked apart, the duo remained in 
touch, meeting quarterly and trading ideas.
They have more than a half-century of combined expe-
rience deploying money across European capital struc -
tures and building investment teams through multiple 
credit cycles.
Ahuja is Leeside’s chief invest-
Jupiter... From Page 7
 See LEESIDE on Page 9
March 25, 2026
9
ment officer and Colquhoun its chief executive. Both are 
said to be contributing a significant skin-in-the-game per-
sonal investment.
In addition to distressed debt, Leeside intends to focus 
on bonds, loans, claims and special-situations credit in 
Europe. Leeside is expected to express its views through 
first-lien securities and active asset management while 
constantly re-evaluating risk. The firm, which also plans 
to make concentrated high-conviction bets, is seeking 
gross returns in the mid-teens.
As maturing debt over the next two years potentially 
puts stress on the refinancing system – particularly in the 
energy, real estate and infrastructure sectors – Leeside sees 
an opportunity for European specialists with flexible capi-
tal. The way the firm views it, regulatory pressures, a decline 
in private equity sponsors and interest-rate changes could 
persuade traditional capital lenders to pull back.
Before starting as a senior corporate trader on the 
investment-grade desk at Deutsche in 2002, Colquhoun 
traded high-yield and emerging-market bonds at Merrill 
Lynch. 
Ahuja started at Deutsche in 2004 as a credit analyst 
covering distressed investments in Europe and Asia. 
Correction
A March 18 story, “Longtime HF Exec Cleared on 
All Counts in Fraud Case Filed By Hildene Capital  
Founder, ” mischaracterized the nature of a business, 
Integrated CBD,  at the center of that dispute. Inte -
grated CBD, run by hedge fund executive Patrick 
Horsman,  was intended to grow hemp and to produce 
CDB oil, not to produce cannabis. In addition, Corbin 
Capital  foreclosed on the assets of Integrated CBD. 
Integrated CBD did not file for bankruptcy. 
  LATEST LAUNCHES
Fund Portfolio Managers Strategy Service Providers Launch Equity at  
Launch (MIL.)
Leeside Credit 
Opportunities Feeder Fund
Domicile: Luxembourg
(See Page 1)
Rahul Ahuja and Gavin 
Colquhoun
Leeside Capital Partners,
London
Debt: distressed (Europe) Law firm: Dechert
Administrator: Citco
3Q-26
FF Digital Fund 1
Domicile: U.S.
(See Page 2)
Adam Rabushka, Colin 
Porter and Ricky Leme
FF Digital Management,
Chicago
info@FFDigital.fund
Digital assets fund 2026
www.hedgefundalert.com
Hedge Fund Alert (ISSN: 1530-7832), Copyright 2026, is published weekly by With Intelligence, 41 Madison Avenue, 20th floor, New Y ork 10010. It is illegal to port forward or reproduce the issue or the link, without 
first obtaining permission from Hedge Fund Alert. All issues are watermarked and we routinely monitor forwarding with tracking technology. Copying this publication is in violation of the U.S. Copyright Act (17 
USC 101 et seq.). Violators may be subject to criminal penalties as well as liability for substantial monetary damages, including statutory damages up to $150,000 per infringement, costs and attorney’s fees. 
Howard Kapiloff 
Managing Editor 
917-576-0709 
h.kapiloff@hedgefundalert.com
Mark Mueller 
Editor 
732-939-9801 
m.mueller@hedgefundalert.com
Mike Frassinelli 
Senior Reporter 
973-856-3263 
m.frassinelli@hedgefundalert.com
James Prado Roberts 
Deputy Managing Editor 
732-322-8780  
j.pradoroberts@hedgefundalert.com
Paul McMillan 
Editor-in-Chief, With Intelligence 
646-891-2118 
paul.mcmillan@withintelligence.com
Joel Dudden 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
j.dudden@hedgefundalert.com
Adam Wood 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
a.wood@hedgefundalert.com
Marco Calabrese 
Advertising Sales 
732-546-8346 
marco.calabrese@withintelligence.com
Samantha Marcus 
Senior Reporter 
609-819-2384 
s.marcus@hedgefundalert.com
Todd Palmer 
Senior Technical Designer 
+44-20-7832-6500 
todd.palmer@withintelligence.com
Hedge Fund Alert
Leeside... From Page 8
March 25, 2026
10
joined that London multi-strategy operation in 2022 from 
Credit Suisse, where he was a director focused on agency 
MBS trading. He earlier was a PM at BlueCrest Capital 
and an agency MBS trader at Goldman Sachs.  Jain was 
managing $5.3 billion as of June 2025.
Walleye Capital  has picked up an equity portfolio man -
ager with experience at other big-name multi-strategy 
firms. Todd Finegold,  whose recent coverage included 
the financials sector, started this month at New Y ork-
based Walleye after working from November 2022 to 
February 2025 as a portfolio manager at  ExodusPoint 
Capital and nearly five years at Citadel, most recently as 
a PM for its Surveyor Capital  equities business. At Exo -
dusPoint, Finegold worked for the firm’s fundamental 
long/short equities unit, WestWind Asset Management.  
Other stops include Hoplite Capital, Maverick Capital  
and Morgan Stanley. Walleye has more than $15 billion 
under management.
Seasoned business-development professional Chris Far -
rell has signed on at global-macro shop PinnBrook Capi-
tal as head of marketing and investor relations. Farrell 
arrived at the New Y ork firm this month following a run as 
director of investor relations for North America at metals-
and-mining investor Resource Capital Funds  from June 
2022 to December 2025. He also filled investor-relations 
roles at Bloom Tree Partners, PanView Capital, Sanoor 
Capital and Discovery Capital. Five-year-old PinnBrook, 
led by Zachary Kurz, was managing $813 million of gross 
assets at yearend 2024.
Manulife | CQS Investment Management  has hired an 
experienced portfolio manager to focus on structured 
credit. David Lai joined the London firm in February after 
18 years at HSBC, most recently as head of portfolio man-
agement, hedging and trading for the firm’s infrastructure-
debt strategy. Before joining HSBC in 2006, Lai worked on 
the synthetic credit derivatives correlation desk at BNP 
Paribas. Manulife | CQS Investment Management had 
about 45 investment professionals through the third quar-
ter and managed $18.5 billion across multi-asset credit, 
asset-backed securities, secured loans, collateralized loan 
obligations and convertible bonds. Manulife Investment 
Management completed its purchase of CQS – founded as 
a hedge fund operation in 1999 by Michael Hintze – in 
April 2024.
Balyasny Asset Management has signed up a U.K.-based 
senior analyst for its Corbets Capital team to cover tech -
nology, media and telecommunications stocks. Alejandro 
Martinez Perez has begun or will be starting shortly for 
New Y ork-based Corbets, an equity business of Dmitry 
Balyasny’s brand-name Chicago multi-strategy firm. Pre-
viously, Perez had concentrated on the stocks of TMT com-
panies at North Rock Capital Management  since March 
2024 and at Citadel from 2020 to 2024. Earlier, he worked 
at Goldman Sachs.
Separately, Balyasny Asset Management  equities busi -
ness Longaeva Partners  has brought on a senior analyst 
who formerly was a principal at Third Point. Sam Can -
non started last month at the New Y ork equities unit, led 
by former Point72 Asset Management  portfolio man -
ager Peter Goodwin.  Cannon was at Third Point from 
January 2021 to January 2025 following stops as an ana -
lyst at Hound Partners and as a special-situations group 
analyst at Goldman Sachs.  Balyasny managed $32 billion 
last month.
Credit-fund manager Graphene Capital has hired a head 
of business development. Ilya Riskin started at the New 
Y ork firm last month after working since 2022 at One Wil-
liam Street Capital , where he was a vice president for 
investor development. Previous employers for the veteran 
industry professional also include Aksia, the consultant 
to big institutional investors, and Barclays, where Riskin 
spent nearly 13 years. Graphene, launched in October 2024 
by chief investment officer Gino Ramadi, head of struc -
tured products Aashish Marfatia and chief risk officer 
Jin Kang, focuses on asset-backed investments. Graphene 
had about $250 million of gross assets in its flagship hedge 
fund at the end of 2025. 
THE  
GRAPEVINE
Grapevine ... From Page 1
$32 Billion
Balyasny AUM
