February 18, 2026
1
New Entrant in Prime-Brokerage Space Aims 
to Scoop Up Overlooked, Emerging Managers
Justin Press,  the co-founder and former longtime co-head of BTIG’s 
prime-brokerage business, is seeking to form an independent brokerage firm 
to service the hedge fund industry’s smallest managers.
The well-known Press – who left BTIG at the end of 2024, some 20 years 
after he launched that firm’s prime broker operation with co-founder Brian 
Petitt – is in the midst of building ARX Prime Brokerage.
ARX is in the process of applying for regulatory approval from Finra. 
Once the firm receives approvals, Press is expected to reunite with for -
mer BTIG capital-introduction chief Peter Tarrant and his firm, PilotShip 
Partners, which would provide outsourced capital-introduction services 
to ARX clients.
In a pair of unrelated hires, Exo-
dusPoint Capital  has brought on a 
head of data science and a portfolio 
manager. Data-science chief Chris 
Tierney, who began working in 
the multi-strategy firm’s New Y ork 
headquarters this month, previously 
held the same role at Candlestick 
Capital , a $2 billion equity shop 
that began unwinding in Decem -
ber. Tierney also filled data-focused 
posts at Schonfeld Strategic Advi -
sors, Pennant Capital  and Coatue 
Management . Portfolio manager 
David Ghosh,  meanwhile, arrived 
in ExodusPoint’s London office in 
January after more than eight years 
at Brevan Howard , where he was 
a PM. Earlier, Ghosh served nearly 
17 years at UBS, most recently as a 
managing director focusing on Brit -
ish pound rates and inflation trad -
ing. ExodusPoint, led by Michael 
Gelband, manages $12 billion.
Rob Lopez , the former head of low-
latency trading at WorldQuant, is 
FEBRUARY 18, 2026
THE  
GRAPEVINE Short-Focused Startup Looks to Expose 
Companies It Says Mislead On ESG Principles
A short-focused manager is setting up an environmental hedge fund that 
seeks to unmask companies that preach sustainability while practicing oth -
erwise.
Sunlight Partners, composed of professionals who concentrated on deriv-
atives at Citadel Securities, research at The Wall Street Journal and equities 
at Invenomic Capital, is looking to launch its debut fund next month.
As the transition to greener energy forges ahead, with trillions of dollars 
spent annually on decarbonization efforts and infrastructure improvements, 
Sunlight Partners intends to bring transparency and accountability to mar -
kets regarding technologies, claims and processes.
“Our model aims to generate uncorrelated returns
Short-Seller Who Wrote As ‘Friendly Bear’ to 
Launch Commingled Fund; Co-founder Exits
A seven-year-old firm led by noted short-seller Nate Koppikar, who for 
years published short ideas online under the pseudonym “Friendly Bear, ” is 
planning its first commingled fund.
Orso Partners, which manages about $200 million in a short-bias strategy 
via a lone separate account, aims to launch Orso Beta Arbitrage by the end 
of this quarter. 
Koppikar will oversee the new, broader strategy without his co-founder 
and head of research, Scott Matagrano, who relinquished his ownership 
share in Orso – presumably through a sale to Koppikar – and left the firm 
in December, according to a Form ADV filing that month. It’s not clear why 
Matagrano departed. See GRAPEVINE on Back Page
2 World’s Biggest Cap-Intro Confab on Tap
2 Space Sector-Focused Firm on Launchpad
3 Tokenization Comes to M1’s Crypto HFs
3 Deal Could Add CenterBook Partnerships
4 Nascent East Wave Lands Two Bain Vets
7 LATEST LAUNCHES
 See ARX on Page 5
 See SUNLIGHT on Page 5
 See ORSO on Page 6
February 18, 2026
2
World’s Biggest Cap-Intro Confab on Tap
iConnections’ upcoming capital-introduction confer -
ence, co-hosted with the Managed Funds Association,  
again promises to be the largest such event in the world, 
pairing allocators overseeing trillions of dollars of assets 
with alternative-asset managers of varying sizes.
As of Feb. 16, organizers were expecting some 5,500 
attendees for Global Alts Miami 2026, which will be held 
at the Miami Beach Convention Center from Feb. 23 to 
Feb. 26. That’s up from 5,200 attendees last year. Beyond 
those figures, an additional 400 people are due to gather 
for iConnections’ cap-intro-style Funds4Charity event, 
part of the larger conference, which will link 70 or more 
charities with philanthropic attendees looking to donate 
capital.
This year marks the second in a row that the MFA, 
the industry’s chief lobbying group, has co-sponsored 
the confab. Like last year, the gathering will be held at 
the Miami Beach Convention Center instead of within 
the much smaller conference space available at the 
Fontainebleau Miami Beach hotel, two miles to the 
north. This time around, however, Global Alts Miami 
will occupy 600,000 square feet at the center, up from 
400,000 last year. 
In a nod to security, no other event will take place at 
the sprawling convention center while iConnections is 
in process despite the fact that the conference will use 
about half of the available square footage.
Some 1,095 investment firms were registered for the 
event as of Feb. 16 – 114 more than last year – and 1,210 
allocators had registered, about on par with last year. 
iConnections sweetened the pot for smaller manag -
ers in 2026, introducing lower-cost pricing for those 
running no more than $250 million. Ninety-three firms 
of that size signed on.
Last year, similar firms that registered at the last min -
ute had to pay $25,000 just to attend the Miami Beach 
event. This year, iConnections has offered them, for 
something less than $20,000, the ability to attend the 
conference in addition to another of the organizer’s 
cap-intro events, along with access to iConnections’ 
year-round technology service pairing managers with 
investors. 
For allocators, this year’s event is free so long as they 
meet with at least 15 managers.
In years past, iConnections’ main event took place at 
the end of January, a period overlapping with the MFA ’s 
own conference at the nearby Loews Miami Beach Hotel 
and with Morgan Stanley’s  annual hedge fund inves -
tor conference at The Breakers resort in Palm Beach. 
In addition, the Alternative Credit Council’s  private 
credit investing forum ran just ahead of the iConnec -
tions conference.
When the MFA and iConnections merged their 
events and relocated to the convention center in 2025, a 
lower-cost alternative-investment conference organizer, 
Uncorrelated,  hosted a concurrent first-time Miami 
Beach conference.
iConnections, previously the main attraction dur -
ing that earlier week in Miami Beach, switched to the 
end of February in order to be able to reserve the same 
timeframe at the convention center in perpetuity. In 
all, iConnections is expecting managers to host some 
20,000 pitch meetings at the event.
Following the MFA ’s new arrangement with iConnec-
tions, the organizations last year co-hosted two other 
cap-intro events, one in New Y ork and another in Sin -
gapore. They will do the same this year, with plans to 
jointly host another in Europe next year.
About half of the MFA ’s 180 members are scheduled 
to attend the event this year, which is roughly in line 
with the proportion that attended the MFA ’s own Miami 
Beach conference before it merged with the iConnec -
tions gathering.
The Funds4Charity event, which takes place on Feb. 
24 and Feb. 25, is meant to help worthy organizations 
raise money from philanthropically minded donors, 
including family offices, foundation and endowments. 
The singer Beck and his wife have agreed to donate $1 
million toward the charities attending. That sum will 
more than offset their cost of reserving a space at the 
convention center for those days. 
Space Sector-Focused Firm on Launchpad
An investment professional with lengthy experience at the 
intersection of Wall Street and outer space is preparing a fund 
that invests in the space sector and related technologies.
Working through his SpacePath Capital in Green -
wich, Conn., chief investment officer Rob Kaimowitz has 
penciled in a launch during the first half of this year for 
the space-focused hedge fund. The vehicle is expected to 
invest long and short in the stocks of space-sector busi -
nesses worldwide, including those involved in satellite 
communications, global infrastructure and defense and 
national security.
The S&P Kensho Space Index, which tracks businesses 
in the space sector, has been up double-digits for three 
straight years, culminating in a massive 53.2% return in 
2025. The surge was powered in part by increased defense 
spending and continued construction of space-based 
infrastructure.
“High-profile developments – such as Elon Musk’s 
decision to integrate SpaceX with xAI – underscore how 
closely space activity is becoming intertwined with both 
traditional and emerging industrial sectors, ” Kaimowitz 
wrote this month in a LinkedIn post. “Understanding 
growth, however, is not enough. One of the biggest mis -
takes in how the space sector is discussed is treating it as 
a single thematic market,  See SPACEPATH on Page 3
February 18, 2026
3
rather than as a set of highly differentiated industrial sys -
tems shaped by policy, capital intensity, and technical con-
straints. ”
Kaimowitz was the portfolio manager and chief execu -
tive at onetime long/short equity operation Bull Path 
Capital from 2002 to 2012. He later founded aviation tech-
nology business Nexteon Technologies in 2017.
Kaimowitz began his career as a sellside analyst focused 
on the commercial satellite industry.
SpacePath last month brought on marketing and opera-
tions executive  Christina Bartnikowski, a managing 
member at Arcade Advisory since 2022, as chief operating 
and chief marketing officer.
Adam Hackel, who had a brief stay at Bessemer Trust 
following stops at Morgan Stanley, Imperial Capital and 
CRT Capital, signed on as a senior analyst at SpacePath in 
September.
Space industry consulting firm Novaspace estimated 
the size of the market to be more than $625 billion globally 
in 2025 and projects that it could reach $1 trillion by the 
middle of the next decade. 
Tokenization Comes to M1’s Crypto HFs
A fast-growing digital-asset shop is gearing up for the 
launch of a tokenized version of its profitable market-neu-
tral hedge funds.
M1 Capital , a five-year-old cryptocurrency manager 
headquartered in Amsterdam, saw its assets rise nearly six-
fold, from $33 million to $192 million, between December 
2024 and yearend 2025. 
M1’s market-neutral multi-strategy program is currently 
offered via a pair of U.S. dollar- and bitcoin-denominated 
vehicles. On March 1, the firm is expected to expand its 
offerings with a tokenized version of the funds, which M1 
believes will help it reach a new set of on-chain investors.
They, in turn, will be able to deploy their tokenized fund 
investments in the decentralized-finance ecosystem, while 
accessing better liquidity than the hedge fund vehicles. 
Benefits offered by the tokenized structure also include the 
ability for investors to deploy their tokenized shares as col-
lateral within on-chain money markets and to integrate the 
fund into a range of on-chain derivatives and structured 
products.
M1’s U.S. dollar- and bitcoin-denominated vehicles, 
M1-A1 and M1-B1, run, on average, five to eight strate -
gies, such as funding-rate arbitrage, credit arbitrage and 
liquidity provisioning. M1-A1, the dollar-denominated 
fund, returned 14.6% last year in one share class, 28.4% in 
2024 and 16.6% in 2023. 
By comparison, the With Intelligence Market-Neutral 
Digital Assets Index rose 4.7% in 2025, 25.8% in 2024 
and 18.4% in 2023. The fund was recognized last year as 
the top-performing digital-asset vehicle by With Intelli-
gence’s HFM European Performance Awards.
In mid-2024, the firm launched M1-B1 in separate 
accounts, which were later rolled into a commingled fund 
that launched this past July.
M1 began as a proprietary-trading shop in 2021 before 
obtaining licensing to begin accepting outside capital in 
2023. Initial investors were largely wealthy individuals in 
the Netherlands, but the limited-partner pool has since 
expanded to funds of funds, family offices and institutional 
investors globally.
M1’s ranks, in the meantime, have grown from four at 
launch to 11 today.
The firm is led by partners Steven Wisbrun, David van 
Goudoever, Cedric van Heck  and Alberdinus Hoog -
moed. Prior to launching M1, van Goudoever and van 
Heck founded several multi-asset private equity funds with 
a data-driven focus on the European real estate sector.
Wisbrun most recently was an associate at Amsterdam-
based Theta Capital, while Hoogmoed worked at various 
digital-asset market-makers and hedge funds. 
Deal Could Add CenterBook Partnerships
CenterBook Partners , a novel multi-manager plat -
form that pulls from the trade positions of its contributing 
managers, is teaming up with Arcana Analytics to equip 
CenterBook’s expanding network of independent fund 
operators with what it views as institutional-caliber risk 
management and portfolio analysis.
The firm’s pact with Arcana, which it plans to announce 
on Feb. 18, bolsters CenterBook’s risk-management infra-
structure and opens a potential recruiting channel. Cen -
terBook promises to streamline a path for Arcana clients 
that want to join CenterBook’s roster of contributors. 
Arcana, a New Y ork technology company, is led by chief 
executive Rich Falk-Wallace, who previously worked as 
an investment professional at Citadel, Viking Global and 
Silver Point Capital.
SpacePath... From Page 2
 See CENTERBOOK on Page 4
“One of the biggest mistakes 
in how the space sector is dis -
cussed is treating it as a single 
thematic market, rather than 
as a set of highly differentiated 
industrial systems.”
Rob Kaimowitz, SpacePath CIO
February 18, 2026
4
Arcana, which counts 200 client firms, helps institu -
tional investors understand portfolio risks, break down 
single-stock and portfolio performance and spot crowded 
trades. Arcana’s technology also supports scenario analy-
sis, optimization and idea screening for sophisticated 
equity investors.
Founded in 2021, Arcana is backed by hedge fund lumi-
nary Stanley Druckenmiller, Chase Coleman’s Tiger Global 
and Dan Sundheim’s D1 Capital, as well as other investors. 
Meanwhile, CenterBook, which has $1.3 billion under 
management, runs an equity market-neutral hedge fund 
and other vehicles under an unusual arrangement with a 
growing number of equity long/short and long-only man-
agers. Those managers agree to share with CenterBook 
their daily positions, trading and stock-research informa -
tion. CenterBook extracts alpha signals from that data, 
informing its own investment decisions without cannibal-
izing its contributing fund managers’ own portfolios. 
The managers share detailed information with Cen -
terBook in exchange for a 50% cut of the profits that 
CenterBook generates from contributor funds’ ideas. Con-
tributors retain full ownership of their firms, investor rela-
tionships and investment processes.
CenterBook contributors also receive ongoing risk 
insights, in addition to investment process support and 
access to capital for managers with capacity. 
CenterBook has 40 contributing fund managers – from 
emerging firms to those with billions of dollars of assets 
– with 10 more expected to join the platform soon. Cen -
terBook had 26 contributors and $450 million under man-
agement in early 2023.
CenterBook’s contributing managers focus on medium-
to long-term horizons and are expected to produce a 
fundamentally distinct alpha from multi-strategy shops, 
quantitative investment programs or other emerging-
manager offerings.
Headquartered in Greenwich, Conn., CenterBook was 
co-founded in 2020 by former Conatus Capital manager 
David Stemerman and Alpha Theory founder and chief 
executive Cameron Hight. Alpha Theory helps managers 
identify alpha and size their positions. 
Nascent East Wave Lands Two Bain Vets
Specialty debt investor East Wave Partners, led by an 
executive from Bain Capital’s unwinding seeding and 
niche direct-investment unit, has added two former col -
leagues to his developing firm.
Gordon Barnes,  who advised firms backed by Bain 
Capital Partnership Strategies on their own growth and 
operations, started at East Wave this month as its chief 
operating officer. Albert La Valle, who was an associate at 
Bain Capital, also came on board this year.
The Boston startup, which launched in 2025, is led by 
Josh Plavner, previously a managing director focused on 
specialty finance and opportunistic private investments at 
Bain Capital Partnership Strategies, which was managing 
$2.4 billion early last year. East Wave landed a $100 million 
debut commitment from an unknown investor in the first 
half of the year, and it was seeking to raise as much as $500 
million via drawdown structures.
East Wave aims to create uncorrelated returns by allo -
cating capital to a mix of shorter duration asset-based 
loans and specialty-finance operations that deploy capital 
directly, albeit with East Wave’s approval.
Sectors include trade finance, media and intellectual 
property rights, real estate bridge loans and specialty-
finance areas including litigation finance, insurance and 
solar power loans. East Wave also is looking at building 
out its own loan-origination and loan-servicing platform.
According to an early marketing presentation, East 
Wave was targeting a net internal rate of return of about 
15% and was aiming for investors to receive back 1.8- to 
2-times their capital commitments.
Barnes joined Bain Capital Partnership Strategies in 
2020 as an executive vice president, developing a program 
to help firms seeded by the unit to become institutional-
quality operations. Barnes had previously been a manag -
ing director at Cambridge Associates, where he headed 
operational due diligence. Earlier employers include fund-
of-hedge-funds operation Kobren Insight Management  
and Bisys Hedge Fund Services.  La Valle joined Bain in 
2023.
Plavner arrived at Bain Capital in 2018. He previously 
was a managing director at White Elm Capital, which he 
joined in 2012 as a summer analyst.
Bain Capital Partnership Strategies deployed seed, 
anchor and acceleration capital to niche alternative-invest-
ment managers until it began unwinding last year. The 
unit’s closure led to the shutdown of at least one hedge fund 
manager, Conductor Capital , a London-based energy-
investment firm that Bain seeded in 2022. The Bain unit 
began investing partner capital in 2005. It took in its first 
external capital in 2018. 
CenterBook... From Page 3
Decision-Makers
Scour This Space
Do you sell products or services to the alternative-
investment community?
Take dead aim at your target market by advertising in 
Hedge Fund Alert, which is devoured each week by deci -
sion-makers in the business.
For more information, contact Marco Calabrese  at  
646-891-2115 or marco.calabrese@withintelligence.com.
February 18, 2026
5
ARX ... From Page 1
Advising Press on the formation of the business is his 
uncle, Joel Press,  who founded Ernst & Y oung’s hedge 
fund practice in 1989 and who later worked as a man -
aging director in Morgan Stanley’s  prime-brokerage 
unit before founding his own consulting business, Press 
Management,  in 2010.
Justin Press began speaking to service providers about 
his new business in the past month. The location of ARX’s 
headquarters has yet to be determined. The firm currently 
has no operations, and it’s not yet soliciting clients. 
ARX’s goal is to act as an introducing broker, with the 
firm contracting with one or more banks to clear client 
trades and to provide ARX clients with leverage. While 
it’s unknown which banks ARX is seeking to serve as its 
clearing partners, two possibilities are Goldman Sachs  
and Pershing, which both provide clearing services for 
other introducing brokers, including BTIG.
While ARX would be in a position to take on larger 
clients, the startup will target new and emerging hedge 
fund managers running as little as $5 million and as 
much as $250 million. Press has been telling market 
players that such small firms are a substantially under-
served part of the market.
An analysis of hedge fund prime-brokerage cover -
age drawn from hedge fund managers’ Form ADV data 
on file with the SEC appears to bear that out. Despite 
the many prime brokers that service hedge funds, few 
of size target such small managers. Only six of the top 
25 prime brokers represented hedge funds with average 
gross assets below $250 million, according to Hedge 
Fund Alert’s  2025 ranking of the top 25 hedge fund 
prime brokers, as measured by client funds’ gross assets.
That group included Interactive Brokers , which had 
793 reporting clients with average assets of $124 million; 
BTIG (289 clients with average assets of $171 million); 
Charles Schwab  (86 clients that had average assets of 
$75 million); Clear Street  (84 clients and average assets 
of $202 million); StoneX (57 clients with average assets 
of $77 million); and M.S. Howells & Co.  (50 clients with 
average assets of $45 million).
Moreover, while the bulk of prime brokers target 
hedge funds with gross assets of at least $250 million, 
and typically much larger, there were far more hedge 
funds managing less than $250 million of gross assets – 
2,209 – than those managing above that figure – 1,362, 
according to Form ADV data as of early April.
While smaller firms trade less and use less leverage – 
brokers’ two primary sources of profit – serving a large 
number of smaller firms can also be profitable for a bro -
kerage service, even if a hefty portion of those hedge 
funds go out of business in any given year.
Even as the prime-brokerage landscape evolves as a 
result of bank acquisitions, new entrants into the mar -
ketplace are rare. In fact, the two newest prime brokers 
on Hedge Fund Alert’s ranking – Clear Street and Coin-
base Prime  – were both formed in 2018.
ARX is expected to highlight as key selling points its 
dedicated client services and Press’ and Tarrant’s rela -
tionships within the industry. It’s not known who else 
Press plans to enlist at his new firm.
Press entered the prime-brokerage business in 1996 
as a sales representative at Furman Selz , which was one 
of the first prime brokers to service the hedge fund sec -
tor. He went on to work at American Century Broker -
age and then rejoined his team at Furman Selz, which by 
then had been acquired by ING Barings  and was subse -
quently purchased by ABN Amro  and UBS.
In 2004, Press launched BTIG’s current prime-bro -
kerage business with Petitt via a San Francisco firm, 
Baypoint Trading,  that merged with Bass Trading  in 
2005 to become BTIG. Petitt has led that business on his 
own since 2024.
Tarrant joined Baypoint in 2002 and later launched 
BTIG’s capital-introduction service. He stayed in that 
role until 2024, when he launched PilotShip, a fast-
growing enterprise offering capital-introduction and 
outsourced investor-relations services to managers of 
hedge funds and other alternative funds.
Last month, U.S. Bancorp announced that it has struck 
a deal to buy BTIG, which also runs investment-banking, 
equity-sales and trading businesses and specializes in 
small and mid-size prime-brokerage clients. 
Sunlight ... From Page 1
through investigative research that seeks to identify and 
expose overvalued companies engaged in environmental 
fraud, greenwashing, or unsustainable practices, ” Sun -
light, based in Australia and the U.S., states on its web -
site. “We take short positions, publish findings, and aim 
to drive market re-rating through disciplined, evidence-
based campaigns. ”
Stationed in Australia are chief investment officer Will 
Funnell, who arrived from Citadel Securities, and chief 
executive Daniel Stacey,  formerly of The Wall Street 
Journal.
Partner and portfolio manager Nathaniel Victor,  
based in Boston, arrived last month from equity fund 
manager Invenomic, where he spent more than seven 
years, most recently as a senior research analyst.
Sunlight this month began advertising for an expe -
rienced analyst, based in either the U.S. or Australia, to 
scrutinize financial statements and test environmental, 
social and governance and sustainability claims.
“We envision markets in which credible climate lead -
ership is rewarded, misrepresentation is penalised, and 
capital competes to finance the most robust and enduring 
forms of sustainable growth, ” Sunlight wrote in the job 
posting.  See SUNLIGHT on Page 6
February 18, 2026
6
Other firms that draft critical reports on compa -
nies whose stock prices frequently dip include Carson 
Block’s Muddy Waters Capital, Siegfried Eggert’s Griz-
zly Research and Dan David’s Wolfpack Research. Nate 
Anderson shut down his Hindenburg Research  a little 
over a year ago, saying the intensity and focus put toward 
his career “has come at the cost of missing a lot of the rest 
of the world and the people I care about. ”
Funnell led the Hong Kong options team as a senior 
trader at Citadel Securities, where he worked from 2020 
until a gardening leave in the second quarter of 2024. 
Earlier, he spent time at market-maker Optiver.
Stacey was at The Wall Street Journal from 2013 to 
2017, working out of India as a senior reporter. He later 
became chief development officer at the major family 
office Tattarang and the philanthropy organization it 
backs, Minderoo Foundation.  From 2021 until last year, 
Stacey was global head of external affairs at LeapFrog 
Investments.
The With Intelligence Short Bias Equity Index enjoyed 
a banner year in 2025, returning 22.7%, fifth best among 
201 With Intelligence hedge fund indexes, trailing only 
four Asia-focused indexes. 
Orso... From Page 1
The new vehicle’s lower-risk capital-preservation strat-
egy, with a healthy exposure of around 80 to 100 positions, 
is expected to include a mix of research-driven short posi-
tions as well as long bets on liquid companies and exchange-
traded funds. The offering will concentrate largely on North 
American businesses in the financial, technology, consumer-
discretionary and industrial sectors, with some exposure to 
companies in the European Union and Asia.
A founders share class with investor-friendly fee terms is 
available.
Orso Partners, based in the municipality of South San 
Francisco, Calif., manages its existing short-bias, absolute-
return program for an institutional investor. While the allo-
cator’s identity couldn’t be confirmed, Hedge Fund Alert in 
2019 reported that Atom Investors made a commitment of 
up to $200 million to the startup. 
The average number of positions for that program has 
generally ranged from 50 to 60, mainly in small- and mid-
cap financial, healthcare and technology companies.
Before launching Orso with Matagrano in 2019, Koppi-
kar managed a short portfolio at Tiger Management-seeded 
Sparrow Fund Management for more than two years. Spar-
row had $91 million under man-
Sunlight... From Page 5
 See ORSO on Page 7
February 18, 2026
7
agement when it shut down amid a difficult fundraising 
environment in September 2018. The firm had generated an 
annualized gain of 10.2%, including a 26.4% bump in 2017, 
before unwinding, Hedge Fund Alert reported at the time.
Previously, Koppikar invested in public and private com-
panies for TPG Capital. He also developed a following 
online through his many postings under the “Friendly Bear” 
moniker.
Orso Partners specializes in spotting companies whose 
value is likely to decline. The firm gained 70% in 2022 by 
betting against the technology sector, according to Institu-
tional Investor.
Koppikar next set his sights on shorting what he saw as 
the oversaturated private equity space and its heavy expo-
sure to artificial-intelligence and technology companies. He 
also led the discussion for a topic at Grant’s Interest Rate 
Observer’s fall 2025 conference entitled, “Hotel private 
equity: Y ou can check out any time you like, but you can 
never actually leave. ”
During the fourth quarter, Orso brought on analyst Ryan 
Greener, a onetime senior analyst on Carlson Capital’s $1 
billion-plus Black Diamond Thematic Fund.
Industry veteran Bob Morelli is Orso’s chief operating 
officer, chief financial officer and chief compliance officer.
The With Intelligence Short Bias Equity Index gained 
22.7% in 2025, following a 1.9% rise in 2024. 
  LATEST LAUNCHES
Fund Portfolio Managers Strategy Service Providers Launch Equity at  
Launch (MIL.)
(Unidentified)
Domicile: U.S. and Australia
(See Page 1)
Will Funnell, Daniel Stacey  
and Nathan Victor
Sunlight Partners,
Sydney
Equity: short-bias 
(companies that 
misrepresent 
environmental goals)
March
Orso Beta Arbitrage
Domicile: U.S.
(See Page 1)
Nate Koppikar
Orso Partners,
South San Francisco, Calif.
Equity: short-bias 1Q-26
(Unidentified)
Domicile: U.S.
(See Page 2)
Rob Kaimowitz
SpacePath Capital,
Greenwich, Conn.
Equity: long/short 
(space sector and 
adjacent technologies)
1H-26
www.hedgefundalert.com
Hedge Fund Alert (ISSN: 1530-7832), Copyright 2026, is published weekly by With Intelligence, 41 Madison Avenue, 20th floor, New Y ork 10010. It is illegal to port forward or reproduce the issue or the link, without 
first obtaining permission from Hedge Fund Alert. All issues are watermarked and we routinely monitor forwarding with tracking technology. Copying this publication is in violation of the U.S. Copyright Act (17 
USC 101 et seq.). Violators may be subject to criminal penalties as well as liability for substantial monetary damages, including statutory damages up to $150,000 per infringement, costs and attorney’s fees. 
Howard Kapiloff 
Managing Editor 
917-576-0709 
h.kapiloff@hedgefundalert.com
Mark Mueller 
Editor 
732-939-9801 
m.mueller@hedgefundalert.com
Mike Frassinelli 
Senior Reporter 
973-856-3263 
m.frassinelli@hedgefundalert.com
James Prado Roberts 
Deputy Managing Editor 
732-322-8780  
j.pradoroberts@hedgefundalert.com
Paul McMillan 
Editor-in-Chief, With Intelligence 
646-891-2118 
paul.mcmillan@withintelligence.com
Joel Dudden 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
j.dudden@hedgefundalert.com
Adam Wood 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
a.wood@hedgefundalert.com
Marco Calabrese 
Advertising Sales 
732-546-8346 
marco.calabrese@withintelligence.com
Samantha Marcus 
Senior Reporter 
609-819-2384 
s.marcus@hedgefundalert.com
Todd Palmer 
Senior Technical Designer 
+44-20-7832-6500 
todd.palmer@withintelligence.com
Hedge Fund Alert
Orso... From Page 6
February 18, 2026
8
sitting out a gardening leave after resigning at yearend. 
His next move couldn’t be learned. Lopez, a managing 
director, worked at WorldQuant for nearly three years. 
He previously co-headed customer market-making at 
Virtu Financial,  which he joined in 2017 by way of that 
firm’s purchase of KCG Holdings.  Lopez earlier worked 
as a trader at Getco and as a vice president focused on 
quantitative strategies at TD Securities.  WorldQuant, 
led by Igor Tulchinsky , is Millennium Management’s 
largest portfolio manager. As of December, WorldQuant 
managed $10 billion for Millennium and an additional 
$20 billion via a joint venture called WorldQuant Millen -
nium Advisors.
Asia-focused multi-strategy firm Polymer Capital  has 
added a portfolio manager to invest long and short in 
India equities. Abhishek Rathi began working out of Sin-
gapore this month for the Hong Kong firm. He’ d been a 
PM since 2023 at North Rock Capital  and a sub-PM at 
Millennium Management  before that following stops at 
India asset manager DSP Mutual Fund, ARGA Invest -
ment and Dalton Strategic Partnership.  Polymer, which 
invests in Asia public markets through equity and quanti-
tative strategies, was managing $5 billion as of December. 
Angus Wai, a former head of the Asia-Pacific region at 
SAC Capital and successor Point72 Asset Management , 
launched Polymer with backing from PAG in 2019.
Freestone Grove Partners  has hired a portfolio manager 
who spent the past dozen years at fundamental equity 
shop Interval Partners . Jared Franken, who trades the 
shares of industrial companies, started this month in 
New Y ork. At Interval Partners, he was a managing direc-
tor. Previously, Franken was an analyst at both Parameter 
Capital and Balyasny Asset Management  and an asso -
ciate analyst at Gradient Analytics.  Freestone Grove, 
headquartered in San Francisco, manages $5.5 billion.
After nearly eight years as a senior investment analyst at 
Millennium Management , Jeff Lengler has stepped into 
his first role as a portfolio manager, joining J. Goldman 
& Co. last month in Miami Beach. Lengler, who started 
at Millennium in 2018, focused on the financial sector 
for the multi-strategy giant and for Kingdon Capital  
before that. His resume also includes time as an associ -
ate at Goldman Sachs  and at Macquarie Capital . New 
Y ork-based J. Goldman, an equity-oriented multi-strat -
egy operation, was managing $5 billion of gross assets at 
the end of 2024.
A former Brevan Howard quantitative portfolio manager 
who specializes in cryptocurrency options and mid-fre -
quency trading has taken a similar role at proprietary-
trading shop DRW. Yukun Zhang – whose past jobs have 
taken him to Geneva, Hong Kong, Shanghai, New Y ork 
and Seattle – appears to be working out of DRW’s London 
office. Zhang signed on at the firm this month following 
21 months at Brevan Howard and stops at Amber Group, 
J.P . Morgan, China Insurance Investment Co., Merrill 
Lynch and Russell Investments . Chicago-based DRW 
trades across asset classes.
Millennium Management  has added an analyst focused 
on the stocks of financial companies worldwide. Sam 
Ogburn began working out of Dubai in January for 
the multi-strategy manager after four years at Jefferies, 
most recently as a vice president focused on mergers-
and-acquisitions for the financial-institutions invest -
ment-banking division. Ogburn also was an associate 
and an analyst at Rothschild & Co.  and was an analyst 
at Deutsche Bank.  Millennium, headquartered in New 
Y ork, manages $86.3 billion.
Proprietary-trading firm Tower Research Capital  
brought on a new portfolio manager last month in Lon -
don. Ben Lindsey  previously spent nearly three years at 
$3.2 billion systematic manager GSA Capital , where he 
built a team to make high-frequency trades in European 
and U.S. equity index futures and exchange-traded funds. 
Lindsey previously worked as a trader at D RW, also a 
prop shop. New Y ork-based Tower Research is led by 
Mark Gorton, who founded the firm in 1998. 
THE  
GRAPEVINE
Grapevine ... From Page 1
$86.3 Billion
Millennium AUM
