HIGHWEST GLOBAL MANAGEMENT
PARTNER LETTER | FEBRUARY 2026
1F E B R U A R Y  2 0 2 6  |  H I G H W E S T  G L O B A L  M A N A G E M E N T ,  L L C             C O N F I D E N T I A L
The Highwest investment team is currently engaging 
with AI along two primary dimensions. The first is 
incrementally incorporating AI into our research 
workflows, the second is evaluating how developments 
in AI impact companies in our investible universe.
Starting with our investment process. Professor Charles 
O’Reilly of Stanford Graduate School of Business has an 
elegant framing for the balance required of 
organizations during times of rapid technological 
change, called Organizational Ambidexterity. 
As an organization and as an investment team, we 
must be vigilant that we are allocating sufficient time 
and resources to both the execution of our current 
investment process, and the exploration of new tools 
and innovations stemming from advances in AI.  
Tactically, that means spending part of each day 
actively exploring AI tools in an investment context.
One of our first AI use cases that delighted me – albeit 
a relatively simple one – was tracking multi-
jurisdictional regulatory developments in healthcare.
We are currently invested in hospital groups operating 
in four countries. We are confident in the strong long-
term demand dynamics in each of these end-markets 
and believe that our portfolio companies are well 
positioned to profitably capture that demand. 
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE | A TIME FOR MAXIMUM 
MENTAL FLEXIBILITY
However, regulatory changes are an ever-present risk 
in healthcare. We have been using AI to automate the 
collection and synthesis of regulatory developments 
across countries in multiple languages. This has 
eliminated a lot of manual work, and the promise of AI 
agents to provide further leverage is compelling.
Notably, however, some of what makes the Highwest 
investment process distinctive is unlikely to be 
impacted by AI in the near term. 
I recently got back from a week in Tokyo, where I spent 
hours with the CEOs and CFOs of our portfolio 
companies in various settings, from office boardrooms 
to hotel coffee shops to formal dinners.
As a reminder, our playbook for active engagement 
with public companies that are founder-led and/or 
family-controlled relies to a significant degree on 
constructive personal relationships. 
The leadership at our portfolio companies need to 
know and trust us if they are going to take our advice 
into consideration. We rely on these relationships as 
we communicate our views on capital allocation, 
corporate structure, investor relations, dividend 
policy/buybacks and related topics.
For now, we don’t see these elements of interpersonal 
dynamics changing even with rapid advances in the 
capabilities of AI. 
1. “Organizational Ambidexterity: Past, Present, and Future” Academy of Management Perspectives Vol. 27, No. 4; Published 4 O ct 2013
Organizational Ambidexterity refers to the ability of 
an organization to both explore and exploit—to 
compete in mature technologies and markets…[and to 
compete] where flexibility, autonomy, and 
experimentation are needed. 
- Charles O'Reilly and Michael Tushman1
Given rapid changes in market dynamics recently, this letter addresses Artificial Intelligence and Iran. Our next letter, 
drafted by our colleague Joseph Lin, will detail the attractive multi-year opportunity set that we see in Vietnam today.
2F E B R U A R Y  2 0 2 6  |  H I G H W E S T  G L O B A L  M A N A G E M E N T ,  L L C             C O N F I D E N T I A L
Shifting to how developments in AI are likely to impact 
companies in our investible universe. Just to start, this 
is a time when we need to have maximum mental 
flexibility. We must be curious and humble in the face 
of a fast-evolving technology, always willing to revisit 
our assumptions.  
The first thing that we observed going back to early-
2023 was companies in our portfolio capturing 
efficiency gains from the deployment of AI within their 
organizations. 
A prime early example was Narayana Health (NH), a 
hospital operator in India that we have been invested 
in since fund inception and which we have written 
about at length in past letters. 
In a regional healthcare context, NH has been early and 
aggressive in deploying AI. Initially, NH used the 
technology to automate the drafting of discharge 
summaries for patients, saving doctors countless hours 
of manual work. Since then, the company has been 
incorporating AI across its internally developed hospital 
management system, called Athmâ. 
NH’s audacious goal is to eliminate all jobs that don’t 
directly involve patient care across their 55 facilities. 
NH management is fond of saying a version of: “If you 
are on the hospital floor, you better be wearing 
scrubs.” 
But, as is common with AI, things aren’t so simple and 
straightforward. 
One of NH’s flagship hospitals is in Bangalore, the 
“capital” of the IT service industry in India. There are an 
estimated 1.2 million people directly employed in IT 
services in the city.2
If, in fact, the provision of outsourced IT services is 
heavily impacted by AI, leading to widespread job 
losses, this could indirectly reduce demand at NH’s 
hospitals in Bangalore. 
Notably, there is no evidence of this to date – in fact, 
NH has been on a particularly strong run in its home 
market in recent quarters – but we must be vigilant of 
this risk going forward.
Vinod and me visiting NH in Bangalore last year...
2. CBRE, NASSCOM
We have been undertaking similar analyses throughout 
the portfolio – evaluating opportunities and risks – and 
we will continue to do this as AI capabilities evolve. 
As of today, the key areas where we are invested or are 
actively doing research work include power equipment, 
data centers, semiconductors, and robotics.
3F E B R U A R Y  2 0 2 6  |  H I G H W E S T  G L O B A L  M A N A G E M E N T ,  L L C             C O N F I D E N T I A L
We first met LIG Nex1 in Seoul in December 2024…a 
unique feature of South Korea [is that] historically, 
there have not been many countries in the world that 
needed an “iron dome” style air defense system, much 
less had the ability to develop and manufacture one.
Now, demand is surging for LIG Nex1 systems from 
around the world. In this period of heightened 
geopolitical tensions, new customers are buying LIG 
Nex1 systems from a broad range of countries across 
Southeast Asia, Europe, and the Middle East.
Needless to say, LIG Nex1 has been a bright spot in the 
portfolio in recent weeks during what has admittedly 
been a soggy patch for markets across the Asia-Pacific 
region. 
On balance, countries in Asia are energy importers. As 
such, and with markets broadly going into “risk-off” 
mode, selling has been uniform across regional equities 
so far in March. While we have not made drastic 
changes to the composition of the portfolio recently, 
we remain vigilant of developments in the ongoing 
conflict in the Middle East.
As always, do not hesitate to reach out if you have any 
questions or would like to further discuss what we have 
covered in this letter. Thank you for your ongoing 
interest and support.
- Andrew Nash-Webber
March 10, 2026
“Iran war lifts K-defense company offering cheap 
Patriot rival
LIG Nex1’s Cheongung-II success in real-war 
situation set to foster demand for Korean security 
tech”
- Financial Times
Fast forward to these recent headlines:
March 12, 2026
“South Korea's missile system achieves 96% success 
rate in UAE combat, drawing global media attention 
to K-defense capabilities”
- The Chosun Daily
To say that geopolitical tensions have escalated in 
recent weeks would of course be an understatement. 
War is underway in the Middle East, oil prices have 
spiked to over $100/barrel, and markets have sold-off. 
Below are two excerpts from the letter that we wrote 
to you around this time last year (April 2025):
IRAN & A FEW CLOSING THOUGHTS
For the past several years, we have talked about 
our focus on the countries that stand to benefit 
from the ongoing geopolitical decoupling 
between the US and China. 
From an investment standpoint, we are 
interested in security in all its forms, but as things 
stand in the portfolio today, we are referring 
principally to cybersecurity, defense, and 
sovereign data security. 
In that letter we then went on to describe one of our 
portfolio companies in South Korea: 
LIG Nex1 | South Korea
Founded in 1976, LIG Nex1 is an aerospace company 
that principally develops and manufactures advanced 
air defense weapons systems as well as surveillance, 
reconnaissance, and communications equipment.
Going back to 2022, LIG Nex1 has found ready markets 
for its missile defense system – called Cheongung-II – in 
the UAE, Iraq, and Saudi Arabia. 
When we spoke to industry experts as part of our 
research work, however, the criticism was that LIG 
Nex1’s systems were untested in combat. 
4
Disclaimer
This presentation ("Presentation") is an informational document and does not constitute an offer to sell or a
solicitation of an offer to purchase any limited partnership interests or shares in the Highwest Global Master Fund,
LP via the Highwest Global Fund, LP and Highwest Global Offshore Fund, Ltd (collectively the “Fund”) managed by
Highwest Global Management, LLC (“Highwest"), private investment funds exempt from registration as an
investment company pursuant to section 3(c)(1) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Any such
offer or solicitation shall only be made pursuant to the private placement memorandum of the Fund (the “PPM”),
which qualifies in its entirety the information set forth herein and which should be read carefully prior to an
investment in the Fund. The PPM contains a description of the merits and risks of such an investment and
important information regarding risk factors and conflicts of interest, as well as tax disclosures. The information
contained herein does not take into account the particular investment objectives or financial circumstances of any
specific person who may receive it and is qualified in its entirety by the PPM. In the event of any discrepancies
between the information contained herein and the PPM, the PPM will control. The information herein is not
intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, accounting, legal or tax advice or investment
recommendations. Highwest is not acting and does not purport to act in any way as an advisor or in a fiduciary
capacity vis-a-vis any investor in the Fund. Each recipient of this Presentation should make an independent
investigation as to all matters concerning an investment in the Fund or otherwise described herein, including
consulting with its own tax, legal, accounting or other advisors about the matters concerning an investment in the
Fund or otherwise discussed herein. In making an investment decision, investors must rely upon their own
examination of the Fund and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved.
An investment in the Fund may not be suitable for all investors. An investment in the Fund will be suitable only for
certain financially sophisticated investors who meet certain eligibility requirements, have no need for immediate
liquidity in their investment, and can bear the risk of an investment in the Fund for an extended period of time.
Investing in financial markets involves a substantial degree of risk. There can be no assurance that the investment
objectives described herein will be achieved. Investment losses may occur, and investors could lose some or all
of their investment. The estimates, investment strategies, and views expressed in this Presentation are based
upon past or current market conditions and/or data and information provided by unaffiliated third parties (which
has not been independently verified) and is subject to change without notice.
Securities highlighted or discussed have been selected to illustrate Highwest’s investment approach and/or market
outlook and are not intended to represent the Funds’ performance or be an indicator for how the Funds have
performed or may perform in the future. Each security discussed herein has been selected solely for this purpose
and has not been selected on the basis of performance or any performance-related criteria. The securities
discussed herein do not represent an entire portfolio and, in the aggregate, may only represent a small percentage
of a Fund’s holdings.
The Funds’ portfolios are actively managed and securities discussed may or may not be held in such portfolios at
any given time. Nothing herein shall constitute a recommendation or endorsement to buy or sell any security or
other financial instrument referenced in this presentation. You may request more information regarding the
methodology used in selecting the above positions and each position’s contribution to the overall performance of
the Funds by contacting investors@highwestglobal.com.
Certain information contained in this material constitutes “forward-looking statements,” which can be identified
by the use of forward looking terminology such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “objective,”
“strategy,” “plan,” “project,” “estimate,” “intend,” “continue” or “believe” or the negatives of those terms or
other variations of them or by comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or
results or the actual performance of the Fund may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such
forward-looking statements.
Future investments may be made under different economic conditions and in different securities than those
reflected in the data shown for the applicable period. The information shown is historic, unaudited, does not
reflect the Fund’s performance in all different economic cycles, and past performance is not indicative or a
guarantee of future results.
F E B R U A R Y  2 0 2 6  |  H I G H W E S T  G L O B A L  M A N A G E M E N T ,  L L C             C O N F I D E N T I A L
