HIGHWEST GLOBAL MANAGEMENT
PARTNER LETTER | MARCH 2026
An overview of Vietnam’s recent history
1M A R C H  2 0 2 6  |  H I G H W E S T  G L O B A L  M A N A G E M E N T ,  L L C              C O N F I D E N T I A L
While I have met many of you before, briefly by way of introduction, my name is Joseph Lin, 
and I joined Highwest in 2021. I am a graduate of Peking University and Harvard Business 
School. Prior to Highwest, I spent time investing in both private and public markets at Barings 
Private Equity Asia, Ward Ferry, and Prime Capital.
I am currently based in Hong Kong, and focus my research efforts on North and East Asia, 
including Japan, Korea, Taiwan, and Vietnam. While Highwest does not have direct China 
exposure, I am also vigilant about developments in the country. 
I acquired a property in 2017 in what came to be 
known as the “Manhattan of Ho Chi Minh City.” 
Subsequent market performance validated this 
investment thesis. The chart below illustrates the 
residential new-home price index for Ho Chi Minh 
City over the past eight years.
In the summer of 2015, while at Ward Ferry, I was 
sent to Vietnam for the first time to conduct on-the-
ground investment research. Landing in Ho Chi Minh 
City at 1:00 a.m. on that first trip, it struck me that 
the airport and its surroundings were brightly lit and 
bustling. From that point on, everywhere I looked I 
saw the Vietnamese people striving to improve their 
lives through hard work. 
My initial conclusion was that Vietnam resembled a 
“mini-China,” approximately 10-15 years behind 
China in its stage of development. In the subsequent 
years, I recommended multiple listed Vietnamese 
companies for investment across industries.
By 2017, drawing on my experience and pattern 
recognition from watching China’s economic 
development, I began to look into the feasibility and 
mechanics of acquiring Vietnamese property in a 
personal capacity. 
I firmly believed that if one has long-term conviction 
in a country’s growth, acquiring prime real estate in 
its core cities is a highly effective investment 
strategy. Ho Chi Minh City occupies a position in 
Vietnam similar to that of Shanghai in China. The 
city’s urban structure is also comparable, with a river 
dividing it into eastern and western halves – legacy 
residents on the western bank and newer migrants 
on the eastern bank.
As many of you know, one of our core investment themes is identifying countries and companies that stand to 
benefit from the ongoing geopolitical de-coupling between United States and China. In this letter I offer a deep 
dive into the significant multi-year opportunity that I see in Vietnam today. 
Ho Chi Minh City | Residential Property Prices
(USD/square meter)
Source: CBRE Vietnam
In 2021, after joining Highwest, I became responsible 
for our Vietnam investments. Over the past five 
years, I have traveled between Hong Kong and 
Vietnam more than 50 times for field research. 
Due to the similarities between Vietnam and China 
in culture, institutions, and national conditions, I 
believe that investors in China enjoy a comparative 
advantage when investing in Vietnam – a point that I 
elaborate on below. 
Against the backdrop of rising geopolitical tensions 
between the United States and China, Vietnam has 
emerged as one of the primary beneficiaries of the 
accelerated relocation of U.S.-bound manufacturing 
capacity out of China. 
As illustrated below, in 2025 China’s inbound foreign 
direct investment (FDI) amounted to USD107 billion, 
representing a year-on-year decline of -6.5%. Over 
the same period, Vietnam recorded USD28 billion in 
FDI, up +8.7% year-on-year. 
Notably, Vietnam’s economy, as measured by GDP, is 
less than 3% the size of China’s. Despite this, in 2025 
Vietnam has attracted FDI equivalent to ~25% of 
China’s inflows! 
2
The structural drivers of Vietnam’s growth
Why, among numerous alternatives including India, 
Southeast Asia, and Latin America, has FDI shown 
such a strong preference for Vietnam? 
I believe there are three primary reasons:
Culture
Although Vietnam is geographically part of Southeast 
Asia, culturally and institutionally it belongs to the 
Confucian East Asian tradition. 
Vietnam has deep historical ties with China. 
Beginning in 214 BCE, when the Qin Dynasty 
established Xiang Commandery in northern Vietnam, 
the region experienced varying degrees of Chinese 
rule or tributary status for more than a millennium. 
Direct Chinese rule formally ended in 1428, and 
Vietnam later exited the Chinese tributary system 
following the Sino-French Treaty of 1885.
Over nearly two thousand years, Confucian culture 
profoundly influenced Vietnam. As a result, Vietnam 
shares many cultural characteristics with China, 
including a strong emphasis on education, frugality, 
diligence, and perseverance. These factors have 
enabled Vietnam to cultivate a large pool of skilled 
workers and well-trained professional managers, 
laying a solid foundation for absorbing global supply-
chain relocation. 
It is worth noting that Confucian East Asian 
economies – including Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, 
Japan, and Korea – have produced successive 
economic miracles over the past 50 years. I believe 
that Vietnam is highly likely to become the next such 
economic growth miracle.
Geography
Vietnam’s geographical proximity to China provides a 
significant logistical advantage. Hanoi is only ~170 
kilometers from the Chinese border – comparable to 
the distance between New York and Philadelphia. 
Hai Phong Port, northern Vietnam’s most important 
port, is just a two-day sea journey from Hong Kong. 
This proximity allows multinational corporations to 
relocate downstream manufacturing processes to 
Vietnam while continuing to leverage China’s 
extensive upstream and midstream supply chains. 
M A R C H  2 0 2 6  |  H I G H W E S T  G L O B A L  M A N A G E M E N T ,  L L C              C O N F I D E N T I A L
China | Foreign Direct Investment
(USD billions)
Source: VietCap Securities
Vietnam | Foreign Direct Investment
(USD billions)
As these factories are built and become operational, 
Vietnam is well positioned to replicate the high-
growth trajectories previously seen in other Asian 
economies.
Source: VietCap Securities
3
The beginning of Vietnam’s golden decade
Vietnam enters 2026 with multiple powerful 
tailwinds, including: the election of more market-
oriented national leadership, a trade agreement with 
the United States, and the launch of large-scale 
economic stimulus measures. 
Together, these factors are likely to drive rapid 
economic growth over the coming decade. Below I 
touch on politics, trade, and macroeconomic policy.
Politics
Vietnam’s new Communist Party General Secretary, 
To Lam, assumed office in July 2024. His 
predecessor, Nguyen Phu Trong, who served from 
2011 to 2024, placed heavy emphasis on ideological 
discipline and anti-corruption efforts. During his 
tenure, an estimated ~200,000 public officials were 
investigated, including eight Politburo members. 
Anti-corruption efforts led to bureaucratic inertia. 
For instance, Vietnam’s State Securities Commission 
did not approve any major IPOs from 2020 to 2024. 
Foreign companies found that they often had to wait 
months, or even years, to obtain approvals for 
factory construction applications.
Since taking office, General Secretary To Lam has 
redefined economic development as the nation’s 
highest priority. Over the past 18 months, his key 
initiatives have included:
▪ Restoring administrative efficiency.
▪ Strongly promoting the private sector, with a 
stated goal of increasing its contribution to 
GDP from 50% in 2025 to over 60% by 2045.
▪ Setting aggressive real GDP growth targets. 
Vietnam achieved its 8% real GDP growth 
target in 2025 and has now set a 10% growth 
target for 2026 – the highest among Southeast 
Asian economies. 
All in all, among emerging markets, Vietnam 
arguably has one of the most market-friendly 
leadership teams today.
Indeed, in 2025, imports from China accounted for 
41% of Vietnam’s total imports.
M A R C H  2 0 2 6  |  H I G H W E S T  G L O B A L  M A N A G E M E N T ,  L L C              C O N F I D E N T I A L
Vietnam | Imports By Source Region/Country
(% of total)
Vietnam | Exports By Destination Region/Country
(% of total)
Diplomacy
Vietnam has successfully implemented a “bamboo 
diplomacy” strategy, maintaining close relations with 
both the United States and China. This positions 
Vietnam as a critical bridge between the world’s two 
largest economies at a time when the global system 
is increasingly polarized. 
Notably, exports to the United States represent 32% 
of Vietnam’s total exports – and are growing 
significantly faster than Vietnam’s overall export 
growth.
Source: VietCap Securities
Source: VietCap Securities
4
Our Vietnam portfolio today
I would like to propose a thought experiment. If we 
could travel back to China in 2009 – at the onset of a 
major stimulus-driven acceleration of GDP growth –
what assets would we have purchased?
One of the strongest-performing sectors at the time 
was banking. Driven by rapid credit expansion in 
2009, the share prices of China’s major state-owned 
banks—ICBC, China Construction Bank, and Bank of 
China—rose by an average of over 50% (Agricultural 
Bank of China had not yet listed). 
Well-managed non-state banks such as China 
Merchants Bank, Minsheng Bank, and Bank of 
Ningbo delivered average gains of approximately 
80%.
Our current Vietnam portfolio consists of three 
stocks: two banks and a fintech company, namely 
MB Bank, Vietnam International Bank, and Techcom
Securities.
Trade
The United States is Vietnam’s most important 
trading partner; indeed, exports to the U.S. account 
for approximately one quarter of Vietnamese GDP. 
In April 2025, amid renewed global tariff wars, 
Vietnam faced the prospect of a punitive 46% import 
tariff to the U.S. 
However, following intensive negotiations, Vietnam 
became the second country (after the United 
Kingdom) to reach a tariff agreement with the 
Trump Administration. 
The agreed tariff rate was reduced to 20%, below 
the 26% applied to Vietnam’s global competitors. 
Vietnam’s 2025 trade agreement with the United 
States can be seen as analogous to China’s accession 
to the World Trade Organization in 2001.
Macroeconomic Policy
Vietnam announced a large-scale stimulus program 
in 2025, reminiscent of China’s RMB 4 trillion 
stimulus in 2009. Facing export uncertainty due to 
U.S. tariff risks, Vietnam launched a USD325 billion 
infrastructure investment plan. Over the next five 
years, planned projects include:
▪ 5,000 kilometers of expressways
▪ 500 kilometers of cross-border railways directly 
connecting Hanoi with the Chinese border
▪ Three deep-water ports serving Europe and the 
United States
▪ Two new major international airports
▪ A 1,500-kilometer north–south high-speed 
railway linking Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, 
comparable to China’s Beijing–Shanghai high-
speed rail
When China introduced its stimulus package in 2008-
2009, abundant liquidity fueled sharp asset-price 
appreciation, with the Shanghai Composite Index 
gaining ~80%. 
I believe that similar conditions are in place today in 
Vietnam.
M A R C H  2 0 2 6  |  H I G H W E S T  G L O B A L  M A N A G E M E N T ,  L L C              C O N F I D E N T I A L
Mkt Cap P/E P/B EPS growth
USD bn 2026E 2027E 2026E 2027E 2026E
MB Bank 8.1 7.0x 5.7x 1.3x 1.1x 14.1%
Vietnam Int'l Bank 2.2 6.5x 5.4x 1.1x 0.9x 22.0%
Techcom Securities 4.5 16.4x 13.5x 2.4x 2.1x 15.3%
Our approach as a firm is to be diversified at the 
country level, but concentrated at the stock level. In 
the case of our three stocks in Vietnam today, we 
believe that we own structural growth at attractive 
valuations.
Source: Bloomberg, Highwest estimates
5
Index inclusion & market dynamics
In my view, Vietnam is among the biggest winners 
from recent geopolitical shifts and global supply-
chain realignment. The country has actively 
embraced the U.S.-led international trading system, 
while possessing a workforce and managerial talent 
pool comparable in quality to China. Its new 
leadership under To Lam is among the most market-
oriented in the developing world.
Despite these attractive features, foreigners have yet 
to buy the Vietnam story. Indeed, since we last 
wrote about Vietnam at length – in our February 
2024 letter – foreigners have net sold approximately 
USD10 billion of Vietnamese equities. Locals have 
been buyers of their own market.
The key reason for this disconnect is that Vietnam is 
still classified by key global index providers (e.g.
FTSE, MSCI) as a “Frontier Market” rather than an 
“Emerging Market.”
M A R C H  2 0 2 6  |  H I G H W E S T  G L O B A L  M A N A G E M E N T ,  L L C              C O N F I D E N T I A L
As a result, large international benchmarked funds –
regardless of Vietnam’s fundamentals – are 
constrained by their investment mandates from 
buying Vietnamese equities.
This has created a valuation gap. That gap is 
expected to narrow in September 2026, when FTSE 
is scheduled to upgrade Vietnam to “Emerging 
Market” status. 
According to estimates by Vietnamese brokerage 
VietCap Securities, if both FTSE and MSCI upgrade 
Vietnam, approximately USD9.5 billion of 
international capital could flow into the market, 
triggering a valuation re-rating.
With this catalyst on the near-term horizon, in my 
view, 2026 will mark the beginning of a new era for 
Vietnam’s equity market.
As mentioned previously, I spend a lot of time in Vietnam. If you are planning a trip to the country, please reach out. I 
always appreciate the opportunity to visit companies and trade notes with likeminded investors exploring 
opportunities in this dynamic country.
- Joseph Lin
Vietnam | Monthly And Cumulative Net Equity Flows
(USD millions)
Source: VietCap Securities
6
Disclaimer
This presentation ("Presentation") is an informational document and does not constitute an offer to sell or a
solicitation of an offer to purchase any limited partnership interests or shares in the Highwest Global Master Fund,
LP via the Highwest Global Fund, LP and Highwest Global Offshore Fund, Ltd (collectively the “Fund”) managed by
Highwest Global Management, LLC (“Highwest"), private investment funds exempt from registration as an
investment company pursuant to section 3(c)(1) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Any such
offer or solicitation shall only be made pursuant to the private placement memorandum of the Fund (the “PPM”),
which qualifies in its entirety the information set forth herein and which should be read carefully prior to an
investment in the Fund. The PPM contains a description of the merits and risks of such an investment and
important information regarding risk factors and conflicts of interest, as well as tax disclosures. The information
contained herein does not take into account the particular investment objectives or financial circumstances of any
specific person who may receive it and is qualified in its entirety by the PPM. In the event of any discrepancies
between the information contained herein and the PPM, the PPM will control. The information herein is not
intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, accounting, legal or tax advice or investment
recommendations. Highwest is not acting and does not purport to act in any way as an advisor or in a fiduciary
capacity vis-a-vis any investor in the Fund. Each recipient of this Presentation should make an independent
investigation as to all matters concerning an investment in the Fund or otherwise described herein, including
consulting with its own tax, legal, accounting or other advisors about the matters concerning an investment in the
Fund or otherwise discussed herein. In making an investment decision, investors must rely upon their own
examination of the Fund and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved.
An investment in the Fund may not be suitable for all investors. An investment in the Fund will be suitable only for
certain financially sophisticated investors who meet certain eligibility requirements, have no need for immediate
liquidity in their investment, and can bear the risk of an investment in the Fund for an extended period of time.
Investing in financial markets involves a substantial degree of risk. There can be no assurance that the investment
objectives described herein will be achieved. Investment losses may occur, and investors could lose some or all
of their investment. The estimates, investment strategies, and views expressed in this Presentation are based
upon past or current market conditions and/or data and information provided by unaffiliated third parties (which
has not been independently verified) and is subject to change without notice.
Certain information contained in this material constitutes “forward-looking statements,” which can be identified
by the use of forward looking terminology such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “objective,”
“strategy,” “plan,” “project,” “estimate,” “intend,” “continue” or “believe” or the negatives of those terms or
other variations of them or by comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or
results or the actual performance of the Fund may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such
forward-looking statements.
Descriptions of individual securities were selected using objective, non-performance based criteria. These
individual securities do not represent all of the securities purchased, sold, or recommended for the Fund; it should
not be assumed that investments in the securities identified and discussed were or will be profitable. The Fund is
actively managed and securities discussed in this letter may or may not be held at any given time. Nothing in this
letter shall constitute a recommendation or endorsement to buy or sell any security referenced in this letter. The
information contained herein is current as of the date indicated on the cover of this Presentation. There is no
obligation to update, modify or amend this communication or to otherwise notify a reader in the event that any
matter stated herein changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate. Highwest does not intend to update this
Presentation on a regular basis.
© 2019 Highwest Global Management, LLC
M A R C H  2 0 2 6  |  H I G H W E S T  G L O B A L  M A N A G E M E N T ,  L L C              C O N F I D E N T I A L
