1 Sources: US Bank Global Fund Services, Paladyne, Iguana Investments Ltd. Figures are Net of Fees and refer to past performance. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. 
 
  
Iguana Long/Short Fund Newsletter – January 2026  The Fund returned 3.6% in January1 and therefore is up 18.7% over the last 12 months and +50.5% since launch in April 2021. With the Fund approaching its fifth anniversary, we continue to compound returns at over 8% per annum, driving returns from successful transformation stockpicking while maintaining relatively low net exposure to the wider market: at end-January, Fund gross exposure was 115% (β-adj 93%), net equity exposure was 23% (β-adj 22%), with β and δ-adjusted net exposure (i.e. after taking account of individual stock betas and the effect of the index put options) was +3%. Last month we discussed our overall investment outlook and reviewed key ideas so this month we will keep it brief - review what’s working in the portfolio (and what is not), discuss a few changes we have made in the early part of the year, and finally comment on a few key stock results.  Looking forward, we continue to see a lot for stock markets to digest. We continue to think the US is likely to surge forward economically, with more rate cuts and handouts coming, while the markets are also starting to confront the employment and margin implications of widespread and inexpensive AI. We continue to remain focused on finding individual companies that are improving across a wide range of sectors and geographies. The most significant sector long for us remains healthcare (at c.20% of adjusted gross), and we are also generally long the US auto industry. We remain long gold miners but with a strong performance from the sector in January, we took profits, reinvesting gains in some new ideas which we will discuss in future newsletters. We remain optimistic about the prospects for the fund to continue compounding in 2026. With strong market moves, there may well be some setbacks along the way, but our results demonstrate our ability (over the medium term) to deliver a portfolio resilient against macroeconomic pressures.  What worked (and didn’t work) in January Strong performance in January is primarily due to the gold mining position in the fund, extensively discussed at the end of last year. With the gold price going asymptotic towards the end of the month, after some debate we cut back the gold mining positions, selling in total around three percentage points of NAV, but we remain pretty positive on gold in the medium term. Figure 1 summarises the top 5 contributors to the +3.6% January fund return. As you can see, they were fairly broad based across sectors. I would pick out especially the fund manager Ashmore, which rallied particularly hard in the month as consensus was positioned for continuing negative flows while in fact the company is now seeing inflows; and American Axle which completed its acquisition of UK listed camshaft manufacturer Dowlais and its share price is starting to reprice given it now looks to be a very inexpensive large global auto supplier with a good market position and lots of synergies from the deal.   Figure 1: Top five contributors to Fund performance in January 2026 
 Source: Iguana Investments Ltd (based on data from Paladyne, US Bank Global Fund Services). Unaudited figures. 
Side Company Sector Reason for performance Action taken
Long New Gold ResourcesGold mining Strong rally gold price Position halved
Long Ashmore Financials Positive emerging market investment flowsBought more
Long Gilead Pharma Improving sentiment No action taken
Long American Axle Autos Strong 2025 numbers Bought more
Long Melrose Aerospace No specific newsflow identified Position slightly trimmed
Iguana Jan 2026 Newsletter                                      Institutional and Professional investors only   
   - 2 -  
As ever in fund management, and despite our best efforts, not everything works out for us! Figure 2 summarises the top 5 portfolio detractors in January. You can see our comments below: two positions were closed on risk grounds, but we have also held on to our guns where we feel the medium-term picture could revert back in the fundamental direction we feel the company may be taking. As a general observation about the portfolio, while we are well positioned and indeed making good money overall in this market environment the main area, we are focused on monitoring the short book. We are seeing that many cyclical share price charts show there is a lot of positioning being added to as previously bearish investors who were focused on the effect of tariffs are becoming increasingly comfortable with the improving US economic growth thesis. Our job from a risk management perspective in such an environment is to continue reviewing our thesis and if we think the company is not seeing a gradual deterioration, for whatever reason, it is time to back away, plus we also operate stop losses and in these situations and we will back away regardless of our view of the rationality or otherwise of the share price.  Figure 2: Top five detractors to Fund performance in January 2026 
 Source: Iguana Investments Ltd (based on data from Paladyne, US Bank Global Fund Services). Unaudited figures.  Positioning changes during the month While not wishing to burden you with too much detail I think there are a few positioning changes to note during January. Generally speaking we have undertaken three actions: (1) exited positions where after a detailed review we believe our thesis is either less valid or where we have given the position a “lot of time to work” and for some reason it hasn’t, typically this is up to a year for the business to generate the sort of earnings momentum we want to see from a transformation; (2) added new positions; (3) exited some positions which while perfectly reasonable in principle are perhaps not ones we want to scale up in the current environment from a portfolio risk perspective. Let’s look at these categories in turn: (1) Exiting positions where our thesis is challenged. A key stock to mention here is US payments company Paypal, which we have discussed in a number of previous newsletters. During 2025 despite some strong early signs and a number of modest EPS upgrades at quarterly earnings reports, the share price simply failed to go up as we had hoped – quite the reverse. In mid-January after yet another review we decided to exit the position-  given the internal initiatives were not working as quickly as initially anticipated and there is a risk that a weaker payments sector may precipitate a fall in the top line numbers. At time of writing this now looks like the case, accompanied by a CEO exit. When I review this position, speaking frankly, we would still look closely at a stock like Paypal and I must confess to being a little bit “sore at the market” because the upgrades didn’t move the share price as we had expected in 2025, but in the end the market is always right and a key learning point is to spend more time ensuring we fully understand the pressures on the overall sector rather than just focusing on a single company. We have taken that on board and indeed spent most of last summer looking at the entire Pharma sector before deciding which individual stocks to buy. (2) New positions. Probably the main action we have taken in January is to further raise our Pharma sector exposure, buying a couple of new midcap pharma positions in addition to our larger cap positions: Gilead, Biogen, Astra Zeneca, Glaxo and Bristol-Myers. One company worth mentioning is US animal pharma company ElanCo where we have scaled up our position. ELAN has been gradually turning itself around by launching a number of new products including one that helps treat dog itching. The company has a bit more leverage than we normally like, at 3.2x 2026E ND:EBITDA, but this is mainly due to past acquisitions which are unlikely to be 
Side Company Sector Reason for performance Action taken
Short European industrialMining Rally due improving sector sentimentPosition closed
Short European auto supplierAutos Reasonable 2025 profit outcomePosition closed
Short US REIT Real estate "No new bad news" share price bouncePosition held
Long Covivio Real estate No specific newsflow identified Position cut back
Short US staple Household products"No new bad news" share price bouncePosition held
Iguana Jan 2026 Newsletter                                      Institutional and Professional investors only   
   - 3 -  
repeated and a lot of investment in new product development. However, cashflow is now improving as these new products come to market. Sentiment on animal health stocks collapsed after the end of lockdown but unlike many of the Covid fad stocks the boom in pets was a real thing - these animals are not going anywhere and instead need to be kept healthy. ELAN trades at around 13x EBITDA and in the past animal health companies have been on around 20x EBITDA, because unlike Pharma companies the on-market duration of the products tends to be much longer once approved. Another new position to highlight is Teck Resources. We are gradually redeploying some of our profits for Gold miners into this Copper miner. Teck is being bought/merged with Anglo American and because this looks a complicated deal the stock multiple is pretty low for a Copper miner at around 6.5x EBITDA. Combining the two companies should yield lots of operational synergies because the facilities for each mine are physically quite close and so can share infrastructure. I will confess I had not appreciated this really obvious point until we looked closely at the deal, but when we did, we got very excited about what had previously looked to us like a rather dull bit of financial engineering. As Copper miner share prices are nearly as high as Gold miner share prices, we are tiptoeing into this position but are pretty optimistic about it for the medium term. (3) Exits which may be hard to scale up at current stock price levels. This is always a challenging area and often the best way to “solve” this problem is to have a combination of strict price targets based on fundamentals plus lots of competition from potential new ideas. One example is UK precious metals recycling company Johnson Matthey which has been a 2%-type position for us in 2025, working well. The rally in Gold and Silver also lifted this stock well beyond our “target price” and as a result we have opted to sell it as we have other more inexpensive stock ideas. We have also sold the defence stock Saab for broadly the same reasons, leaving our defence exposure expressed via UK-listed Chemring. Finally, we have extended our put options until March/April of this year, trimming back some of our Gold miners to fund this trade. This should give the portfolio resilience against a major market selloff which is not our base case – quite the reverse – but a hedged fund is all about spending time planning for what might happen not simply investing in what we think will happen. So, if a big market problem does start to happen, we will have some protection out there.   A few results snippets so far in 2026 Again without going into too much detail, we wanted to share some comments from management in the current set of results. The general mood music from US corporates seems much more positive than the past couple of years, in our judgement, probably because the tariff issue which so many were worried about is in the rear-view mirror. And to be fair many are doing a good job of improving their business. Here are a few selected quotes for you, sourced from Bloomberg transcripts: • Ashmore (which has had nearly 5 years of investor fund outflows): "Ashmore has delivered strong AuM growth over the six months, with broad-based net inflows and continued investment outperformance … the Group's financial results are also strong with returns on seed capital investments contributing to … diluted EPS approximately double the prior year.” (CEO remarks)  • Bristol-Myers (which at <10x PE is not priced for a topline return to growth): “On a [2025] full-year basis, it is worth pointing out that despite a decline of roughly $4 billion in revenue from our Legacy Portfolio, the Growth Portfolio nearly offset all of that … we've built a growth portfolio that has very strong momentum coming into the year … and have a pipeline of differentiated assets that is now within months of meaningful data readouts.” (CEO on analyst call)  • Dana International (an autos supplier which trades on around 10x 2027E PE): “We had a really good Q4 … our EBITDA is about 10% better than consensus estimates … free cash flow, it's the highest the company has delivered since 2013. Our 3-year backlog at $750 million is up versus 
Iguana Jan 2026 Newsletter                                      Institutional and Professional investors only   
   - 4 -  
the backlog that we reported a year-ago.  We bought back in 2025, about 23% of our shares outstanding … and we have strong momentum going into 2026.” (CEO on analyst call) And perhaps the final word … from WestGold Resources, an Australian goldminer that we have recently added to the portfolio: • “Look, these are a great set of numbers, but I can assure you we're not high fiving ourselves on this side of the mic. This year, the focus is very simple, consistent operational delivery … what does success look like in this business? Consistent delivery of over 100,000 ounces safely per quarter. Today, Westgold is unhedged, debt-free, and the momentum is building.” (CEO on analyst call)  As we said last month, the exciting thing about Transformation Investing is that stocks can re-rate in all business environments and so we have a successful niche. As long as we keep working hard to identify interesting companies, and consistently apply our tried and tested investment appraisal processes, we have faith that we can continue to deliver in 2026.   As ever, for any more information on the fund and performance, or simply to comment on newsletters or our investment process please don’t hesitate to drop us a line at info@iguanainvestments.com  Chris Reid Portfolio Manager & CIO           
Iguana Jan 2026 Newsletter                                      Institutional and Professional investors only   
   - 5 -  
Disclaimer:   This financial promotion is issued by Iguana Investments Limited (“Iguana Investments”, “us”, “we”, “our”) which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”). This document is only made available to professionals and eligible counterparties as defined by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”). Any other person who receives this document should not rely upon it.  The content of this document is for information only and is not intended to be independent investment research. It is not an invitation to buy or sell an investment and is not advice on investments, taxation or on any other matter. The investment services of Iguana Investments Ltd. are only available to professional clients and eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA’s rules. They are not available to retail clients. This information is not intended to be used by or distributed to any person or entity in a jurisdiction or country where this would be contrary to local law or regulation.  We believe the information in this document is based on reliable sources, but its accuracy cannot be guaranteed. The opinions expressed represent our views at the time of publication and are subject to change. Iguana Investments Ltd. will not be liable for any losses relating to the accuracy, completeness, or use of information in this document, including any consequential loss.  Past performance and/ or forecasts are not a reliable indicator of future performance. You may lose some or all the amount originally invested. Your capital is at risk. The information provided does not constitute a personal recommendation to invest, tax or legal advice. You may wish to seek independent advice. The investment products and services described may have tax consequences. Any tax reliefs referred to (where applicable) are those currently available and their value depends on the circumstances of the individual investor. The levels and bases of taxation may change, and we do not provide tax advice. You should consult your own tax advisor in order to understand the tax consequences of the products and services described. Where investments are exposed to currencies other than the base currency, they may be subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations.   The information provided is not directed at you if we are prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. Products or services mentioned in this document are subject to legal and regulatory requirements in applicable jurisdictions and may not be available in all jurisdictions. Accordingly, persons are required to inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions.”  A Prospectus and Key Investor Information Document (in English) is available for this Fund and can be provided by Iguana Investments Ltd upon request. Please read it carefully before investing. The Fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses must be considered carefully before any decision to invest.   This is a marketing communication. This is not a contractually binding document. Please refer to the Prospectus of the UCITS and to the KIID and do not base any final investment decision on this communication alone.   The Fund has appointed as Swiss Representative Waystone Fund Services (Switzerland) SA, Av. Villamont 17, 1005 Lausanne, Switzerland, Tel: +41 21 311 17 77, switzerland@waystone.com The Fund’s Swiss paying agent is Banque Cantonale de Genève. In respect of the Shares offered in Switzerland, the place of performance is at the registered office of the Swiss Representative; the place of jurisdiction is at the registered office of the Swiss Representative, or at the registered office or domicile of the investor.    The registered office of Iguana Investments is 8 Hope Street Yard, Hope Street, Cambridge, CB1 3NA  Contact: info@iguanainvestments.com. Copyright © 2026, Iguana Investments Ltd. All rights reserved.
