M O N T H L Y F U N D R E V I E W
The Invenomic Fund returned 0.41% compared to -4.98% for the S&P 1500 Index and -0.14% for the LAB Long/Short Liquid Index. 
The long portfolio detracted 6.03% and the short portfolio contributed 6.83% during the month, on a gross basis. The portfolio 
averaged 109.2% long and -92.8% short, resulting in average net exposure of 16.5% and average gross exposure of 202%. The 
portfolio has 154 long and 123 short positions as of month-end.
M O N T H L Y C O M M E N T A R Y
The market and factor volatility seen in February carried over into March with the S&P 500 Index falling -4.98%. Momentum had 
tremendous swings during the month falling -6.17% over the first five trading days of the month before rallying +12.05% by March 
25th. This 13-day momentum rally was the fourth strongest in the history of the JPM Pure Momentum Pair, dating back over 21 
years. As we look at the behavior of momentum, we see that sharp upward moves in the factor have historically been during 
periods of instability. We believe that we continue to build towards an inflection point in markets. While the catalyst is unknown, 
we believe that there could be several events that could trigger a reversal. 
The first, and most obvious to us, would be a reduction in capital expenditures from the hyperscalers for investments in Artificial 
Intelligence (AI). We believe this is far more likely than most people believe because the hyperscalers are rapidly approaching 
negative free cash flow. As we see it, there is no visible ROI for the incredible amount of capital they have put into AI. At some 
point, they will have to take their foot off the gas. 
The second event is the SpaceX, Anthropic and OpenAI IPOs. Collectively those three companies will be coming to market with a 
cumulative valuation of nearly $4 trillion. The issue we observe is that there is not enough demand for these companies from the 
market.  They have already allowed SpaceX accelerated access into the NASDAQ 100. There is strong speculation that Anthropic 
and OpenAI will follow suit. They can do this because the rules in NASDAQ index inclusion were changed to allow SpaceX to 
become a core holding in the index after just 15 days. We do not believe pushing these companies on passive investors bodes 
well for the market long-term.
The fund performed well during the quarter, returning +3.69% compared to -3.81% for the S&P 1500 Index. The long portfolio 
returned -1.44% while the short portfolio returned +5.05%, both on a gross basis. Within the long portfolio the biggest detractor 
was Industrials, costing -2.67% gross. The companies within Industrials that hurt us the most have a heavy software element to 
their business. On the short side, Financials were the biggest contributor to performance, adding +3.31% on a gross basis.
As we look at the portfolio today, we couldn’t be more excited about the opportunities in it. The opportunity we have been given 
to buy high quality software companies is truly remarkable. We do not believe that the companies we have identified are at risk 
of being displaced by AI in any meaningful way. While the services they provide could in theory be replicated by AI models, the 
headache and cost of doing so would not be practical. 
Our short portfolio is full of some of the most overvalued companies we have ever seen. When the hype around these 
businesses fades and they are forced to face the economic reality of their business, we expect the price correction to be quite 
substantial. We believe the path to fair valuation will be a volatile one, which is often the case for markets like these. We continue 
to rely on our process, which has allowed us to navigate conditions like these in the past. 
Please do not hesitate to reach out if you have any questions.
INVENO MIC F UND LP
M A R C H  2 0 2 6  C O M M E N T A R Y

INVENO MIC F UND LP
M A R C H  2 0 2 6  C O M M E N T A R Y
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
This document is confidential and proprietary information to Invenomic Capital Management, LP (“Invenomic”), and not intended for public 
use or distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this presentation may not be reproduced or otherwise distributed in whole or in part 
without the prior express written consent of Invenomic. This confidential document is for informational purposes only and does not 
constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or partnership interests described herein. Such an offer may be 
extended only after an investor has received a confidential offering memorandum concerning Invenomic Fund, L.P, or Invenomic Offshore 
Fund, LP. Please refer to the applicable confidential offering memorandum and related documentation for more information on Invenomic’s 
investment strategy and risks.  All information as of 3/31/2026, unless otherwise indicated.  Past performance is not indicative of future 
results.  Actual results may vary and include the possibility of loss.  All performance figures are unaudited and are based on the net asset 
value of the highest fee-paying series of investors, that being Series D Shareholders. Performance figures prior to the launch of Series D, 
which occurred in February 2023, are provided pro forma. Invenomic may discuss and display, charts, graphs, formulas and stock picks 
which are not intended to be used by themselves to determine which securities to buy or sell, or when to buy or sell them. Such charts 
and graphs offer limited information and should not be used on their own to make investment decisions. Consultation with a licensed 
financial professional is strongly suggested. Net performance figures reflect the deduction of all fees and expenses including the incentive 
allocation to the General Partner. Series Shareholders other than Series D shareholders may be subject to different fee arrangements which 
may result in the outcome of different performance figures. Long exposure is the percentage of dollar capital invested in the long book. 
Short exposure is the percentage of dollar capital in the short book. The S&P 1500 combines three leading indices, the S&P 500, the S&P 
MidCap 400, and the S&P SmallCap 600, to cover approximately 90% of U.S. market capitalization. The Standard and Poor's 500, or simply 
the S&P 500, is a stock market index tracking the stock performance of 500 leading companies listed on stock exchanges in the United 
States. The LAB Long/Short Liquid Index is one of three sub-indexes of the LAB Liquid Index. The LAB Long/Short Liquid Index seeks to track 
the aggregate performance of equity-directional hedge funds, which generally seek to profit from stock-picking, and which may be region, 
sector, or market capitalization focused.  The LAB Long/Short Liquid Index is published daily. The JP Morgan Pure Momentum Index is a 
selection of U.S. Equities, optimized for the momentum factor and is sector-neutral. These indexes are not professionally managed. Certain 
information contained in the document constitutes forward-looking statements which can be identified by the use of forward-looking 
terminology such as “may,”“will,”“should,”“expect,”“anticipate,”“target,”“project,”“estimate,” or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or 
comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results or the actual performance of the investment 
strategy may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. The investment strategy described 
herein is intended as a supplement to an overall investment program. This document has been prepared from original sources and data 
believed to be reliable. However, no representations are made as to the accuracy or completeness thereof. Except where otherwise 
indicated herein, the information provided herein is based on matters as they exist as of the date of preparation and not as of any future 
date and will not be updated or otherwise revised to reflect information that subsequently becomes available or circumstance existing or 
changes occurring after the date hereof. While the information contained in this presentation is believed to be accurate, Invenomic does not 
make any express or implied warranty or representation as to the completeness or accuracy, nor do they accept any responsibility for 
errors appearing in this presentation.
