M O N T H L Y F U N D R E V I E W
The Invenomic Fund returned 6.56% compared to -0.43% for the S&P 1500 Index and -0.93% for the LAB Long/Short Liquid Index. 
The long portfolio contributed 4.16% and the short portfolio contributed 2.12% during the month, on a gross basis. The portfolio 
averaged 111.1% long and -91.4% short, resulting in average net exposure of 19.7% and average gross exposure of 202.6%. The 
portfolio has 146 long and 108 short positions as of month-end.
M O N T H L Y C O M M E N T A R Y
February was a strong month for the fund, despite extreme factor volatility. Gains were driven by both the long and the short 
portfolios. The Goldman Sachs High Beta Momentum Basket (GSPRHIMO) was up 6.75% on February 2nd only to fall 9.78% the 
following day. This level of volatility is abnormally high and is largely masked by the performance of the broad market indices. As 
seen in the chart below, during the same two-day period, the S&P 500 Index was down 0.84% and 0.51%, respectively. The 
average market observer would have little to no idea of what was happening below the surface. Given that our strategy is 
negatively correlated with momentum, the Fund, on a gross basis was down 2.9% on the first day of the month, followed by a 
sharp rebound of 5.9% the following day. 
INVENO MIC F UND LP
F E B R U A R Y  2 0 2 6  C O M M E N T A R Y
Source: Bloomberg, Invenomic.  Fund in this chart refers to the 
Invenomic Fund LP (gross returns)
Software stocks were hit exceptionally hard during February, falling by nearly 10% after declining more than 14% in January. The 
narrative that AI is going to supplant software companies is growing louder and the momentum behind the trade is getting 
stronger. Like much of the narrative surrounding AI, we believe that theme has gotten ahead of itself and the fundamentals. As 
a result of the sharp sell-off in software companies, our long exposure to the Information Technology sector grew from 14.1% at 
the end of January to 22.1% at the end of February. Our net exposure to IT stood at -2.3% at month end, compared to -10.6% at 
the end of January. We selectively bought high quality software companies that we believe are insulated from AI risk and will 
ultimately benefit from the inclusion of AI in their offerings. The companies that we identified have strong, durable free cash 
flow and have traded down due to the market narrative, rather than fundamentals. As seen in the chart below, Semiconductors 
have outperformed Software by a staggering 4 standard deviations over the last 50 days. Market participants are all-in on one 
side of this trade, believing that AI will destroy software companies. Our portfolio construction and investment process were 
specifically designed to take advantage of this type of opportunity.

Given the economic and geopolitical backdrop, we expect volatility to remain high for the foreseeable future. This will certainly 
impact our portfolio in the short-term, but we believe it sets up wonderful longer-term opportunities. Narrative-driven market 
conditions like these can be frustrating but the ability to filter out the noise and focus on fundamentals is extremely exciting. 
While it is impossible to predict when the inflection point will happen, we will continue to rely on our investment process which 
has served us well over time.
Please do not hesitate to reach out if you have any questions.
INVENO MIC F UND LP
F E B R U A R Y  2 0 2 6  C O M M E N T A R Y
Source: DataTrek Research.

INVENO MIC F UND LP
F E B R U A R Y  2 0 2 6  C O M M E N T A R Y
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
This confidential document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy 
any securities or partnership interests described herein. Such an offer may be extended only after an investor has received a 
confidential offering memorandum concerning Invenomic Fund, L.P. Please refer to the applicable confidential offering memorandum 
and related documentation for more information on Invenomic’s investment strategy and risks.  All information as of 2/28/2026, unless 
otherwise indicated.  Past performance is not indicative of future results.  Actual results may vary and include the possibility of loss.  All 
performance figures are unaudited and are based on the net asset value of the highest fee-paying series of investors, that being Series 
D Shareholders. Performance figures prior to the launch of Series D, which occurred in February 2023, are provided pro forma. 
Invenomic may discuss and display, charts, graphs, formulas and stock picks which are not intended to be used by themselves to 
determine which securities to buy or sell, or when to buy or sell them. Such charts and graphs offer limited information and should not 
be used on their own to make investment decisions. Consultation with a licensed financial professional is strongly suggested. Net 
performance figures reflect the deduction of all fees and expenses including the incentive allocation to the General Partner. Series 
Shareholders other than Series D shareholders may be subject to different fee arrangements which may result in the outcome of 
different performance figures. Long exposure is the percentage of dollar capital invested in the long book. Short exposure is the 
percentage of dollar capital in the short book. VanEck Semiconductor ETF (SMH®) seeks to replicate as closely as possible, before fees 
and expenses, the price and yield performance of the MVIS® US Listed Semiconductor 25 Index (MVSMHTR), which is intended to track 
the overall performance of companies involved in semiconductor production and equipment. MVIS US Listed Semiconductor 25 Index is 
the exclusive property of MarketVector Indexes GmbH (a wholly owned subsidiary of Van Eck Securities Corporation), which has 
contracted with Solactive AG to maintain and calculate that index. The iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF seeks to track the 
investment results of an index composed of North American equities in the software industry and select North American equities from 
interactive home entertainment and interactive media and services industries. The Standard and Poor's 500, or simply the S&P 500, is a 
stock market index tracking the stock performance of 500 leading companies listed on stock exchanges in the United States. 
Bloomberg Pure US Momentum Index represents the return of Momentum factor from PORT <GO> US Equity model in Bloomberg. This 
factor separates stocks based on their 1-year price performance. These indexes are not professionally managed.
