M O N T H L Y F U N D R E V I E W
The Invenomic Fund returned -3.09% compared to 1.68% for the S&P 1500 Index and -1.37% for the LAB Long/Short Liquid Index. 
The long portfolio contributed 0.54% and the short portfolio detracted 3.84% during the month, on a gross basis. The portfolio 
averaged 113.4% long and -94.4% short, resulting in average net exposure of 19.0% and average gross exposure of 207.7%. The 
portfolio has 158 long and 113 short positions as of month-end.
M O N T H L Y C O M M E N T A R Y
As anticipated, we saw heightened market volatility to start 2026. Small caps started the year with notable strength, with the 
Russell 2000 Index returning +5.39% compared to the S&P 500 Index returning +1.45%. A major driver of the strength of small 
caps in January was the performance of low-quality companies, which returned +9.70%, as defined by the UBS Low Quality 
Index. The momentum factor continued its historic run in January, with the Bloomberg US Pure Momentum Index (PMOMENUS) 
returning +2.07%. This was the strongest January return for the index in the history of the dataset going back to 2000.
INVENO MIC F UND LP
J A N U A R Y  2 0 2 6  C O M M E N T A R Y
Source: Bloomberg, Invenomic. As of 1/31/26.
To say that the current momentum run is historic would be an understatement. As seen in the chart above, the last 36-
month total return for momentum is overwhelmingly the strongest in history. As of January 31, 2026, the trailing 36-month 
return for PMOMENUS was +23.2%, which is nearly two times as high as any other 36-month period in history. Notably, the 
average 36-month return for PMOMENUS is just +0.94%. Naturally, after prolonged periods of abnormal market behavior like 
this, investors are questioning whether the world has changed. While it always makes sense to question changing market 
dynamics, we see the current environment as extremely risky and driven by narrative rather than economic reality. We cannot 
envision a world in which paying a premium for companies with little to no free cash flow potential becomes sustainable 
long-term.
As of January 31st, the forward P/E ratio of the S&P 500 Index was over 26x; one of the highest levels in history. The Shiller 
Cyclically Adjusted P/E stood at a staggering 40x at month end. Looking back in history, forward 10-year returns for the S&P 500 
Index when the CAPE is 40x or higher have been negative in every instance. Market valuations are near, or at, all-time highs 
across virtually every metric, at the same time as households and institutions are carrying all-time high equity exposure and 
leverage. Whenever these three converge, it has translated into a very difficult period for the market. We remain extremely 
excited about both our long and short portfolios. We expect volatility to remain elevated for the foreseeable future. As ever, we 
will continue to rely on our investment process which has served us well over time. Despite persistent headwinds in the face of 
our investment approach, we have stayed true to our discipline. 
Please do not hesitate to reach out if you have any questions.
INVENO MIC F UND LP
J A N U A R Y  2 0 2 6  C O M M E N T A R Y
Source: Invesco.

INVENO MIC F UND LP
J A N U A R Y  2 0 2 6  C O M M E N T A R Y
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
This confidential document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities or partnership interests described herein. Such an offer may be extended only after an investor 
has received a confidential offering memorandum concerning Invenomic Fund, L.P. Please refer to the applicable confidential 
offering memorandum and related documentation for more information on Invenomic’s investment strategy and risks.  All 
information as of 1/31/2026, unless otherwise indicated.  Past performance is not indicative of future results.  Actual results 
may vary and include the possibility of loss.  All performance figures are unaudited and are based on the net asset value of 
the highest fee-paying series of investors, that being Series D Shareholders. Performance figures prior to the launch of Series 
D, which occurred in February 2023, are provided pro forma. Invenomic may discuss and display, charts, graphs, formulas 
and stock picks which are not intended to be used by themselves to determine which securities to buy or sell, or when to 
buy or sell them. Such charts and graphs offer limited information and should not be used on their own to make investment 
decisions. Consultation with a licensed financial professional is strongly suggested. Net performance figures reflect the 
deduction of all fees and expenses including the incentive allocation to the General Partner. Series Shareholders other than 
Series D shareholders may be subject to different fee arrangements which may result in the outcome of different 
performance figures. The S&P 1500 combines three leading indices, the S&P 500, the S&P MidCap 400, and the S&P SmallCap 
600, to cover approximately 90% of U.S. market capitalization. The LAB Long/Short Liquid Index is one of three sub-indexes 
of the LAB Liquid Index. The LAB Long/Short Liquid Index seeks to track the aggregate performance of equity-directional 
hedge funds, which generally seek to profit from stock-picking, and which may be region, sector, or market capitalization 
focused.  The LAB Long/Short Liquid Index is published daily. The Russell 3000 Index measures the performance of 3,000 of 
the largest U.S. companies representing approximately 96% of the investable U.S. equity market. The Russell 1000 
Value/Growth Index measures the relative performance of a combination of their component indexes, the Russell 1000 Value 
Index and the Russell 1000 Growth Index and a cash component. The Russell 1000 Value/Growth Index represents a positive 
weighting on the Russell 1000 Value Index and a negative weighting on the Russell 1000 Growth Index. The Russell 1000 is 
comprised of 1000 of the largest U.S. publicly-traded companies and is constructed based on the market capitalization of 
those companies. The Russell Midcap Index is an unmanaged market capitalization-weighted index of 800 medium-
capitalization stocks. These indexes are not professionally managed. Bloomberg Pure US Momentum Index represents the 
return of Momentum factor from PORT <GO> US Equity model in Bloomberg. This factor separates stocks based on their 1-
year price performance.
