KYMA CAPITAL 
OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND LIMITED 
INVESTOR LETTER 
Q1 2026 
CONFIDENTIAL - DO NOT COPY OR DISTRIBUTE 

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RETURNS             2 
To Our Investors 
The Fund delivered a solid return this quarter, particularly in the context of the sharp dislocation across risk assets 
in March. As we have seen repeatedly, periods of volatility tend to create the kind s of dislocations that allow us to 
uncover new, highly attractive opportunities, and this quarter was no exception. 
More broadly, our opportunity set has expanded meaningfully. Investors will have noted our prolific activity in 
emerging markets over the past few years, always with the protection of strong rule -of-law frameworks, where 
dislocations were particularly acut e. Today, that opportunity set is increasingly coming back closer to home, with 
developed markets beginning to show the kind of refinancing pressure and issuer -specific complexity that play 
directly to Kyma’s strengths. 
On the fund-raising side, we are pleased to report continued momentum. During the quarter, we launched a new 
$100 million separately managed account, taking firm-wide AUM to $465 million at quarter end. In parallel, we are 
approaching the hard close of our Founder Share Clas s. As previously indicated, upon its completion we intend to 
soft close asset raising for the strategy, reflecting our continued focus on preserving returns rather than gathering 
assets. 
Over the last five years, Kyma Capital Opportunities Fund has generated approximately +200 to 300% excess total 
return versus the relevant HFRI credit and distressed / restructuring benchmarks, underscoring the Fund’s ability to 
source idiosyncratic, catalyst -driven opportunities in less crowded areas of the European credit market while 
maintaining a disciplined focus on downside protection and liquidity. 
HFRI Kyma L5Y1,2 
1 Percentages are the net return on NAV per share, annualised over the  last five years. Base 100 from March 2021 
2 Net Annualised returns as of 31st March 2026
132 
223 
130 
140 
 60
 80
 100
 120
 140
 160
 180
 200
 220
 240
HFRI Fund Weighted Composite Index Kyma Capital Opportunities Fund HFRI Credit Index HFRI ED: Distressed/Restructuring Index
Last 5 
Years 
17% 
ann. 
Last 3 
Years 
20% 
ann. 
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RETURNS             3 
Quarterly Performance3 
Quarterly Net Performance (%) 
Year Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 YTD 
2026 2.46 2.46 
2025 2.61 3.79 35.34 2.82 48.20 
2024 8.48 0.54 -3.40 4.67 10.29 
2023 0.90 3.15 3.12 -2.22 4.94 
2022 11.01 -11.70 5.27 6.98 10.45 
2021 21.45 7.82 10.06 -3.24 39.44 
2020 -29.57 13.51 8.80 11.08 -3.38
2019 -0.76 -13.66 -4.27 10.86 -9.05
Performance in the quarter ended March 31 was + 2.46% net. Our portfolio construction continued to deliver 
meaningful diversification this quarter, with returns exhibiting a very low correlation to the S&P 500 of just 0.06. 
This is not a one-quarter anomaly. Since inception, our correlation to the S&P 500 has remained consistently low at 
0.31, underscoring the differentiated nature of our opportunity set and the idiosyncratic drivers of performance 
within the portfolio. 
Telefónica Chile was a strong contributor during the quarter, adding + 144 bps to performance, as bonds repriced 
following a series of strategic developments. We discuss this situation in more detail in the case study below. 
Liquid Telecom, referred to in previous letters as Company T (see 1Q25 case study), contributed + 88 bps to fund 
performance during the quarter. Alongside solid operating performance, the company announced the disposal of a 
wider group asset, with proceeds earmarked for the bond perimeter, as well as an equity investment from Nvidia 
and a sale-leaseback transaction. These developments supported the launch of a new bond issuance, resulting in a 
par refinancing of our bonds  soon after quarter -end. This positio n, originally priced for distress, delivered a full -
repayment outcome and a strong overall contribution to fund performance (+1351 bps ITD). 
During the quarter, the Middle East conflict emerged as the primary market driver, creating volatility across asset 
classes. Escalating geopolitical tensions drove sharp moves in energy prices, reignited inflation concerns, and 
pushed out expectations for US monetary easing, weighing on overall risk appetite. Against this backdrop, our 
hedging strategy, primarily through our Xover and single name credit positions, contributed positively to fund 
performance, adding +41 bps over the period.  
3 Performance data is represented by the performance of KCOFL Class F USD Shares Series 1, net of all investment management fee s (1.5% annual management fee and 16% performance fee) 
and all other fees and expenses payable by KCOFL and Kyma Capital Opportunities Master Fund Limited. 
Performance and Net Asset Value Data: Unless otherwise indicated, return data is provided by the fund’s administrator, Waystone. Return, performance and chart metric calculations made by 
Kyma.  
Data as of 31st March 2026 
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RETURNS             4 
Idorsia detracted -86 bps from fund performance during the quarter, with price action largely driven by broader 
market beta. During the period, the company announced a leadership change, with co-founder and Chairman Jean-
Paul Clozel resuming the role of interim CEO. Strategica lly, management continues to prioritise partnership 
discussions for aprocitentan, while reiterating the growth opportunity for Quviviq and highlighting key 2026 
milestones for the partnered assets selatogrel and cenerimod with Viatris. As previously outlin ed, we continue to 
see attractive upside across certain of the company’s securities and remain positioned across the capital structure 
in instruments offering the most compelling risk-adjusted profile. 
The Fund as of March 31st had 92% long and 41% short exposures, with net exposure of 52%. 
Portfolio Exposure (% of NAV)   
Unencumbered Cash Balance 
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
120%
140%
160%
Mar-20
Sep-20
Mar-21
Sep-21
Mar-22
Sep-22
Mar-23
Sep-23
Mar-24
Sep-24
Mar-25
Sep-25
Mar-26
Gross Exposure Net Exposure
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
Jan-20
Jul-20
Jan-21
Jul-21
Jan-22
Jul-22
Jan-23
Jul-23
Jan-24
Jul-24
Jan-25
Jul-25
Jan-26
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RETURNS             5 
We ended the quarter with 5.24% of Fund NAV in cash. 
S&P HYG 
Q1 2026 0.06 0.41 
YTD 2026 0.06 0.41 
LTD 0.31 0.29 
Based on NAV performance for $ share class
Holdings by Sector 
Holdings by Geography 
20.5%
15.0%
10.6% 8.8% 8.8% 8.1% 4.8% 4.7% 3.9% 2.2%
-13.3%
-22.5%-30%
-20%
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
26%
9%
22%
-6%-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
Americas Europe Africa Other
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RETURNS             6 
Market Opportunity - The importance of being picky 
We continue to believe that the current opportunity set for distressed credit investing is one of the most substantial and 
durable of the last quarter century. Today, the pool in which we operate is broadening and deepening, allowing us to be 
increasingly selective when scouting for best opportunities to fit our strict investment criteria.  
In fact, recent data from JP Morgan shows that the distressed universe of leveraged loans has grown for a sixth consecutive 
month, reaching levels last seen in May 2020. In absolute terms, the last seven months has seen the distressed loan universe 
increase by as much as $70bn  
Distressed universe of bonds and loans4 
Does this mean we will do more? No. Kyma remains a highly disciplined and concentrated strategy. The intensity and specificity 
of our strategy lends itself to no more than 8 -10 positions at a time. However, as highlighted in previous letters, periods of 
volatility tend to be the most fertile hunting ground for our strategy, and thanks to our hedging framework, cash balances and 
bottom-up approach, we were able to be on the front foot during March's volatility and able to redeploy capital from realised 
positions into interesting new opportunities.  
Geopolitical uncertainty however remains. This naturally brings us to the key question for any distressed investor: what 
happens if things deteriorate, or our theses don't work out. More specifically, how do we get our money back? 
Unlike the approach often seen in equity investing, where the primary focus is typically upside potential, our process starts  
with recovery. We spend a significant amount of time underwriting downside scenarios, focusing on asset realisation and 
liquidation value, rather than relying solely on going -concern assumptions. This discipline is also why we are highly selective 
when it comes to our sectoral focus. We have consistently avoided sectors such as technology and software, given our focus 
on understanding disintermediation risks and avoiding sectors where asset valuation in a downside scenario can be difficult 
to anchor.  
Instead, we focus on businesses where we can gain conviction on asset longevity and mid -cycle earnings power, in spite of 
shorter-term cyclical or financial stress  - stress which often provides us with attractive entry points. This naturally leads us 
towards sectors with tangible or strategic asset bases , such as telecom, infrastructure, natural resources, and healthcare  all 
of which are experiencing pockets of geopolitical dislocation.  
4 Source: JPM research  

PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RETURNS                 7 
Finally, it's worth briefly touching upon another area of volatility: ongoing developments in private credit. As a reminder, we 
do not invest in private credit. All our investments are in liquid, tradeable instruments. However, we observe these 
developments in private credit from a ring-side seat and with an eye, as usual, for opportunities that market dislocation can 
potentially bring.  
We note recent commentary, including "Echoes of Junk Bonds Past" by Greg Obenshain 5, which draws parallels between 
today's environment and the 1980s high yield cycle which is beginning to show similarities with what is beginning to unfold in 
the private credit space currently. 
Obenshain highlights a clear sequence of events that unfolded in the 80s. Starting with a period of excess capital and optimistic 
underwriting, leading to wobbles in the exuberance, which in turn led to outflows (see today's current daily news flow on 
retail/BDC fund gating), mark downs and finally: defaults. 
This may seem like an obvious point to make; however, many private credit participants are currently hanging their hats on 
the current low default rates. Obenshain's piece however reminds us that this is not inconsistent with early -cycle dynamics. 
Defaults take time to materialise, particularly in recently originated portfolios. In fact, estimates for a more mature phase of 
the cycle suggest that default rates (in line with historical averages) could approach as much as 10%.  
Our broader view remains; this is a classic credit cycle, which at this stage, given lack of leverage and comparatively small  
market size is not a systemic threat. What it may do however, as the cycle unfolds, is bring opportunity for which we will be  
watching. 
5 Link: https://mailchi.mp/verdadcap/echoes-of-junk-bonds-past-1353614?e=7436a8a08a 
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RETURNS                 8 
Case Study: Telefónica Chile 
Telefónica Chile is an integrated telecommunications operator providing mobile, fixed -line and broadband services in Chile 
under the Movistar brand. The company holds a leading position in fixed broadband (~ 28% market share) and maintains 
leading market shares across other key segments including mobile internet (19%), mobile telephony (23%) and pay TV (20%), 
supported by a nationwide infrastructure network. The company also owns a 40% stake in OnNet, a fibre business co-owned 
with KKR. 
In 2024, the company generated revenue of ~$1.7bn and EBITDA of ~$300m. Profitability has been constrained in recent years 
by intense competition from players such as Claro, Entel and WOM, combined with sustained capital expenditure 
requirements typical of the sector, resulting in a leveraged capital structure (~4.7x net debt to EBITDA). 
At the same time, Telefónica had begun executing its strategic exit from the region, including the disposal of its Peruvian 
subsidiary following a bankruptcy process. Against this backdrop, Telefónica Chile’s 3.537% senior notes due 2031 traded 
down into the high 50s to low 60s, reflecting weak operating performance, elevated leverage and uncertainty around future 
parental support. 
Following detailed analysis, we gained comfort on valuation and downside protection, supported by the company’s market 
position and the strategic value of its assets, including the OnNet fibre business. As part of our work, we mapped the LatAm 
telecom landscape and identified Millicom as a consistent acquirer of Telefónica assets as the group executed its regional exit. 
We viewed the depressed bond prices as an opportunity to invest ahead of a likely corporate event, with M&A-driven volatility 
creating an attractive entry point. During our diligence, discussions with local advisors and potential bidders further reinforced 
our valuation framework. 
In early 2026, the company announced the sale of its fibre business at an attractive valuation, with proceeds earmarked for 
debt reduction, driving a repricing of the bonds. This was followed by the announcement, in February, of the sale of Telefónica 
Chile to a consortium including Millicom and Xavier Niel’s NJJ for approximately $1.2bn plus contingent payments, validating 
our investment thesis around the strategic value of the asset. Following these developments, the bonds repriced in line with 
Millicom’s trading levels. We exited the position in the low 80s, crystallising gains with an IRR of 91% and 1.27x MOIC6. 
MOVCHI 3.537% 2031 bond 
6 MOIC calculation is based on maximum capital deployed at any one time throughout the duration of the investment  
50
55
60
65
70
75
80
85
Bond Price Buys Sells
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RETURNS             9 
Business Update 
We are delighted to welcome Sarah Heywood to run business development. She brings two decades of experience in both the 
equity markets and business development at an operational and corporate level. Sarah joins us with extensive experience in 
markets and with a strong network across the investment community. In addition to her professional expertise, she writes an 
engaging regular mailer which has been very well received by our network. Please do let us know if you would like to be 
included in her distribution. 
As noted earlier, we successfully launched a $100 million separately managed account during the quarter. This mandate 
reflects the continued institutional interest in our strategy and, importantly, aligns with our approach of deploying capital  in 
a measured and disciplined manner. 
Consistent with our long-standing philosophy, our priority remains investment performance rather than asset accumulation. 
As such, we intend to raise a further $45 million of AUM, at which point we will close out our Founder Share Class and move 
to a soft close of the strategy. 
By way of reminder, the Founder Share Class offers a 1.5% management fee, which steps down over time, and a 16% 
performance fee. We believe these terms appropriately reflect the alignment we seek with our long-term investor base, and 
we are pleased to have partnered with a blue-chip group of investors under this structure. 
As ever, thank you for your support and interest. 
Akshay Shah,  
Chief Investment Officer 
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RETURNS             10 
Terms and Service Providers 
Feeder Fund Kyma Capital Opportunities Fund Limited 
Available Share Classes 
Class F USD/EUR: Founder Shares (first 
$150m) 
Class L USD/EUR 
Management Fee Class F: 1.5% p.a., steps down in a sliding scale 
Class L: 0.5% p.a. discount to F, 0.5% p.a. floor 
Performance Fee Class F: 16% with a high water mark 
Class L: 19% subject to a 4% hurdle, with a high water mark 
Subscriptions Monthly 
Minimum Commitment Class F: $1m / €1m 
Class L: $15m / €15m 
Redemption Terms 
Class F: Quarterly investor level gate of 25% and 90 days' notice 
Class L: 2 years hard lock-up, quarterly investor level gate of 25% and 90 days' 
notice 
Administrator Waystone Administration Solutions (IE) Limited 
Prime Brokers Morgan Stanley 
TD Securities 
Legal Counsel Hogan Lovells / Maples & Calder 
Contact Information Investor Relations Team 
ir@kymacapital.com 
Kyma Capital Limited 
1 Duchess Street 
London 
W1W 6AN 
United Kingdom 
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RETURNS             11 
Important Legal Information and Disclaimer 
This document has been prepared by Kyma Capital Limited (“Kyma”) (which is authorised and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority), is for informational purposes only and is 
intended to be a preliminary overview only of Kyma Capital Opportunities Fund Limited and Kyma Capital Opportunities Master Fund Limited (together the “Fund”). It is provided solely 
for the consideration of prospective investors who have the knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and the capability to conduct their own due diligence investigation 
and evaluation. This document is not an offer to buy or sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any interest in the Fund or any other product or service managed or advised by Kyma 
(each a “Product”) or any other security or instrument or to participate in any trading strategy. 
This document is the lawful property of Kyma and is confidential and should not, unless otherwise agreed in advance in writing by Kyma, be copied, distributed, published or reproduced 
(in whole or in part) or disclosed by any recipient to any other person. 
This document is preliminary in nature and based solely on information available as of the date hereof. Neither Kyma nor the Fund, nor any of their respective members, directors, officers, 
employees, agents or advisers or any other person makes any representation, warranty or undertaking express or implied, as to  the accuracy of completeness of the contents of this 
document. Historical data should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of any future performance, analytics, forecast or prediction.  
This document is designed solely to assist exploratory discussions. Investors should not purchase or subscribe for any securities or other interests in the Fund (the “Securities”) except on 
the basis of information in the final form offering documentation of the Fund applicable at the time of subscription (the “Offering Documents”). The Offering Documents will contain 
material information not contained in this document to which prospective investors will be referred and must have regard. Moreover, the specific terms applicable to Securities offered 
pursuant to the Offering Documents will be governed by the terms of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Fund (the “Fund Documents"). Investing in the Fund involves a 
high degree of risk. Any person subscribing for Securities must be able to bear the risks involved and must meet the suitabil ity requirements relating to such Securities. Prospective 
investors may not rely on this document for the purposes of making an investment decision. Any decision to  invest in the Fund should be made solely in reliance upon the Offering 
Documents and the Fund Documents. 
The information contained in this document is preliminary in nature and do es not purport to be complete. It is subject (in whole or in part) to updating, completion, revision and 
amendment, potentially to a material extent. None of the information contained in this document is intended to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain 
from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied upon as such.  
The distribution of this document is restricted in certain jurisdictions and this document is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any jurisdiction where such distribution 
or use would be contrary to local laws or regulations. In particular: 
• EEA: In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a “Member State”) which has implemented Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (Directive (2011/61/EU)) (the 
“AIFMD”), this document may only be distributed, and interests in any fund managed  or advised by Kyma will only be offered or placed in a Member State to the extent that: (1) the 
relevant fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD (as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant 
Member State); or (2) this document may otherwise be lawfully distributed and interests in the relevant fund may otherwise be lawfully offered or placed in that Member State (including 
at the initiative of the investor). In relation to any Member State of the EEA which, at the date of this document, has not implemented AIFMD, this document may only be distributed and 
interests in the relevant fund may only be offered or placed to the extent that this document may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the relevant fund may lawfully be offered or 
placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of the investor). No key information document (“KID”) has been prepared in respect of the Securities in accordance with Regulation 
(EU) no 1286/2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (“PRIIPs”). Accordingly, investment in the Fund is not currently available
to, and no person may currently advise on, offer or sell Securities for or to, any retail client (as defined in the EU’s re-cast Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (2014/65/EU)) in the 
EEA. 
• United Kingdom: This document is being issued in the United Kingdom by Kyma to and/or is directed only at persons who are p rofessional clients or eligible counterparties for the 
purposes of the FCA’s Conduct of Business Sourcebook. The opportunity to invest in the Fund will only be available to such persons in the United Kingdom and this document must not 
be relied or acted upon by any other persons in the United Kingdom.
• United States: The Securities in a Product have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United Sta tes and the Fund has not registered, and does not intend to register, as an investment company under the U.S. 
Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). In addition, Kyma has not registered and does not int end to register as an investment adviser under the 
U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Advisers Act”) . Accordingly, the Securities may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred or delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in a manner that would not require regi stration of the relevant Product under the Investment Company Act or 
registration of the investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act. There will be no public offering of the Securities in the United States. 
• Hong Kong: Warning: The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. Prospective investors are advised to exercise caution in relation
to the offer. If a prospective investor is in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, it should obtain independ ent professional advice. The Fund is a collective investment 
scheme but is not authorised under Section 104 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong. Accordingly, the distribution 
of this document, and the placement of interests in Hong Kong, is restricted. This document may only be distributed, circulated or issued to persons who are professional investors under 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance or as otherwise permitted by the Securities and Futures Ordinance.
Prospective investors must consult their own financial, legal and tax advisors before investing in the Fund. Tax treatment de pends on the individual circumstances of the prospective 
investor and may be subject to change in the future. 
The privacy notice of Kyma is available at www.kymacapital.com. The privacy notice sets out how Kyma holds and uses personal data relating to individuals, including investors and 
individuals connected to investors. The recipient must provide the privacy no tice to (i) each individual whose personal data the recipient has provided or will provide to Kyma Capital 
Limited (such as a director, partner, trustee, employee, agent or direct or indirect owner) and (ii) any other individual connected with the recipient as may be required by Kyma.
