Dear Partners & Friends:  
 
For the 1Q26 quarter (ended March 31, 2026), cumulative net returns were flat, roughly in line with 
indexes that represent small and micro -cap markets: The Russell 2000 , the iShares US MicroCap ETF 
and the iShares SmallCap EAFE (ex -N. Am) ETF . Given the Iran war, inflation and market herding 
behavior around AI  expectations, there was a lot of geopolitical, macro -economic and technological 
turmoil underlying those flat returns. Since inception in November 2015 through quarter end, LCA has 
returned a cumulative 270% net of fees, or 13% CAGR , well in excess of those same indices. Past 
performance is no guarantee of future results. Individual account returns may vary. 1 
 
 
 
Long Cast was founded in 2015 to provide long-term and patient investing in well-researched and well-
understood small - and micro -cap companies . We take concentrated positions and aim for 15% 
annualized returns (aka “five year doubles”) . We operate as an alternative to passive investing, and 
with more transparency and less expense than a fund. In the effort of transparency, listed here are top 
and bottom performers 
since inception through 
1Q26. Of the top -
performers, at quarter -
end MAMA, CCRN and 
MTRX remained in the 
portfolio. The bottom performers have all been expensive lessons.  
 
PORTFOLIO UPDATE  
PDEX, MAMA and MPTI were largest contributors in the quarter, offset by declines in RSSS, QHRC and 
PESI. In the first quarter, we added to NRC and CCRN and exited positions in RELL, ENVX and CRAWA 
(which was acquired). At quarter end the top five positions represented 62% of the portfolio.  
 
 
1 Performance data is based on Interactive Brokers "Portfolio Reports" function; shown net of management fees, expenses, 
and commissions; unaudited; and unless otherwise noted, since inception in Nov. 2015. Past performance is not a guarantee 
of future results. Individual account performance may vary. Any investment entails a risk of loss including the total loss of 
capital. ADV form available through Broker Check; CRD # 175005 
 
Net returns Long Cast R2000 IWC SCZ
2015 (2-mos) 14% -5% -5% 1%
2016 15% 21% 21% 3%
2017 36% 15% 13% 33%
2018 -8% -11% -13% -18%
2019 21% 25% 22% 25%
2020 -3% 20% 21% 12%
2021 42% 15% 19% 10%
2022 -12% -20% -22% -21%
2023 10% 17% 9% 13%
2024 39% 12% 14% 2%
2025 0% 13% 22% 32%
1Q26 0% 1% 1% 1%
Cumulative 270% 139% 136% 109%
CAGR 13% 9% 9% 7%
LTM 25% 26% 46% 28%
$80
$130
$180
$230
$280
$330
$380
$430
4Q15
2Q16
4Q16
2Q17
4Q17
2Q18
4Q18
2Q19
4Q19
2Q20
4Q20
2Q21
4Q21
2Q22
4Q22
2Q23
4Q23
2Q24
4Q24
2Q25
4Q25
LCALLC
Russell 2000
iShares M/C ETF
iShares MSCI S/C ETF

2 
PURCHASES: I wrote about both NRC and CCRN in last quarter’s letter. Nothing has dissuaded me from 
owning more of the former. The latter was acquired in early May for $13.25 per share. With the deal 
expected to close in 3Q, I’ve taken our short-term gains sooner rather than later. At the moment we 
have excess cash.  
 
SALES: We sold ENVX when the guy  whose charge was solving a key manufacturing process exited 
shortly before its supposed launch. Scaling the company’s new battery architecture remains a “science 
project” and without it I don’t see much sizzle on the steak. RELL is a long time value darling benefitting 
from the AI updraft and it is reinvesting cash flow into new projects, but I sold it as a source of capital. 
May revisit. CRAWA was compounding capital nicely before it was acquired.  
 
Among our larger holdings:  
 
MTRX ($7. 50 avg price).  The company at last reported a profitable quarter . FY4Q (June year end) 
revenue guidance of ~$250M implies FY EBITDA could be ~$15M, which means this is trading at 7x EV 
/ trailing EBITDA, in an environment with several tailwinds. I have urged the Board to observe what has 
happened at other small E&C’s such as STRL, TPC and IESC when outsiders changed the culture at what 
were previously sleepy regional construction compan ies like ours . They are making changes. With 
strong profitability at hand, a recently announced mining project booked in 4Q and changes coming in 
the CEO and CFO positions, there is a wide path for this to grow backlog and earnings and re-rate 
higher.  
 
PDEX ($28.51 avg price). We discussed PDEX at length in our 3Q25 letter . As expected, the company 
completed the acquisition of a primary supplier, which could negatively impact margins in the short 
term but offer more substantial long-term upside.  
 
The renewed contract with “customer 1” should support near term earnings and at 15x EBITDA it seems 
fairly valued on that alone. Zimmer Biomet’s expected commercialization of Monogram’s mBos system 
could radically accelerate value creation. PDEX is a contracted and critical supplier to the platform. One 
need only listen to ZBH conference calls to see the extensive resources supporting its expected ’27 
launch. (Concurrently, as a point of caution, one need only look at ZBH stock chart to see that the 
market is skeptical). If hurdles are met along the commercialization process, PDEX will realize matieral 
gains on “valuation rights” it received in the Monogram sale . If commercialization is successful, the 
opportunity path would be multiples longer and wider.  
 
MAMA ($2.95 avg price). As you know, I spent an earlier part of my pre -finance career working for a 
private investigator doing background research on management teams, typically on behalf of a lending 
or investment office . I ts work that still informs my investment process today because I think 
management due diligence provides a strong signal . I know other investors who prefer to never meet 
management teams, because they want to own businesses any idiot can run and / or they want to 
avoid biases of thinking they understand how people are likely to operate. The varying perspectives is 
part of what makes markets great.  
 
I mention all this to re-emphasize my perspective on the importance of management in smaller 
companies. Exceptionally run companies are rare and unusual, and we should want to own rare and 
unusual things because they can retain value and are hard to replicate. Even exceptional companies 
3 
have dysfunction that an outside investor will never see. On the spectrum of dysfunction, the average 
small public company is probably mediocre, often through neglect or a lack of awareness of 
alternatives, which often starts at the top. And even companies that make effortful intentions towards 
operating improvement and capital allocation can fail because it’s hard and complicated. All of this is 
similar to the range of sports teams and their outcomes and the observations one can draw on 
consistency and process. I cannot imagine rooting for a sports team and not thinking about how roster 
construction and coaching decisions influence the players and team.  
 
Under prior management, the CEO’s son in law ran operations and results were mediocre. Since 2023, 
when the current CEO started, a highly experienced consultant with limited experience as an operating 
manager, MAMA has grown tangible book value per share from $0.06 to $0.97. Under his management, 
even the Board is chosen with the intention of mentor ing each member of the executive team , a 
superior strategy compared to other companies. This may be what exceptional looks like.  
 
MAMA has a vision of being a +$1B revenue company and management has been operating against 
this plan. The stock is presently trading at a high valuation on a trailing basis but assuming they achieve 
the target while holding margins steady (and margins would likely improve with scale) than this is 
outright cheap. I think it fits our paradigm of a five-year double which is why we continue to own it.  
 
RSSS ($2.57 avg price). The last 50 years – my lifetime - has seen countless advancements in many areas 
of industry, from healthcare to payments to tooling, but I think more than anything the change in media 
– the Internet – has broken everything and caused vast re-sorting. It’s been a great environment for 
entrepreneurs.  
 
Since we initially made our investment  in RSSS , AI has emerged as a technolog ical threat to the 
information services industry. I see AI as a tool, like obsidian, fire, the wheel, etc. and I don’t believe 
(as I’ve heard others say) that it will be the last tool humans invent.  
 
Taking this tool-analogy one step further, it is said that the person holding a hammer sees everything 
as a nail. I think that’s where the market is with AI; it thinks it will cudgel everything. I disagree. 
Companies that learn to use the tools and build around them should do well. Again, a great 
environment for entrepreneurs.  
 
Growth has slowed in recent quarters off of harder comps, and the question is whether this is a secular 
AI driven challenge or an operational issue. Management is putting resources behind reducing churn . 
Deferred revenues offers evidence of an improving slope ahead, and meanwhile cash flow generation 
and valuation remain attractive. Within the executive ranks  - and it’s a pretty flat organization  - are 
entrepreneurial and talented engineers and managers  “hooked” on AI and innovating quickly. In my 
view, this is the kind of company that should do well in an AI enabled environment.  
 
Furthermore, in a budget constrained academic environment, universities are trading down . 
Anecdotally, a friend who works at one in the intersection of scientific research, academia and law (and 
who for years has been barely aware of the company ), said their organization is now a customer of 
Article Galaxy because it helps lower costs. The only problem, the friend said, are the rumors that the 
company will be acquired. That would be music to the ears of shareholders.  
 
4 
IN CONCLUSION: RARE AND UNUSUAL 
There’s barely any asset that a small company owns that a large company can’t replicate, except for its 
people and culture . Ironically, as companies get larger, and layers of management intrude, those 
factors are harder to sustain. Some large companies do it well at scale and many small companies do 
it poorly. But for a small company to get big, it either needs a killer product, or good people and culture, 
which start from the top . To reinforce a notion I’ve reiterated in this letter, it’s why I care so much 
about the executives running our companies.  
 
As always, I remain committed to building a durable and sustainable business based on a repeatable 
investment process and intelligent capital allocation. I remain grateful to have clients (by design) 
aligned with my long term, small company centric and res earch-intensive focus . I welcome the 
continued interest from individuals and institutions as I patiently grow the business.  
 
Sincerely / Avi  
Brooklyn, NY  
May 2026
