MARAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  
 
 
Maran Capital Management, LLC  |  droller@marancapital.com  |  www.marancapital.com 
April 2026 
 
Dear Partners and Friends, 
The return of Maran Partners Fund in the first quarter was -2.3%, net of all fees and expenses.1 The muted 
quarterly return masks intra-quarter volatility . We were up nicely through February  but fully round -
tripped (and a bit more) in March.  
I’ve always invested by focusing on uncovering inefficiencies in the market rather than trying to identify 
or ride big sweeping macroeconomic waves. Yet the ultimate backdrop against  which inefficiencies may 
occur provides critical context. I’m not a golfer, but as they say, you’ve gotta play the ball as it lies (and be 
aware of whether inches of rain have fallen in the last few hours or if the greens are hard as rocks).  
This was an eventful quarter across three vectors: technological, geopolitical, and with respect to capital 
flows and financial market structure.  
AI is a major technological leap that is certain to have widespread and long-term implications. It is a topic 
that requires meaningful study and thought by all investors. It is not a fad. Just as during the Internet 1.0 
era and the dot -com bubble, we’ll see winners and losers along the way. There will be froth and frauds 
and stocks that get well ahead of themselves. Yet the technology will ultimately prevail and have wide -
ranging effects.  
Software stocks declined markedly last quarter on fears of AI-driven disruption. Quite frankly, some of the 
declines were probably warranted. Many of these stocks started out overvalued and have had poor free 
cash flow generation and problematic levels of stock compensation. While AI will create tremendous 
change, it is still an open question as to whether it  represents a broad, existential threat to labor.  Of 
particular relevance to us, the breadth and extent of the associated stock price dislocation has created a 
worthwhile hunting ground. 
On the geopolitical front, t he markets have thus far brushed off the events in the middle east and  the 
resulting increase in oil prices . We should not be complacent  regarding these developments , but we 
shouldn’t panic, either. As usual, the proper approach is to remain level-headed and rational in the face 
of this type of uncertainty. 
Finally, the market has recently experienced some potential foreshocks in the private credit space that 
may develop into larger tremors. There is a duration mismatch between the assets and liabilities of many 
private credit funds and business development companies (BDCs), which is a classic way to get into trouble 
in finance. The market has recently seen some small “runs” on these funds as demand for liquidity has 
outpaced its availability. S ome marks are likely stale (to put it generously) . But at this poi nt, I don’t see 
the issues in private credit rising to the level of systemic  risk. Of course, I will continue to monitor 
developments as they pertain to our holdings and exposure. 
Against this backdrop, w e came into the year conservatively positioned  and with no exposure to 
technology or software. We don’t utilize leverage, and as usual, we had a moderate cash position at the 
 
1 Net returns based on the fund’s highest fee share class. Individual partner returns may vary based on share class 
and timing of investment, among other factors.  Please refer to individual account statements for more detail. Please 
see page 7 for important disclaimers, and our investor presentation for complete monthly results since inception.  
        MARAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  
 
 
Maran Capital Management, LLC  |  droller@marancapital.com  |  www.marancapital.com 
fund. Therefore, we were able to use both the volatility associated with the dislocation of perceived AI 
losers and the general market volatility around the events in the middle east and private credit to go on 
offense. I have been using the framework of looking for babies thrown out with the bathwater . Might 
there be one or two companies which were sold off hard on the fears of AI disruption, yet which are well-
positioned to prosper in the coming years or decades despite the potential implications of AI? 
So far, I believe I have found at least one. This is a company that has a meaningful net cash balance sheet 
(almost one quarter of its market cap is on the balance sheet in cash), generates a lot of free cash flow, 
has minimal dilution via stock compensation, is buying back shares aggressively, and is trading at close to 
a double-digit free cash flow yield. It is well positioned in a growing market that is still underpenetrated; 
it appears to have a long runway of growth ahead of it. I have spent time with management in person and 
like their approach; they are motivated, energetic, aligned, and humble. We have started with a small  
position as I continue my research process, but I am excited by my early findings. 
I am studying a number of additional companies as valuations have been res huffled. As always, I remain 
focused on the long term, and we are positioned as such. Last quarter, I provided in-depth updates on our 
top five positions. 2 This quarter, I delve deeper into our portfolio and provide updates on a number of 
smaller special situation positions. 
*** 
Special Situations 
Special situations have continued to be our best risk -adjusted source of return. P ure event-driven 
situations have tended to be at most 10 -20% of our capital at any given time , as there are only so many 
of them. Special situations more broadly defined, including spinoffs, value with a catalyst positions, and 
ideas like the three described below, have been a larger part of the portfolio. 
In our fourth quarter 2023 letter, I described two special situations in which we had invested: a delisting 
and an uplisting. Each of these companies made major strides in the first quarter. 
The “Delisting” 
We purchased the stock I described as a delisting for approximate ly $103 per share. Frequently, when a 
company is delisted from a major exchange, certain shareholders become “forced sellers” or, at the very 
least, motivated sellers. Many large funds can’t hold shares that trade over the counter, for example. 
Which exchange or marketplace a company’s shares trade on is not a major concern of ours. Our thesis 
was that the stock was cheap and that the company would unlock value on its balance sheet over the 
subsequent years, likely distributing that value to shareholders as it was realized. 
The thesis has played out largely as hoped. The company has indeed monetized various assets on its 
balance sheet; it sold another meaningful asset last quarter and recently distributed the associated cash 
proceeds. It has now paid out dividends of $17.50 per share since we invested. 
 
2 As of the end of Q1 2026, our top five positions were API Group (APG), Clarus Corp (CLAR), Correios de Portugal 
(CTT.LS), Horizon Kinetics Holding Corp (HKCH), and Pure Cycle Corp (PCYO).  
3 Per share figures have been rebased to a $10 reference price. 
        MARAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  
 
 
Maran Capital Management, LLC  |  droller@marancapital.com  |  www.marancapital.com 
Even after these meaningful distributions, I expect that there are still more to come. 
The “Uplisting” 
The stock I described as an uplisting candidate never did uplist but instead wound up selling itself.  The 
transaction was announced in the first quarter , and we received the majority of our share of the  cash 
proceeds earlier this month (there are still some contingent payments that will hopefully be paid out over 
the next two years). We earned a very attractive return in this position over a multi-year holding period. 
 
As you can see, patience was required for each of these positions, and it was ultimately rewarded . The 
delisting did essentially nothing for two years and then went up by about 150% all at once. Similarly, the 
potential uplisting was flat until it was finally acquired . Unfortunately, these were both small positions. 
While the companies were each small, there was additional capacity available, so I am to blame  for the 
sizing mistake. 
The Demutualization 
It is also worth checking in on another special situation — the insurance demutualization— that I initially 
discussed in our first quarter 2022 letter. In that letter, I described the dynamics of how demutualizations 
create incentives to set conservative offering prices: 
Frequently in an IPO, the prior owners/insiders sell stock, or at the very least are diluted 
at the IPO price. While there are a number of factors at play in setting an IPO price, the 
issuer would typically prefer to sell stock for a higher price, not a lower one. 
In a demutualization, there are no shareholders prior to the offering (just policyholders 
with certain governance rights and rights to participate in extraordinary transactions), so 
these dynamics do not exist. As a result, all conversion -offering investors, including 
management and insiders (and policyholders), have alignment — everyone wants 
valuation to be lower rather than higher…  
Imagine you (and by “you,” I do not mean you , savvy investor who shares in my love of 
the hunt for obscure and off -the-beaten-path, highly compelling investment 
opportunities, but rather “you,” carpenter, taxi driver, student, or clerk at the local dollar 
store, who just needed some good auto insura nce at a fair price) have a policy with a 
small, local insurance company. One day, you get a proxy statement and dense 
prospectus in the mail offering the chance to subscribe to securities in the parent 
company of your insurer. Are you going to request the stock order form and whip out 
your checkbook? Perhaps not. 
This leaves capacity for insiders and others to subscribe at that same “discounted” price.  
The offering price that we and insiders paid was $10 per share, as is typical in demutualizations. I believed 
that this price  was a meaningful discount to intrinsic value and  more than made up for the expected 
illiquidity that was to be expected in the shares.  
This probably would have been a good investment merely due to the discount we initially received , but 
management has knocked it out of the par k. In 2025, this company generated over $2 of earnings per 
        MARAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  
 
 
Maran Capital Management, LLC  |  droller@marancapital.com  |  www.marancapital.com 
share and grew tangible book value (which is north of $20 per share) by 13%.  The earnings yield on our 
purchase price is now greater than 20%. Given its strong position in an interesting niche of the specialty 
insurance market, this business appears to be poised to continue to grow earnings and compound book 
value over time. $5 per share of earnings power in five years is a possibility. 
Small specialty insurance companies typically trade for 1-1.5x book value or 10-15x earnings in the public 
market and can go for more in buyouts. One could argue this company is worth $25 -30 per share today 
and perhaps will be worth much more in the future. It remains highly illiquid , which doesn’t faze me. 
Small, off the beaten path, and illiquid companies continue to be bountiful  sources in our hunt for alpha 
generation. 
Additional Special Situations 
I have recently been working on a new special situation investment to which we have proprietary access. 
If it comes to fruition, I’ll know this quarter, so I’ll be able to share more about it in my next letter. 
*** 
Administrative Update 
2025 K-1 tax forms and audit ed financial statements have been distributed . Please get in touch if you 
don’t see yours. 
We’ve moved (a few blocks). Our new address is 201 Columbine St, Suite 300, Denver, CO 80206. 
*** 
Investor Event 
I will be hosting an investor event for partners and friends of Maran in New York City on June 9 th. While 
the exact schedule is still being finalized, I expect the agenda to approximate the following: 
• 10am: Presentation and Q&A with me, Dan Roller, President and Portfolio Manager 
• 11am: Fireside chat with the CEO of one of our portfolio companies 
• 12pm: Lunch 
• 2pm: Option to attend the Horizon Kinetics Holding Corporation (HKHC) annual meeting, 4 which 
is primarily a Q&A session with Horizon’s leadership. Given the very sad news discussed below , 
this will be a good opportunity to see the depth of Horizon’s bench and the strong leadership 
group that sat alongside Murray Stahl. 
If you are interested in attending, please email me to RSVP or provide an indication of interest by May 
1st. 
I will also be hosting an investor event in Denver in the fall. 
 
 
4 As a reminder, I led the transaction that brought HKHC public (via reverse -merger with SLGD), I serve on HKHC’s 
board, and HKHC is a large position in our fund. 
        MARAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  
 
 
Maran Capital Management, LLC  |  droller@marancapital.com  |  www.marancapital.com 
In Memoriam: Murray Stahl 
 
 
The world recently received the incredibly sad news of the passing of Murray Stahl. I’m grateful that my 
path crossed with Murray’s over the last four years and am filled with sorrow that I will not have the 
opportunity to continue to learn from, laugh with, and reason about ideas alongside Murray for at least a 
few more decades. 
Murray was erudite, kind, a fantastic story -teller, and hilarious. Murray had integrity; he had principles 
and stuck to them. He was a man of his word.  Just as he was patient with investments, he was patient 
with people. 
Murray did not waver on doing his own research. He was a truly independent thinker and had a unique 
penchant for thinking long term. He reveled in his anachronisms and idiosyncrasies— can you imagine not 
having email in this day and age ? He knew he wouldn’t be able to convince the world of  the wisdom of 
his ways but never considered reshaping himself to fit the world.  
Like me, he was a walker. After dinner in Union Square, Murray wouldn’t dream of catching a taxi for the 
25-block trip to Grand Central. No, we would walk it, continuing our conversation about Churchill, the 
Enlightenment, the history of New York City, his  childhood in Brooklyn, the Mafia, or the subject of one 
of the over 1,000 memoirs and biographies he had read and distilled. That’s when we weren’t discussing 
investing and his philosophy behind position -sizing, the hallmarks of quality in a business, or specific 
strategies of individual companies. 
Murray was a consummate teacher, and I’m glad I was able to be one of his students, at least for a while.  
Murray was one of one, a legend. I will miss him greatly. 
 

        MARAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  
 
 
Maran Capital Management, LLC  |  droller@marancapital.com  |  www.marancapital.com 
Conclusion 
Murray Stahl was indeed an incredible teacher, and we should try to remember — and live by— some of 
his lessons. It isn’t possible to time the market.  We should not be universally contrarian but simply be 
independent thinkers. Think long term and be patient.  Concentrate where you have an edge.  Read 
voraciously. Never stop learning. Be kind. Treat others as you’d like to be treated. 
 
But I’ll say this, as most of you probably know, I spent decades trying to 
convince people to be long-term investors.  
Haven’t convinced one person yet.  
They all want to trade. 
– Murray Stahl 
 
Thank you for the opportunity to invest your capital alongside mine. Please don’t hesitate to get in touch 
if you would like to catch up or discuss any aspect of the partnership . I look forward to seeing many of 
you in New York in June or Denver in the fall. 
 
Sincerely, 
 
Dan Roller 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        MARAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  
 
 
Maran Capital Management, LLC  |  droller@marancapital.com  |  www.marancapital.com 
Disclaimer 
This document is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy interests in any partnership (“Fund”), even if such interests may be 
currently offered to others. Any such offering will be made only in accordance with the Fund’s Confidential Offering Memorandum 
(the “Offering Memorandum”). The Fund may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries, nor suitable for all types of  
investors. Prior to investing, investors are strongly urged to review carefully the Offering Memorandum and related documents, 
including the risks described therein associated with investing in the Fund, to ask additional questions and discuss any prospective 
investment with their own advisers. Additional information will be provided upon request. This information is strictly confidential 
and may not be reproduced or redistributed in whole or in part. Any statements of investment objectives are statements of 
objectives only. They are not projections of expected performance nor guarantees of anticipated investment results. Actual 
performance and results may vary substantially from stated objectives. An investment in the Partnership involves a high degree  
of risk and is suitable only for sophisticated and accredited investors. Investors should be prepared to suffer losses of their entire 
investments. The Offering Memorandum contains brief descriptions of certain of the risks associated with investing in the Fund. 
Certain information contained in this document constitutes “forward-looking statements,” which can be identified by the use of 
forward-looking terminology such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “target,” “intend,” “continue” or “believe,” 
or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, ac tual 
events or results or the actual performance of the Partnership described herein may differ materially from those reflected or  
contemplated in such forward- looking statements. Funds managed by Maran Capital Management, LLC (“MCM”) may have an 
investment in the companies discussed in this document. It is possible that MCM may change its opinion regarding the companies 
at any time for any or no reason. MCM may buy, sell, sell short, cover, change the form of its investment, or completely exit from 
its investment in the companies at any time for any or no reason. MCM hereby disclaims any duty to provide updates or changes 
to the analyses contained herein including, without limitation, the manner or type of any MCM investment. None of the 
information contained herein has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any securities administrator 
under any state securities laws, or any other U.S. or non -U.S. governmental or self -regulatory authority. No governmental 
authority has passed on the merits of this offering or the adequacy of the information contained herein. Any representation to 
the contrary is unlawful. Prices for securities discussed are closing prices as of April 17, 2026 unless otherwise noted and are not 
representative of the pric es paid by the fund for those securities. Positions reflected in this letter do not represent all of the 
positions held, purchased, and/or sold, and may represent a small percentage of holdings and/or activity. Fund returns reflec t 
the gross or net investment results (as labeled) of a single capital contribution at the beginning of the period with no subsequent 
capital contributions or withdrawals. Gross results indicates the gross return of the partnership before the application of a ny 
management fees or fund expenses. Net results reflect the accrual of all expenses and compensation to the investment manager 
for an investor with a 1% management fee and a 20% incentive fee (Standard), 1% management fee and 15% incentive fee (“5 -
year lockup” terms), and 1% incentive fee and 10% incentive fee (“Founder’s” terms). Some investors have fee structures that 
are different from those currently being offered. Results are estimates only and are subject to year -end audit. In 1Q 2026, the 
return of the S&P 500 was -4.3%, and the return of the Russell 2000 was +0.9%. The S&P 500 and Russell 2000 are indices of US 
equities. They are included for informational purposes only and are not representative of the type of investments made by the  
fund. The fund’s investments differ materially from these indices. The fund is concentrated in a small number of positions while 
the indices are diversified. R2000 -TR is the total return of the Russell 2000 Index with dividends reinvested. The Russell 2000 is 
and index of US equities. It is included for informational purposes only and may not be representative of the type of investments 
made by the fund. The fund’s investments differ materially from this index. The fund is concentrated in a small number of 
positions while the index is diversified. Results are for the periods indicated through September 30, 2025. The fund was launched 
(fund launch) with $500k of the manager’s capital on June 1, 2015. Inception* (Inception of outside capital) is defined as th e 
period beginning January 1, 2016, when the first $100k of outside capital was invested into the fund. Please see our investor 
presentation for complete monthly net and gross results since inception. Year-to-date 2026 returns are pending audit and subject 
to revision. Past performance is not indicative of future results. None of the information contained herein has been filed with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any securities administrator under any state securities laws, or any other U.S. or non-
U.S. governmental or self -regulatory authority. No governmental authority has passed on the merits of this offering or the 
adequacy of the information contained herein. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Copyright Maran Capital Management, LLC 2015 -2026. This information is strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or 
redistributed in whole or in part.
