MGE Global Equity SP 
  
April 2026                                                                   
 
 
Dear Partners,  
The fund returned 13.3% in 2025,  a similar performance to 2024 ( +13.0%). At the time of 
writing, on April 17th, the fund is up approx. 3% year-to-date, with April-to-date performance 
slightly offsetting the March decline. From inception in September 2023 through April 2026, 
the fund is up 3 5.3%, or 1 2.3% annualized. All performance figures are based on class A 
shares, net of all fees and expenses. 
Before we provide an upda te on the current portfolio composition, below is a brief review of 
2025 performance: 
Our 2025 net return of 13.3% underperformed relative to global equities, with the iShares 
MSCI ACWI ETF up 22.4%.  This significant underperformance is mainly due to our 
conservative portfolio positioning. Specifically, our cash balance averaged approx. 2 5% for 
the year. In addition, and similar to 2024, we lost approx. 2.5 percentage points of fund return 
due to S&P 500 index put options  which we bought for portfolio insurance and that we 
ultimately didn’t end up needing. 
On the other hand, our equities performed well, genera ting a gross return of approx. 27%. 
Again, similar to 2024, there were no single winners or losers of note, with the top five 
contributors (Prosus, Alibaba, CIR, IWG, Alphabet) responsible for only approx. 40% of the 
gross equities return. Conversely, the top five detractors (Samsonite, Exor, Next15, JD.com, 
Watches of Switzerland) , in aggregate , were responsible for only a loss of approx. 2.5 
percentage points  of net asset value . The largest single contributor (Prosus) added 2.3 
percentage points, and the largest single detractor (Samsonite) lost us 0.6 percentage points.  
By the end of 2025, we had realized approx. 90% of the capital gains we’ve had during the 
year. This is in stark contrast to popular equity ETFs which continue to favor “winners” due to 
the capitalization -weighted nature of most underlying equity indices. While momentum 
strategies with little to no regard for equity valuation continue to dominate the global equities 
landscape, we continue to be guided by our price-conscious, risk/reward-driven portfolio 
management framework. 
This is best exemplified by two of our top five “winners” in 2025 – Amsterdam-listed Prosus 
and London-listed IWG, both of which we profiled in previous investor letters. Based on strong 
share price performance during 2025, we exited both positions on valuation grounds  after 
Prosus returned us 87% and IWG returned us 41%, both in USD-terms.  
As it happens, both companies are again  in our portfolio after Prosus dropped from a 2025 
high of €64 per share to a low of € 38 in March and IWG dropped from a high of ~250p per 
share in February 2026 to a low of ~164p in March – with these 35-40% share price declines 
largely driven by market fears around recent geopolitical/macro developments (and no change 
to our original investment theses) . Of course, only t ime will tell if our “second go” at Prosus 
and IWG will prove to be as beneficial as the first time around. 
On the other hand, we try to recognize early when our investment thesis is proven wrong and 
the risk/reward may no longer be compelling (even after a material share price decline) . In 
such cases, the decision to exit even at a loss is the correct discipline. The best example here 
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:05 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

 
2 
 
is our exit of Samsonite after the tariff -induced share price decline in April 2025  – with the 
related tariff developments adversely affecting our original Samsonite thesis.  
A more recent example is Exor, which was our largest position at year-end 2025 at 12% of net 
asset value. Exor’s share price declined from ~€72 at year-end 2025 to a low of ~€60 in March. 
While this decline was again driven in large part by the recent geopolitical/macro 
developments, the company also provided an update on March 23 rd which proved to be 
disappointing relative to our investment thesis.  
In particular, management failed to announce another share buyback despite 1) having ample 
cash to do so; 2) having bought back nearly 15% of shares outstanding over the past three 
years, including most recently in mid-2025 at a much higher share price of €81.60; and 3) still 
highlighting Exor’s reported net asset value of €164 at year -end 2025 as highly relevant 
(implying a discount of well over 50% based on the recent Exor share price!).  
Instead of buybacks, management also talked up the potential for making a large acquisition. 
In our view, Exor has the firepower to do both. As such, the exclusive emphasis on M&A 
whereby spending 100 to acquire a company that will then immediately be discounted by the 
public market to below 50 (in-line with Exor’s discount), makes no sense.  
As our investment thesis rested largely on the assumption of continued great capital allocation 
at Exor, i.e. continued significant share buybacks in order to take advantage of the large 
discount to net asset value, the lack of such buybacks led us to exit our position (locking in a 
realized loss of nearly 2% of fund net asset value). Admittedly, the decision to exit Exor was 
made easier in the context of the general market decline towards the end of March 2026 where 
many of our other holdings had material price declines but no change in our original investment 
thesis (unlike at Exor). 
We mention the above examples in order to show our investment approach at work, i.e. 
constantly evaluating the risk-reward of our portfolio holdings based on changes in 1) share 
prices and 2) fundamental developments that may affect our underlying portfolio companies 
in the future, especially relative to our investment thesis.  
Our experience with Exor  has also mad e us more focused on owning equities that are not 
merely undervalued, but where management is also actively taking advantage of this 
undervaluation through buying back shares in significant amounts. This is true at five of our 
top ten holdings, including at recent additions Prosus and IWG. As for the other five holdings, 
significant buybacks are likely to be initiated at two of these holdings within the next 12 -18 
months. 
Of course, buybacks are not the only way to create shareholder value and many of our 
investments, including several within our top ten holdings, have significant re -investment 
opportunities which tend to be perfectly good uses of cash flow (rather than buybacks). We 
will, however, always insist on a common -sense approach to capital allocat ion and act 
accordingly if we judge that no longer to be the case (such as, to our negative surprise, at 
Exor). 
 
* * * 
On the following pages, we profile our top five equity holdings (as of April 17th), including key 
investment thesis assumptions and return expectations for each: 
 
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:05 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

 
3 
 
International Workplace Group plc (London: IWG) — 5% of fund net asset value: 
IWG is the largest global provider of flexible workspace s with ~4,600 open centres  across 
more than 120 countries at year-end 2025 (~7x the next largest competitor). Founded in 1989 
by current CEO and largest shareholder Mark Dixon , who own s 26% of the equity, IWG 
operates through four core brands (Regus, Spaces, HQ, Signature) which cater to different 
workstyles, price points and geographies.  
IWG is transforming from a legacy business model based on company -operated locations 
(~3,000 centres which have required IWG to put up its own capital for the related fit-outs) to a 
capital-light, managed model that captures the structural growth of hybrid working by 
partnering with corporates and building owners to provide them with a managed service , 
including a digital platform (with those third parties responsible for fit-out capex). 
While managed locations represented less than 20% of open centres at year-end 2023, IWG 
estimates that figure at ~50% currently, including the company’s pipeline of signed but not yet 
opened locations (~1,370 locations, the vast majority of which are on a managed, i.e. capital-
light basis).  
 
Exhibit 1: An Intriguing Comparison (source: International Workplace Group, 2025 results 
presentation) 
 
1 TTM to 30/09/2025; Includes management, royalty and intellectual property fees  
2 12M to 31/12/24; includes cost reimbursement revenu e 
3 FCF conversion and % of revenues from M&F for IWG based on delivery of medium -term EBITDA target of at least $1bn 
4 EV/EBITDA FY 27 multiple as at 31/12/2025 from Factset  
5 IWG Market Analysis, 2023 
6 As per Bloomberg on 03/02/2026 
 
 
In line with this business model transformation, s ystem-wide revenue of IWG’s managed 
business grew 28% y-y to $876 million in 2025, resulting in IWG’s managed services segment 
delivering approx. $50 million of cash flow. This cash flow stream, which already represents 
~20% of IWG’s 2025 total cash flow (before interest and tax) , is recurring in na ture and , 
crucially, has virtually no associated maintenance  or growth capex requirements. And the 
runway for growth in this business remains largely untapped given the secular growth trends 
for flexible office space worldwide.  
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:05 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

 
4 
 
Based on the above dynamics , we estimate IWG’s free cash flow to double to over the next 
three years to approx. $300 million in 2028, and to continue compounding at a 10%+ growth 
rate well into the future. While the majority of cash flow growth will be as a result of the growth 
in the managed services segment, incremental free cash flow should also be aided  over the 
next three years by continued margin expansion and more favo urable working capital 
dynamics at the legacy company-operated segment. 
At our average cost of ~180p per share, we have bought IWG at an EV/EBITDA of ~5.0x and 
a free cash flow  yield of ~10% , based on the midpoint of management’s 2026 EBITDA 
guidance, which implies ~13% y -y growth in EBITDA . By effectively valuing IWG as a no -
growth company, the market is not only missing this significant free cash flow inflection at 
IWG, but also the significant buyback activity that the company’s transitio n to a capital -light 
model and improved balance sheet have enabled (year-end 2025 leverage at 1.3x net debt to 
2025 EBITDA, with no refinancing needs until 2029).  
Assuming annual buybacks of $130m (in line with 2025 buyback spend), we estimate IWG will 
reduce its share count by nearly 15% by the end of 2028. Even on a modest trailing free cash 
flow multiple of 12x, these dynamics would lead to a fair value per share of ~320p by year-
end 2028, or an annualized IRR of ~25% on our average cost.  
While the company’s operating and financial leverage represent risks, especially in a  global 
economic recession scenario, we like the fact that more than half of IWG’s cash flow is from 
the economically more resilient US market. In addition, the strong secular tailwinds and 
internal business model transformation represent mitigating factors, as does the flexible nature 
of IWG’s legacy property leases.  
 
S4 Capital plc (London: SFOR) — 5% of fund net asset value: 
Imagine a private company operating in a large, global services industry with a capital -light 
business model, turning over nearly $1 billion of revenue, and generating more than $100 
million of EBITDA in the last year . The company is levered only 1x and while revenue has 
been under pressure, client billings have stabilized recently. The company has a blue -chip 
client roster , including Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Meta, Samsung, Square,  Visa, General 
Motors and T-Mobile - with the majority of revenue from the US market. A t the company’s 
helm is a founder CEO who is arguably one of the most capable and experienced CEOs in 
the industry. Moreover, insiders own nearly 15% of the equity and have shown a strong focus 
on cash generation to protect and grow equity value. What would you value the equity at? 
$500 million? $1 billion?  
Well, the public equity market recently valued the company  – S4 Capital – at less than $150 
million. S4 is the global marketing services  company founded by industry veteran Martin 
Sorrell following his departure from WPP in 2018. While in its early years S4 managed to 
compete well against the traditional ad agencies by focusing only on digital media and  
favouring clients in the technology sector, the company has had to adapt  over the last few 
years, especially as the advent of AI technologies has continued to transform the marketing 
services industry. 
Of course, S4 has also experienced the other extreme when its market cap reached more than  
$5 billion in late 2021 when the company was valued at ~7x EV/revenue (vs. ~0.5x now). This 
is a good example of the extremes public equity markets can swing to, all the while pretending 
that market price equals fair value at any given moment! While time will tell if our thesis on S4 
will ultimately be proven right, we like to make our purchases at the low extremes. If S4 were 
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:05 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

 
5 
 
not a public company, and executive chairman Sorrell were to raise equity in a “clubby” private 
deal, we only wonder what price investors would be willing to pay.   
 
Exhibit 2: Revenue Detail by Client (source: S4 3Q25 results presentation) 
 
 
While we recognize the significant business model challenges that S4 and the overall 
marketing services industry face, we think the market is missing the operational turnaround 
executed by Sorrell. After several years of revenue declines and margin pressure, 2025 gross 
client billings have stabilized on a like -for-like basis and EBITDA margin improved by 50bps 
y-y to 12.1%, driven in large part by significant headcount reductions (nearly 20% over the last 
two years).  In March, management guided to at least 100bps of additional margin 
improvement in 2026 on revenue “slightly below” the 2025 figure. Over the longer term, 
management expects margins to return to historic levels around 20%.  
Management’s focus on cash generation has further led to a significant reduction in financial 
leverage, with net debt declining by £56 million just in the last year to £87 million at year-end 
2025 (1.1x net debt to trailing EBITDA). This is in the context of S4’s market value of approx. 
£170 million at our average cost of ~25p p er share (implying a valuation of just ~3.5x 2025 
EBIT).  
While S4’s share price has increased significantly since 2025 results were released on March 
24th, the market continues to under -appreciate the earning power potential of the company . 
Conservatively assuming no revenue growth and margins returning to 15% by further cost 
optimization by 2028, we estimate free cash flow to reach approx. £60m in 2028 on a net debt 
free balance sheet  (although management has already signalled the potential fo r buybacks 
once its leverage target of <1.0x is reached). At a modest 8-9x FCF multiple, this implies a fair 
value of 70-80p per share, or a near doubling of the share price from recent levels. 
With executive chairman Sorrell having voting control, a potential buyout of the company 
would need his approval. It is our view that o nce the turnaround is largely complete and S4 
can demonstrate more client wins at attractive economics, the now 81-year old Sorrell would 
be more open to selling the company. Sorrell and other insiders own nearly 15% of the equity.  
Although execution risk remains high in a challenged overall marketing services industry, we 
think S4’s upside potential remains compelling relative to the investment risk.  
 
 
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:05 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

 
6 
 
Prosus N.V. (Amsterdam: PRX) — 5% of fund net asset value: 
Prosus is a Netherlands-based holding company whose main asset is a 2 2.6% equity stake 
in Tencent – the leading internet services platform in China with a recent market value of more 
than $550 billion (and as high as ~$800 billion just six months ago). We acquired our shares 
in Prosus at an average price of ~€41, which implies a recent market value of Prosus of €88 
billion, or a near 20% discount to the market value of the Tencent shares owned by Prosus  
(and a discount of near 40% on reported  Prosus net asset value which also includes more 
than €30 billion of other public and private investments, net of ~€4 billion of Prosus net debt). 
There are two key reasons why we own Prosus: 1) we like to be owners of Tencent at 
Tencent’s recent valuation of approx. 13 -14x earnings (excl. $100-150 billion of investments 
held by Tencent) when Tencent is likely to continue growing earnings at a double-digit rate in 
the future based on its dominant position in a growing Chinese inter net services market 
(revenue and earnings grew 14% and 17%, respectively, in 2025) ; and 2) Prosus has been 
consistently executing one of the largest open -ended buyback programs on record  to take 
advantage of the large market discount in order to increase shareholder value at Prosus.  
At is recent buyback pace, we estimate Prosus’ annual buyback yield is ~6%, which is funded 
roughly 50/50 by Prosus selling shares of Tencent  and Tencent dividends (€1+ billion to 
Prosus annually) and other cash at Prosus. In this context, we like new Prosus’ CEO Bloisi’s 
focus on s elling non-strategic or underperforming assets, with more than $2 billion in sales 
expected in 2026 and additional sales in 2027 “in even higher volume”. Overall, Prosus’ non-
Tencent assets (including companies such as iFood and Despegar in Latin America, OLX and 
Just Eat Takeaway in Europe, and PayU in India) are expected to have $7.3 billion in revenue 
and $1.1+ billion in EBITDA based on management’s 2026 guidance. 
 
Exhibit 3: Profitability Turnaround at Non -Tencent Investments (source: Prosus, CEO 
letter to shareholders, February 5, 2026) 
 
 
In short, by owning Prosus, we effectively own Tencent at a near 10x multiple of its trailing 
earnings which we expect will compound at very attractive rates well into the future. As Prosus 
shareholders, we of course take on additional corporate governance  and capital allocation  
risks inherent to Prosus. While these risks are real, we think that Prosus’ aggressive, open -
ended buyback demonstrates management’s commitment to shareholder value creation , as 
does a more recent efficiency focus at its non-Tencent investments. 
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:05 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

 
7 
 
Galaxy Entertainment Group Ltd (Hong Kong: 27) — 4% of fund net asset value: 
Galaxy is one of the world’s largest developers and operators of integrated casino, hotel and 
entertainment facilities. The company’s existing portfolio focuses exclusively on the Macau 
market, which is the world’s largest single casino gaming market with gross gaming revenues 
(i.e.  the total amount of money players wager minus the amounts paid out to them as 
winnings) of nearly $30 billion in 2025 (>3x Las Vegas Strip), up 9% y-y. In 2025, Macau also 
set an all-time record for arrivals, with 40.1 million visitors, up 15% y-y (vs Las Vegas at ~39 
million). Visitation from mainland China grew at an even faster pace, rising 18% to 29 million, 
representing 72% of all visitors to Macau (with the rest mainly from Hong Kong). 
We note that  Galaxy’s share price remains at near record lows (including below its COVID 
low!) despite the Macau market show ing a consistent post -COVID recovery in visitation, 
revenue and profitability, with gaming revenue growing another 14% y -y in the first three 
months of 2026. Interestingly, as the below chart shows, there remains further room for 
improvement, especially from mainland Chinese provinces excluding Guangdong, as well as 
from Hong Kong and international source markets. 
 
Exhibit 4: Macau Market Visitation Overview, January and February 2026 vs 2019  
(source: Las Vegas Sands, 1Q26 Results Presentation) 
 
1 Source: Macao DSEC statistical database. 
 
At a recent share price of HKD34, the market is valuing Galaxy at only 7x our estimate of 2026 
EBITDA and less than 10x our estimate of 2026 earnings, excluding the significant net cash 
balance (~25% of market cap). This valuation is undemanding relative to the growth prospects 
of Macau in general, as well as the below company-specific dynamics at Galaxy: 
1) Galaxy is nearing the end of its Macau capex cycle, with its adjacent property 
expansion due to finish in 2027 in an otherwise largely supply -constrained Macau 
market. Galaxy’s capital employed has increased by more than 50% since 2019, 
depressing return on equity (including the large cash balances) from 18% in 2019 to 
14% in 2025. We think returns will recover as the new facilities mature and are fully 
utilized. Also, given lower capex needs going forward, we think Galaxy will increase 
capital returns (including special dividends and potentially buybacks  per 
management’s recent commentary). 
 
2) With its recent expansi on projects, including additional hotel, entertainment and 
conference space, the company is well -positioned to take advantage of Macau’s 
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:05 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

 
8 
 
transformation from a city for only gamblers to a more diversified, family -friendly 
destination akin to the transfo rmation made by Las Vegas  long ago. For example, 
whereas VIP gamblers accounted for nearly 40% of Macau gross gaming win in 2019, 
this figure has reduced to below 15% in 2025. So, while VIP revenue remains at 31% 
of its 2019 level, mass gaming revenue in 2025 exceeded the 2019 level by 28%. We 
think these trends will continue and Galaxy should benefit given its diversified offerings. 
 
3) Galaxy is the only company of the six Macau  concessionaires to have a net cash 
balance sheet. Closest peer Sands China is levered ~2.5x, while the others range as 
follows: MGM China ~1.6x, Melco ~4.5x, Wynn Macau ~5 .1x, and SJM at ~8x. We 
have always liked Galaxy  management’s conservative, owner-mindset, with the Lui 
family owning 51% of the equity. While the market largely ignores this net cash asset 
at Galaxy, we think it will contribute significantly to Galaxy’s long term earnings growth. 
In addition to potential opportunities in Asia, we note that Galaxy has a partnership 
(including a small equity stake)  with Monaco-based SBM, which owns and manages 
the Monte Carlo Casino.  
 
While we wait for Galaxy to announce potential new casino projects in the future, and Macau 
continues with its transformation, we are getting paid a ~5% regular dividend yield, with capital 
returns set to grow further via special dividends and/or buybacks to potentially match the very 
attractive 8-9% free cash flow yield (on a net cash balance sheet), based on our estimate of 
2026 free cash flow.  
 
Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc. (New York: ARCO) — 4% of fund net asset value: 
Arcos Dorados is the world’s largest independent McDonald’s franchisee, operating the 
dominant quick service restaurant chain in Latin America and the Caribbean. In its key market 
Brazil, which accounts for more than half of segment EBITDA, Arcos has about 45% market 
share, or roughly 2x its nearest competitor Burger King. About 70% of the company’s ~2,500 
restaurant locations are company-operated, the rest are sub -franchised. In 2025, Arcos has 
exercised an option to renew its master franchise agreement wi th McDonald’s for another 
twenty years.   
Our investment thesis on Arcos Dorados is that the significant depreciation of the Brazilian 
real and other currencies across the company’s geographic footprint has obscured a strong 
underlying business that has been generating consistent cash flow, re -investing in its store 
base and digital sales channels, as well as taking significant market share , especially post-
COVID.  
Based on our average cost of ~$8.00 per share, we have purchased Arcos at a ~5.5x multiple 
of 2025 operating cash flow  of ~$300m (largely in -line with the 2023 -25 average) . While 
management has been re -investing this cash flow back into the business (and this is set to 
continue with 2026 capex guidance of $300 million at the midpoint) , we think the market is 
missing several recent developments which will significantly increase future operating cash 
flow. With management indicating total annual capex to stay within the $300 million range 
going forward, we think capital returns are set to increase significantly as free cash flow starts 
to build over time. 
We estimate operating cash flow to grow strongly from the 2025 base due to 1) the recent 
strengthening of Latin American currencies against the US Dollar, including a more than 10% 
strengthening of the Brazilian Real relative to the 2025 average of ~5.60BRL per USD; 2)  the 
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:05 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

 
9 
 
receipt of a tax credit in Brazil in late 2025 which should translate to an annual cash benefit of 
around $30 million for the next 5 years; 3) margin improvement in the key Brazilian market as 
the company continues to mitigate a 35% increase in beef prices in 2025; and 4) an overall 
cost savings and efficiency drive by the new CEO, including , for example , a recent debt 
restructure which should yield more than $6-7 million of annual interest cost saves. 
All in, we estimate operating cash flow could exceed $400 million in 2026, and further grow to 
approx. $500 million over the next three years . Assuming a  modest 12x multiple on our 
estimate of 2029 FCF of ~$200 million, the implied IRR on our cost is in the high teens in our 
base case scenario, with significant further upside should the US Dollar continue to weaken 
against Latina American currencies, and the Brazilian Real in particular.       
While the main risk to our investment thesis is a reversal in USD weakness, other risks include 
renewed input cost pressures, including for food and paper prices. Mitigating factors include 
the company’s largely local food supply chain and operational excellence, ample cash 
generation and a strong balance sheet (with year-end 2025 net leverage of only 1.2x EBITDA 
and significant owned real estate, mainly its Brazilian locations). 
 
* * * 
The above top five holdings represent nearly 25% of total net asset value . In addition to 
Galaxy, we own smaller stakes in two other Macau-focused gaming companies ( Melco and 
MGM China), which on a combined basis, represents ~10% of fund net assets with exposure 
to the Macau investment theme. Overall, our China-related holdings represent 20-25% of the 
portfolio. 
Over the last two months, w e have also increased our exposure to UK equities, which now 
represent nearly 30% of the portfolio (roughly in line with our US equity exposure). While more 
than half of our UK holdings are in equities that are listed in the UK but have global business 
exposures (such as IWG and S4), we have also purchased several UK homebuilders following 
their material share price declines over the last two months . Our UK homebuilder basket 
represents nearly 10% of portfolio net asset value.  
Our cash balance is now less than 10% (versus nearly 20% at the end of February) as we 
have used the market sell -off in March to make new investments and add to our existing 
positions. Some of the cash also serves as collateral for out-of-the-money put options we have 
sold during the recent spike in volatility on several of our existing holdings where we would be 
willing to own more of the shares at lower prices (or just get paid an attractive option premium 
in case our strike prices are not triggered). 
 
* * * 
Thank you for your continued trust and support, 
MGE Global Equity SP 
 
 
 
 
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:05 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

 
10 
 
Appendix 
 
Our investment philosophy – an analogy from the world of real estate investing: 
We are fundamental investors. What we mean by that is best illustrated with an analogy from 
real estate investing:  
Imagine you are considering to purchase a house as an investment. Among other factors, you 
are likely interested in the price you pay and th e rent you can collect, i.e. the annual rental 
yield on the property. We think about buying stocks in the same way. What ultimately matters 
most is the price we pay and the intrinsic value we get – as expressed by the stream of cash 
flow we can collect as part owners of the company we invest in. The higher this so-called free 
cash flow (i.e. rental) yield, the better - all else being equal.  
As any seasoned real estate investor knows, making money from rental income is only one 
way of making a return. Another, perhaps more enticing way, is to buy a property in the belief 
that someone else will come along who will pay a lot more for the property without much regard 
for the rental income. Perhaps that buyer is content to even let the property stay empty. We 
call this and similar types of investing non-fundamental. Ultimately, non-fundamental investing 
relies on making an attractive return on investment from factors beyond the underlying income 
produced by the asset purchased. We try to avoid such set -ups in the world of public equity 
investing. 
Another interesting comparison between stock market and real estate investing has to do with 
the concept of price vs. (intrinsic) value. If you own your home, you will have a good sense of 
what the property is worth . In other words, you don’t need Bloomberg to tell you what your 
property is worth, and certainly not on a daily basis. In fact, if Bloomberg were to suddenly 
quote you a price for your home that you thought was irrationally high (or low), you might be 
tempted to sell your home at the quoted price (or buy more of it if that was possible).  
Of course, since residential real estate is not generally quoted, you are spared such 
distractions. In the world of stock market investing, we cannot escape the daily pri ce 
quotations. On the other hand, if we have a good grasp of the value of our investments (similar 
to knowing what your house is worth) , we can escape the belief that price must equal value 
all the time. In fact, if we see wide differences  between price and value we may actually act 
upon them, for example, buying a stock when we think the market is offering it at a much lower 
price than we think it’s worth. That is fundamental investing and that is what we aim to do. 
 
Our two-pronged investment approach – a key differentiator that keeps us focused on 
risk/reward as the sole criterion for deploying capital: 
As fundamental investors, we run the risk of becoming dogmatic in our approach, i.e. claiming 
superiority of certain ways of invest ing. For example, this can include  investing in so-called 
compounders, regardless of their valuation,  or insisting on only buying companies that are 
quantitatively cheap on current, readily observable financials.  
In our experience, it pays to have an open mind that can entertain various types of investment 
opportunities, and which allows for a certain creativity when thinking about the intrinsic value 
of companies. Accordingly, our approach is largely agnostic in terms of country, sector, market 
cap or inv estment type. Rather, we seek to specialize in identifying wide price/value 
dislocations, which usually come about as a result of some near -term challenge to the 
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:05 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

 
11 
 
business (which, in turn, leads to a lower share price). This can apply to quality companies or 
companies that are not widely thought of as quality companies. We refer to the latter as 
‘special situations’, i.e. a mix of opportunities that can include companies with several business 
segments, turnarounds and other corporate re -organizations, or sim ply misunderstood or 
ignored companies. 
So, we have a two -pronged investment approach, including 1) high-quality companies when 
we can buy them at an attractive price  (usually not available very often; and when available, 
mostly as a result of external shocks not specific to the company under consideration); and 2) 
special situations which can arise in any market environment.  
Most important, our ability to invest in both types of opportunit ies allows us to stay nimble in 
terms of where we can find the best investments. Rather than follow market narratives, we 
also stay focused on risk/reward as the sole criterion for deploying capital.  
 
Our investment objective: 
Our investment objective is to generate a 20%+ annual average gross return, while minimizing 
the risk of permanent capital loss.  
We do so by investing in a n unlevered, concentrated portfolio of public equities which we 
assess to be undervalued relative to their share price s. In addi tion, we employ certain 
option/warrant strategies, within defined limits, in order to optimize the risk/reward in certain 
equity positions as well as to protect the overall portfolio against systemic risk. 
In order to have a reasonable chance of achieving our investment objective, especially in the 
context of using no leverage, we tend to embrace volatility (rather than try to suppress it). 
Accordingly, our definition of investment risk is not volatility, but instead the probability and 
magnitude of losing money. Moreover, we assess this on a portfolio -wide level, taking into 
account the possibility that we lose money on any individual position in the portfolio. 
Lastly, we think the appropriate time horizon to measure  our performance is on a minimum 
three-year basis, which corresponds to the investing time horizon of the vast majority of our 
underlying portfolio holdings. 
 
 
  Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:05 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

 
12 
 
Disclaimer 
 
This document is for Professional Clients only. The Platform Manager is Eschler Asset 
Management LLP, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The Platform Manager has 
appointed Neovision Wealth Management Limited as the Investment Manager. Neovision 
Wealth Management Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory 
Authority (FSRA) of the Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM) with FSP No. 220080 and is solely 
responsible for the investment management of the Fund's assets and the content of this 
document. The Fund's  investment strategy is managed by Oliver Mihaljevic, Investment 
Manager at Neovision Wealth Management Limited. The information and opinions contained 
herein are subject to updating and verification and may be subject  to amendment. No 
representation or warranty, express or implied, is given by NWM or its directors as to the  
accuracy or completeness of the information or opinions contai ned in this document, and no 
liability is accepted for  any such information or opinions. The value of investments and any 
income generated may go down as well as up and is not guaranteed. Past performance is not 
necessarily a guide to future performance. S imulated future  performance is based on 
reasonable assumptions supported by data and based on performance scenarios in different 
market conditions (both negative and positive), reflecting the nature and risks of the specified 
types of investments included in the analysis. This document is for information purposes only 
and does not constitute an offer to invest; any investment should be made solely on the basis 
of the Fund’s Private Offering Memorandum. 
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:05 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.
