Please see important Endnotes and Disclaimers starting on page four. 
 
 
 
 
Dear Partners: 
To start the year, several themes have dominated the headlines; most directly for MGG have been the headlines of stress in 
middle-market credit quality, the Middle East/Iran conflict and its implications for energy and inflation, and everyone’s topic 
du jour, the acceleration of artificial intelligence. As we addr ess each topic in turn, moments like this reinforce our view th at 
direct information, remaining disciplined, and focusing on inve stments in recession-resilient businesses with strong liquidity 
profiles provides better outcomes. Greater market uncertainty has historically produced attractive investing opportunities, and 
the current market is no exception (proprietary deal flow is up over 15% year over year in the first quarter). 
The private credit industry continues to attract scrutiny, and some of that scrutiny is 
well deserved. The industry has benefited greatly over the past decade given the returns 
delivered and the losses prevented versus other asset classes. Approximately $710 
billion of capital has come into direct lending in the past five years.
1
 The saying goes, 
“all things that go up must come down,” and that is the case right now in private credit. 
As we articulated in our 4Q25 letter, not all of the industry is the same and we invest 
in the illiquid middle market ($10 million to $75 million EBITDA businesses) space 
which we believe will have better results over this cycle.  
The suspicion of the “non-bank” lending market is growing, and we believe many are 
worried it could trigger another pre-2008 subprime mortgage cris is. Fears have crept in on the liquidity of the industry, 
reminiscent of the 2008 “run on the bank fears.” At MGG, we be lieve many of the concerns fo r the industry are overblown 
and not as widespread as feared, but there are a few key areas worth highlighting below: 
LME documentation:  we have been warning the market for several years that the practice of Liability Management 
Exercises (LMEs) would hurt the credit industry. It is im portant, however, not to conflate the broader “private credit” 
label with the specific segment in which MGG operates. Bank-led syndication desks, broadly syndicated loans, and upper 
middle-market sponsor-led deals (where covenant-lite structures and LMEs have become increasingly common) are not 
our market. MGG focuses exclusively on the middle market ($10 million  to $75 million in EBITDA), where we source 
a significant portion of our deals outside sponsor-led processe s, demand full access to information, and insist on credit 
agreements that explicitly prevent LMEs. MGG has zero LMEs in its portfolio.  
Tech Sector Exposure : a common place for the private credit sector to invest over the past several years (because of 
lacking competition and outsized yield) has been in Annu al Recurring Revenue (ARR) so ftware businesses which lose 
EBITDA for the sake of growing market share and top-line re venue growth. The thesis is that at a defined point, the 
enormous (relative to revenue) business sales and marketing and software costs will “normalize” once market share is 
achieved from a large number of long-term contracts and ca sh EBITDA will emerge. The comparable metric to cash 
flow lending leverage levels is the ARR multiple someone is willing to lend. While MGG firmly believes that ~1x ARR 
is the appropriate leverage point, the private credit market has been willing to increase these levels to as high as 3x ARR 
(especially in the 2021 and 2022 vintages). We believe those levels are equivalent to over 6.0x EBITDA leverage. With 
the introduction of AI, the fear is that these businesses are inherently worth less, therefore impairing lenders. We cannot 
comment on the industry, but it is worth noting that we have , as of this writing, approx imately 3.5% of our portfolio 
exposed to these types of deals.
2
 
Churn assumptions that were reasonable in a slower-moving competitive environment may need to be rebuilt from the 
ground up. Case in point, we were recently refinanced out of a business we liked, but the company demanded we extend 
above 1x ARR and we declined. This doesn’t mean it’s a fl awed investment, rather we find the anecdote useful in 
demonstrating that the market is still very competitive and look ing to push the limits on lending capacity to find assets. 
We remember to remain levelheaded in bull markets and steadfast in bear markets.  
 
First Quarter 2026 Investor Letter 
Direct Lending Strategy 
“…remaining disciplined and 
focusing on investments in 
recession-resilient businesses 
with strong liquidity profiles 
provides us with better 
outcomes.
 
 
Please see important Endnotes and Disclaimers starting on page four. 
 
 
 
2 | First Quarter 2026 Investor Letter 
 
Retail Investor Exposure:  – similar to the aforementioned LME conversation, we have been warning the market as to 
the danger of taking retail money from indi vidual investors (such as through interval funds) as they tend to be investors 
seeking liquidity and may not understand the inherent risks associated with the nuances of the private credit market. This 
has recently been seen in the public BDC market. We  cannot comment on the industry; however, MGG has 
approximately 300 blue chip institutional investors and only 2.5% exposure to retail investors. Moreover, our evergreen 
funds have associated hard-locks and do not force asset sales even when put into redemption.  
Iran accounts for a meaningful share of global oil supply, and in MGG’s view, even a partial demand constraint has introduced 
a new and significant variable into the macro landscape. For many companies, energy is not an abstraction; it can meaningfully 
increase any number of line items, including freight/logistic s, manufacturing, or component costs. While we are not as 
concerned about first order impacts in our portfolio due to intentionally limiting complex supply chain exposure, we are 
monitoring carefully for second-order effects as we expect ele vated oil prices to be inflationary. As in prior periods of 
dislocation, we are in regular contact with each of our borrowe rs and portfolio companies, and so far, we are not seeing any 
acute stress. We have always been cautious about investing in bu sinesses with heavy fixed-charge structures or thin operating 
margins, and that view is only reinforc ed by the potentially disproportionate impact  that may come from sustained higher 
crude prices. 
From a monetary policy perspective, we expect a renewed emphasis on inflation to complicate the Federal Reserve’s calculus. 
While many managers survived the first round of “higher-for-longer,” we co ntinue to expect that 2026 and 2027 will be a 
“sorting” period as any demand destruction remains a key ri sk we are watching, particularly among the consumer-facing 
businesses we have long flagged as a potential vulnerability. 
RECENT INVESTMENTS 
Our pipeline has remained strong entering the year (up 15% YOY). We made new 
investments in Projects Reels, Assist, Gold finger, Madmen, and Faraday for approximately 
$288 million in total new commitments. Below please find a summary of these investments: 
 
Project Reels is an established developer of free-to-play mobile and web-based social games. 
In January, we provided capital to support a management buyout of the business. 
Project Assist provides AI-native enterprise software to streamline and automate customer 
support.  In February, we provided capital to refinance existing debt and support growth. 
Project Goldfinger is a multi-channel direct marketer of numismatic coins and bullion 
products.  In February, we provided capital to refinance and upsize an existing facility. 
Project Madmen leverages a proprietary large behavior model to predict consumer behavior. 
In March, we provided capital to support the acquisition of a complementary ad-tech business. 
Project Faraday manufactures copper alloy wires and conductors, includin g for use in aviation com ponents.  In March, we 
provided capital to acquire a geographic competitor in Europe. 
REALIZATIONS 
In the first quarter, we fully realized one investment, Project Parts, for over $170 million in cumulative proceeds.  
Project Parts is a defense parts distribution business. The loan was fully repaid in January.  
Investors across the private credit market , as well as MGG, should expect to see valuation declines in 2026. This does not 
necessarily mean long-term issues in the private credit market  but rather reflects a concerned market amongst providers, 
including valuation firms. Valuation firms have begun marking down a meaningful number of middle-market borrowers, and 
MGG focuses exclusively 
on the middle market ($10 
million to $75 million in 
EBITDA), where we 
source a significant portion 
of our deals outside 
sponsor-led processes, 
demand full access to 
information, and insist on 
credit agreements that 
explicitly prevent LMEs. 
 
Please see important Endnotes and Disclaimers starting on page four. 
 
 
 
3 | First Quarter 2026 Investor Letter 
 
the headlines around credits such as First Brands and Tricolor have raised legitimate questions about underwriting standards 
across the sector. The markdowns being reported are, in our view, a recognition of stress that has been building for some 
time but also a sign that the process is working the way it’s  supposed to. We will share in temporary markdowns, but I point 
to our focus since inception on a strong Asset Management Group, our track record during the GFC
3
, and our performance 
since MGG’s inception as counterpoints to concerns.  
FUNDRAISING  
We are encouraged by the strong interest from both existing limited partners and new prospects as we hold a series of rolling 
closes for Fund V. The target remains $2.25 billion, with just shy of $1 billion already committed. 
I am always available if you have any questions. In addition, please reach out to Andrew Gern if you would like to learn more 
about any of our product offerings. Andrew can be reached at +1 212-356-6120 or agern@mgginv.com. 
Sincerely,  
 
 
Kevin F . Griffin 
 
  

 
Please see important Endnotes and Disclaimers starting on page four. 
 
 
 
4 | First Quarter 2026 Investor Letter 
 
Endnotes 
Page 1 
1. Source: Preqin Market Research, “Historical Fundraising – Direct Lending” accessed May 1, 2026. 
2. This value represents the percentage market value of software ARR loans in the Direct Lending portfolio as of March 31
st
, 2026. It also 
excludes Project Omakase IV which was realized in April 2026. 
3. Senior MGG team members originated and underwrote loans in 200 7 and 2008 while at other unaffilia ted investment advisory firms 
such as in Mr. Griffin’s case, Octavian Advisors, LP. 
 
Disclaimers and Notes  
The information contained herein has been prepared from original sources and data we believe to be reliable but can be updated at any time. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is given as to the ac curacy or completeness of the information or opinions 
contained in the enclosed materials by the Investment Manager, the Funds, their members, shareholders, directors, general partners, invest-
ment advisers, or respective affiliates or employees, and no liability is accepted by such persons for the accuracy or completeness of any such 
information or opinions. The Investment Manager disclaims any obligation to update this document and the information contained herein is 
subject to change without notice. 
 
The enclosed materials contain general info rmation about MGG Investment Group LP (the “Investment Manager”) and its advisory cl ient 
funds. The enclosed materials are being provided to you on a confidential basis for informational and discussion purposes only, in response 
to your specific request.  The enclosed materials contain only a summary of key information, are not complete, and do not conta in certain 
material information about funds or future-related funds (collectively, the “Funds”) managed by the Investment Manager, including important 
conflicts disclosures and risk factors associated with an investment in the Funds. The enclosed materials are not an offer to sell or a solicitation 
of an offer to purchase interests in any Fund, nor do they constitute a financial promotion, investment advice or an inducement or incitement 
to participate in any product, offering or  investment, nor do they sugge st, implicitly or otherwise, that the Funds have receiv ed regulatory 
approval. Offers and sales will be made only in accordance with the applicable securities laws pu rsuant to a confidential priva te placement 
memorandum (“PPM”), which describes risks related to an investment in the Funds, the Limited Partnership Agreement and the Subscription 
Agreement relating to the applicable Fund  (collectively, the “Agreements”), each of  which will qualify all the information cont ained in the 
enclosed materials. The Agreements should be read in their entirety and carefully prior to investment.  
 
The enclosed materials are intended exclus ively for the use of the person to whom it  was delivered. The information contained h erein is 
intended solely for “qualified purchasers” as that term is defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940 or “institutional investors” as 
that term is defined in FINRA Rule 2210. The information contained herein does not take into account the particular investment objectives, 
needs or financial circumstances of any spec ific person who may receive it and is not tailored in any way. Strategies discussed  herein may 
involve investments in less liquid securities as well as leverage. Due to the potential volatility of net asset values, these products are intended 
for sophisticated investors who meet certain eligibility requirements, have no need for immediate liquidity in their investment, and can bear 
the risk of an investment in the relevant Fund for an extended period of time. You and your adviser(s) should consider any lega l, tax, and 
accounting matters relevant to any investments discussed herein or arising therefrom. If you are subject to ERISA, this presentation is being 
furnished to you on the condition that it will not form a primary basis for any investment decision. The past performance of the Funds or any 
other investment vehicle or account managed or advised by the Principals of the Investment Manager is not necessarily indicative of the future 
results of the Funds, is presented net of all fees and expenses, and represents the reinvestment of all dividends, interests, and profits, and new 
issue profits and losses.  
 
The information in this document is highly confidential and is being provided for your confidential use with the express understanding that, 
without prior written permission, you will not release this document, in whole or in part, or discuss the information contained herein or make 
reproduction of or use this memorandum for any purpose other than a preliminary evaluation of the information contained herein.  Each 
person accepting the enclosed materials thereb y agrees to return them promptly upon re quest.  Notwithstanding anything to the c ontrary 
herein, each recipient of this presentation  may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatm ent and tax 
structure of: (i) the Funds and (ii) any of the Funds' transactions, and all materials of  any kind (including opinions or other  tax analyses) 
relating to such tax treatment and tax structure. The distribution of the information contained herein in certain jurisdictions may be restricted, 
and, accordingly, it is the responsibility of any prospective investor to satisfy itself as to compliance with relevant laws and regulations. 
 
The information contained herein may contain certain forward-looking statements relating to the investments that are based on MGG’s beliefs 
as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to MGG.  These forward-looking statements are subject to sig nificant 
 
Please see important Endnotes and Disclaimers starting on page four. 
 
 
 
5 | First Quarter 2026 Investor Letter 
 
risks and uncertainties.  Past performance of a borrower or port folio company is not indicative of future results.  There is no  guarantee or 
assurance that the Investment Manager or the Funds will successfully make future investments or that future investments will share any of the 
criteria described herein or that the investments will achieve any IRRs (or equivalent) estimated evenly (estimated at loan origination) herein.  
Numbers may not always add up due to rounding.   
 
Performance:  
Gross IRRs and MOICs are calculated on deal level cashflows for all deals, realized and/or unrealized, and net of deal level ex penses in US 
dollar amounts. Gross IRRs, Gross MOIC/TVPI and Gross Return do not reflect investment management fees or carried interest char ged 
by the investment manager.  Investment returns of an  investor will be reduced by investment  management fees, carried interest an d other 
expenses (including without limitation fund-level expenses, leverage expenses and investment expenses, in each case, as applica ble) charged 
by the investment manager of the underlying fund, which will be detailed in the fund’s PPM. All references to MOIC reflect tota l value 
(realized proceeds and remaining MV) on total invested capital, but may exclude revolving credit facilities and amounts originated and syndi-
cated post-closing. Weighted Average MOICs Per Project use the weighted average by size/invested capital to calculate MOICs across multiple 
projects. An investment Modeled Net IRR, Modeled Net MOIC/TVPI, and Modeled Net Return assume the highest investment manage-
ment fees (Direct Lending Strategy: 1.5%), carried interest (Direct Lending Strategy: 15%) with the highest hurdle rates (Direc t Lending 
Strategy: 7%) stated in the relevant fund’s PPM, the highest anticipated expenses, a reduction in investment income due to idle called capital, 
and unincorporated business taxes if applicable. Actual expenses may be higher than what has been assumed which would result in materially 
lower returns to an investor. Modeled composite fund level MOIC a ccounts for recycling that occurs  in MGG funds. Given that the se 
cashflows are investment level and not fund level we are modeling a fund level MOIC by multiplying the Gross IRR by the number of years 
that deals have been actively invested (investment period). Prior to September 30, 2023, the composite-level TVPI or MOIC was calculated 
using the weighted average (by size) MOICs across the investments,  which does not account for recycled capital. Such net IRR/MO IC and 
TVPI figures are hypothetical approximations and are not necessarily reflective of the returns achieved by any actual investor or an actual 
fund. Gross MOICs. Additional details about the assumptions for these hypothetical and estimated calculations are available upon request. 
Fund level TVPI calculations are adjusted for recycling by divi ding net profit by the weighted average called capital balance o f such fund. 
Prior to such date, the fund-level and composite-level TVPI or MO IC was calculated in accordance with ILPA guidelines, which do  not 
account for recycled capital. Additional details about the assumptions for these hypothetical and estimated calculations are av ailable upon 
request. Any Net Estimated IRR or MOIC is a Modelled Net Estimated IRR or MOIC. 
 
Hypothetical Extracted Performance:  
Realized IRR or Realized MOIC represents solely the cash proceeds derived from realized investments in a single fund or multiple funds in 
a single strategy. Such IRRs may not represent the actual performance of all investments (inclusive of realized and unrealized investments) in 
a single fund. Aggregated performance of multiple portfolios is hy pothetical in nature and should under no circumstances be reg arded as a 
representation, warranty or prediction that any fund managed by  MGG will reflect any particular performance, achieve any particular result 
or that investors will be able to avoid losses, including total losses of their investment. Performance information for a single fund inclusive of 
realized and unrealized investments is available upon request. Strategy statistics aggregate or average all investments in all MGG Funds in such 
strategy but may exclude certain smaller investments (e.g., equal to  or less than 1% of assets or revolvers) or investments hel d for cash man-
agement or for short-term (rather than to maturity). The characteristics of the investments in the funds in the strategy is as 
of a point in time. 
There is no guarantee or assurance that the Fund will successfully make funded or unfunded investments or that funded or unfunded invest-
ments will share any of the criteria of current investments. Ther e can be no assurance that the funds will continue to hold suc h investments 
or will invest in such types of investments in the future.  
 
Hypothetical Projected or Estimated Performance at Underwriting or Origination:  
Projected/Estimated IRR, YTM, MOIC values at Origination represent estimated time series calculations for investment cashflows including 
expected investment income, original issue discount and call protection prepayments due at a three year maturity and may in cer tain cases, 
include estimated value from warrants and/or exit or similar fees, all over a three year  investment period. It excludes any ove rall portfolio 
leverage (unless otherwise stated), investment hedging costs or post-close deal expenses. IRR assumes no default or principal loss, or additional 
invested capital post origination. The ultimate returns to an investor would be materially different should there be a default, loss, write-down, 
write-off, further investment or expenses, or if investment income is different from the investment manager’s expectations at u nderwriting. 
Accordingly, all references to Projected MOIC reflect estimated to tal value to be earned on total invested capital over a three -year period. 
Aggregated Projected/Estimated IRR, YTM, MOIC values at Originat ion across multiple investments are calculated on a weighted av erage 
investment basis by size of originated capital. 
 
Furthermore, Projected/Estimated IRR, YTM, MOIC or Return values at Origination reflect financial model projections based upon numer-
ous factors, including as appropriate or as available but not lim ited to: transaction comparables, projected growth, public com parables and 
 
Please see important Endnotes and Disclaimers starting on page four. 
 
 
 
6 | First Quarter 2026 Investor Letter 
 
discounted cash flows, investment strategy, prior performance of similar products, risk tolerance and market conditions. Such f igures based 
on research conducted by MGG and the conclusions are MGG’s opinions based on its own internal analysis and significant assumpti ons. 
While MGG believes that its models, estimates and assumptions used  to generate this data are reasonable, assumptions are extrem ely sub-
jective in nature and are subject to inherent limitations, and other assumptions may also be reasonable. There can be no assurance that they 
are correct and not all considerations material to the actual pe rformance of an investment may be reflected therein. Different assumptions 
may result in materially different figures.  Actual results and events may differ materi ally and are inherently subject to signi ficant economic, 
market and other risks and uncertainties that may change at any time and may adversely affect performance. Estimated returns are not to be 
relied upon as facts. Additional detailed information regarding the assumptions, criteria and models used to derive estimated MOIC figures 
is available upon request. Such information is not representative of any single current or future portfolio manage. Aggregated performance of 
multiple portfolios is hypothetical in nature and should under no circumstances be regarded as a representation, warranty or prediction that 
any fund managed by MGG will reflect any particular performance, achieve any particular result or that investors will be able to avoid losses, 
including total losses of their investment. A single fund’s actual results may differ materially from those MGG expected. In no circumstances 
should the estimated performance be regarded as a representation , warranty or prediction that any Fund will achieve or is likel y to achieve 
any particular result or that investors w ill be able to avoid losses, including a tota l loss of their investment. Inherent in a ny investment is the 
potential for loss. 
 
Past performance is not indicative of future results. There is no guarantee or assurance that the fund will be successful in co mmitting or 
deploying capital. The returns may change ma terially after the manager’s underwriting of the investment, and may not be indicat ive of the 
fund’s and the investment’s performance over time. In some cases, the calculations shown herein do not reflect a single fund and may instead 
include multiple funds, and therefore may not necessarily reflect an actual fund. The data shown herein is estimated, unaudited, and subject 
to change. Flagship Strategy statistics aggregates or averages all investments in all MGG Flagship Funds but exclude certain smaller investments 
(e.g., equal to or less than 1% of assets or revolvers) or investments held for cash management or for short term (rather than to maturity). The 
characteristics of the investments in the fund s in the Flagship Strategy is as of a po int in time. There is no guarantee or ass urance that the 
Fund will successfully make funded or unfunded investments or that funded or unfunded investments will share any of the criteria of current 
investments. There can be no assurance that  the funds will continue to hold such inve stments or will invest in such types of in vestments in 
the future. 
 
The indices presented herein have not been selected to represent an appropriate benchmark to compare to the performance of MGG funds. 
Rather, the indices are disclosed to allow for comparison of such funds’ performance to that of broad U.S. markets. The investm ent guide-
lines, criteria and holdings of the indices differ significantly from the MGG funds. In addition  to these significant differenc es between the 
indices and MGG funds, the indices are not managed and not levered. 
 
LCD Middle Market Weekly. Morningstar LSTA US Leveraged Loan  TR USD Index (SPBD LLB:US Inde x) - Morningstar, December 
31
st
, 2025. The Morningstar LSTA US Leveraged Loan Index is a market-value weighted index designed to measure the performance of the 
US leveraged loan market. 
 
The risk factors described herein do not purport to be a complete  description of investment risk s in the Funds. Investors shoul d read the 
complete PPM which contains comprehensive risk and conflict of interest disclosures before making any decision whether or not to invest in 
the Funds. Investing in financial markets in volves a substantial degree of risk. There is  no guarantee or representation that t he investment 
program, including, without limitation, its investment objectives, diversification strategies, or risk monitoring goals, will b e successful, and 
investment results may vary substantially over time. Any investment in the Funds is speculative, involves a high degree of risk, and is illiquid. 
Nothing herein is intended to imply that the Fund's investment methodology may be considered ""conservative,"" ""safe,"" ""risk free,"" or ""risk 
averse."" Economic, market, and other conditions could also caus e the Fund to alter its investme nt objectives, guidelines, and restrictions. 
Investors in the Funds can lose all or a significant portion of their investment. Accordingly, the following should be considered before making 
an investment in a Fund: 
 
No Assurance of Investment Return – The Fu nds may have recently commenced operations and, therefore, have no performance histor y. 
Information contained herein relating to the performance of prior investments made and managed by the principals is not necessarily indic-
ative of the future performance of the Funds. This presentation contains current market views, opinions, and expectations of MGG based on 
its historic experience and proprietary research. Historic market trends are not reliable indicators of actual future market behavior or future 
performance of any particular investment of any Fund which may differ materially, and are not to be relied upon as such. There can be no 
assurance that investors in any Fund or account will receive a return of capital or certain level of return. 
 
Investment Risks – The value of a security or securities may fall due to economic, political, or business developments that affect the securities 
 
Please see important Endnotes and Disclaimers starting on page four. 
 
 
 
7 | First Quarter 2026 Investor Letter 
 
markets generally, and entire industry or sector, or a particular company. The Funds’ performance may be volatile. The Funds ma y use 
leverage and/or derivative instruments (such as futures, options and short sales), which may result in greater losses to investors and increased 
volatility. In addition, the Funds’ fees an d expenses may offset their profits. The payment of a performance-based fee to the I nvestment 
Manager may incentivize the Investment Manager to make riskier investments than it would otherwise. The value at which Fund investments 
can be liquidated may differ, sometimes significantly, from interim valuations determined by the Fund due in part to the size, concentration 
or illiquidity of positions held by the Fund or for other reasons.  The Fund may invest in non-U.S. securities which may expose investments 
to currency fluctuation as well as other risks, such as greater liquidity, higher fees, and greater instability. Other investment risks include those 
related to investing in loans and other de bt instruments and investing in the middle market, which are less liquid and have gre ater risk than 
other investments, fraud risk, the inability to source or obtain loans on advantageous terms and the risk of lender liability, among other risks. 
 
Investment and Due Diligence Process – Before  making investments, the Investment Mana ger will conduct due diligence that it dee ms 
reasonable and appropriate to evaluate important and complex business, financial, tax, accounting and legal issues. The Investment Manager 
will rely on the resources reasonably available to it, which may not be sufficient, accurate, complete or reliable. Due diligence may not reveal 
or highlight matters that could have a material adverse effect on the value of an investment. 
 
Limited Transferability of Interests in the Fund – There are rest rictions on withdrawing and transferring interests from the Fu nds. The 
interests in the Fund are highly illiquid, have no public market and are not transferable except with the consent of the general partner of the 
relevant Fund. There is no secondary market for investors’ interests in the Funds and none is expected to develop. 
 
Dependence on Investment Manager – The Limited Partner will have no right or power to participate in the management of the Fund, and 
may receive limited information regarding valuations and pricing. The Limited Partner must rely on the Investment Manager to make invest-
ment decisions consistent with the Fund’s investment objectives and policies. The Investment Manager has complete trading autho rity with 
respect to Fund investments and as a result the portfolio of the Fund could be highly concentrated  with consequently higher ris k. The 
Investment Manager may cause the Fund to incur losses or miss opportunities to make profitable investments. 
 
In making an investment decision, you must rely solely on your own examination of the Funds and the terms of the applicable off ering, 
including the merits and risks involved, and not on any information or representation made or alleged to have been made herein or otherwise. 
You should not construe the contents of the enclosed materials as legal, tax, investment, or other advice.  
 
The Fund does not intend to register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940 or similar laws or regula-
tions so such laws or regulations will not be applicable. Additionally, the Fund has not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“the 1933 Act”) or the securities laws of any of the states of the United States. The interests in the Fund 
may not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly in the United States or to or for the account or benefit of any “US Person” except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 1933 Act and any applicable state laws. 
The interests in the Fund are being offered outside the United States pursuant to the exemption from registration under Regulation S under 
the 1933 Act and inside the United States in reliance on Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Act and Section 4(a)(2) thereof. There is 
no public market for the Fund and no such market is expected to develop in the future. 
 
PJT Park Hill operates as the alternative asset advisory and fundraising services practice group of PJT Partners LP (together with its affiliates 
and their respective officers, directors, partners, unit holder s, managers, members and employees, collectively, “PJT Park Hill
”), an SEC 
registered broker-dealer and a member of FINRA and SIPC. PJT Park  Hill is acting as placement agent for the Fund’s manager (tog ether 
with its affiliates, the “Fund Sponsor”), and, in that capacity, is not acting as an adviser or fiduciary to prospective investors. 
 
Prospective investors should be aware that PJT Park Hill’s statements in this and other communications regarding the Fund Spons or or its 
fund vehicles or accounts may constitute endorsements and/or testimonials under applicable U.S. regulations. PJT Park Hill expects to receive 
cash compensation and/or may receive non-ca sh compensation in connection with solicit ing prospective investors, including compensation 
based on capital raised. PJT Park Hill may also seek to do busine ss with and earn fees or commissions from the Fund Sponsor, in cluding, 
the Fund and its portfolio companies. PJT Park Hill is not a current client of the Fund Sponsor and is not an investor of the Fund, although, 
certain PJT Park Hill employees may be, or may subsequently become, a client of the Fund Sponsor or an investor of the Fund. The payment 
of cash or noncash compensation to PJT Park Hill, and any addi tional relationships that PJT Partners or our affiliates may have  with the 
Fund Sponsor or its managed vehicles, results in material conflicts of interests for PJT Partners in our role as placement agent, including an 
incentive to endorse the Fund Manager, its funds and accounts. Prospective investors should consider these potential conflicts in making their 
investment decisions. By invest ing in the Fund, prospective inve stors will be deemed to have consented to these potential confl icts and 
acknowledge that these potential conflicts are not material to their decision to provide such consent. 
 
Please see important Endnotes and Disclaimers starting on page four. 
 
 
 
8 | First Quarter 2026 Investor Letter 
 
 
This material is not intended for distribution to retail clients, as that term is defined under Directive 2014/65/EU of 15 May 2014 on markets 
in financial instruments and any relevant implementing legislation (“MiFID II”), and Regulation 1286/2014/EU on Packaged Retail  and 
Insurance-based Investment Products (“PRIIPS Regulation”), each as amended from time to time and as implemented into the law of  each 
relevant EEA member state or the United Kingdom or (ii) retail customers, as defined and interpreted by Rule 15l-1 under the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934. No retail client or retail customer are to be solicited by us and such parties shall not consider this an endorsement of 
the Fund Sponsor or any of its fund vehicles or accounts. 
 
PJT Partners is represented in the United Kingdom by PJT Partners (UK) Limited. PJT Partners (UK) Limited is authorised and regulated 
by the Financial Conduct Authority (Ref No. 678983) and is a Company registered in England and Wales (No. 9424559). PJT Partner s is 
represented in the European Economic Area by PJT Partners Park Hill (Spain) A.V., S.A.U., a firm authorized and regulated by the Comision 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores (“CNMV”). PJT Partners is represented in Hong Kong by PJT Partners (HK) Limited, authorised and  
regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission; in Australia, by PJT Partners (HK) Limited, by relying on passport license approved by 
the Australia Securities and Investment Commission. PJT Partners is represented in Japan by PJT Partners Japan K.K., a registered Type II 
Financial Instruments Business Operator (Registration Number: Director of Kanto Local Finance Bureau Kin-sho No. 3409), authorised and 
regulated by the Financial Services Agency and the Kanto Local Finance Bureau, and a regular member of the Type II Financial Instruments 
Firms Association of Japan. In connection with PJT’s capital raising services in Cana da, PJT Partners LP relies on the internat ional dealer 
exemption pursuant to subsection 8.18(2) of National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements. Please see https://pjtpartners.com/reg-
ulatory-disclosure for more information. 
 
PJT Park Hill expressly disclaims any representation or warranty regarding the accuracy or comple teness of the information or f orward-
looking statements contained herein or the performance of the Fund. PJT Partners does not have any obligation to update the inf ormation 
contained herein and nothing contained herein should be relied upon as a promise or representation as to past or future performance. Unless 
governing law permits otherwise, you must contact a PJT Partners entity in your home jurisdiction if you want to use our services in effecting 
a transaction in the securities referred to herein. 
 
All preceding paragraphs also apply to Hollister Associates, LLC as placement agent, as applicable.
