1 
 
 
 
April 1st, 2026 
 
1. Results 
 
Militia Capital made 19% net of fees in Q1: 
 
 
This report is generated by Interactive Brokers. It uses gross returns. See net of fee returns above. 
 
My own net performance was +6%, Rodrigo did +23% and Michael killed it again with +37.5% net of 
fees. 
 
I believe that both Rodrigo and Michael are better investors than I am.  Next year they will both become 
partners with a 90% profit share.  And in a few more years I will make them 100%, true partners.  We all 
love the agreement and have tremendous respect for each other, and see the mutual benefits of 
running things this way long term. 
 
 

2 
 
2. Final Hedge Fund Letter 
 
Past letters showed my thought process on individual investments, sector themes, risk management, tax 
planning and the benefits of being a multi-manager fund.  All of that will quietly continue the same as 
before. 
 
Topics covered in my past letters are well known but if I write about lesser known strategies from here, 
I’d invite competition and degrade our edge.  Thus, I’ve essentially run out of new things I can write 
about for the hedge fund.  If I did keep writing letters they would just be filler fluff.  I’d rather end these 
letters on a high note so this will be my final hedge fund letter. 
 
3. Forward Vision 
 
Beyond our focus on performance, my vision is to build a vertically integrated financial services company 
including ETFs, tax planning and a brokerage.  We will not get into banking.  This is going to be a global 
business, operating from non-autocratic countries. 
 
My business partner Sam will find us the key people and get them to build the products.  Militia PMs will 
get some stake in this business and can help find some talent, too.  The idea is simple.  We want to build 
a better system that uses AI for in house investing.  We also want to set up a more efficient stock 
borrowing operation, like I talked about in my last letter.  We will make these systems available for 
public use as part of our product offering. 
 
At some point I will start writing letters about this operation. 
 
- 
 
As always, thanks for your investment, 
 
David Orr 
 
  
3 
 
LEGAL DISCLAIMER 
 
The information contained herein reflects the opinions and projections of David Orr, founder and portfolio 
manager at Militia Capital as of the date of the letter. Mr. Orr’s opinions and projections are subject to 
change without notice. 
 
All information provided in this letter is for informational purposes only and should not be interpreted as 
investment advice or a recommendation to purchase or sell any specific security. While Mr. Orr believes 
that the information presented herein is rel iable, no representation or warranty is made concerning the 
accuracy of the data presented. Indeed, this letter is NOT an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy any interests in any Fund managed by Militia Capital or David Orr. Any such offer to sell or solicitation 
of an offer to buy will be made only 
pursuant to definitive subscription documents between the Fund and the Investor. 
 
Performance returns – gross and net – are computed by Mr. Orr. Net returns are net of performance fees 
and management expenses, if any. Upon request, Mr. Orr can provide additional information regarding 
how gross and net returns are computed. 
 
The figures provided in this letter are unaudited. 
 
Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
 
Each investor / Limited Partner will receive individual statements from the funds’ administrator showing 
actual returns. 
 
Reference to the S&P 500 does not imply that Militia Capital will achieve returns, volatility, or other results 
similar to that index. Indeed, while the S&P 500 is a long -only index primary of large capitalization 
companies, Militia Capital takes long and short positions in many securities. As such, Militia Capital’s 
portfolio may often differ materially from the S&P 500, hence the manager’s consistent reference in this 
letter to a lack of correlation. 
 
The specific investments identified and described in this letter are not a representation of all potential 
positions or strategies used by the Fund and, to the contrary, may represent a small percentage of activity. 
This information is presented to provide insight into explaining the Fund’s performance, Sharpe ratio, or 
commenting on investment principles such as valuation.
