Investment Manager’s Report
MARCH 2026
Ocellus
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:04 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

AUM – USD    45,984,803.49  
As at 31st March 2026. 1Series 1 share. 2Compound annual growth rate return figures are since inception. All portfolio 
performance data stated throughout this document is for the relevant SR Global Fund Inc. series 1 share class and 
assumes shares held since inception net of all fees with dividends reinvested.
Investors should be aware that indications of past performance shown in this report will not necessarily be repeated.  
The value of an investment in the Fund and the income from it may go down as well as up and this may be as a result 
of currency fluctuations.  Investors’ capital is at risk and they may not get back the amount they have invested.  
There are risks associated with all investments and investments providing exposure to emerging or frontier markets 
involve particular risk factors and special considerations.  Prospective investors should consider these carefully and 
seek independent advice as appropriate.  Please see the important notices at the back of this document for further 
disclosures. 
2
Performance Summary
Portfolio NAV per Share¹ One Month Three Months YTD CAGR² Inception 
Date
Ocellus 152.45 -16.2% -5.8% -5.8% 20.7% Jan-24
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:04 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

3
Ocellus
*Compound annualised return. Inception 2nd January 2024. All performance data stated throughout this section of the 
document is for the SR Global Fund Inc. (Class Q) Ocellus portfolio series 1 share class and assumes shares held since 
inception net of all fees with dividends reinvested. Index benchmarks are provided for information purposes only. The 
portfolio’s composition and performance may bear no resemblance to that of any particular index. Investors should be 
aware that indications of past performance shown in this report will not necessarily be repeated. The value of an 
investment in the Fund and the income from it may go down as well as up and this may be as a result of currency 
fluctuations.  Investors’ capital is at risk and they may not get back the amount they have invested. 
Performance: As at 31st March 2026
Manager Commentary
We cannot accelerate the growth of a tree by pulling on its branches
        -  Ricardo Iznaolo, On Practicing
March has been a costly set back – frustrating and disappointing throughout. There were 3 key related issues which cost 
us.
Leaving aside the issue of the war, the uptrend in all the main thematics from last year broke down or corrected (banks, 
gold, defence, Korean value up, AI supply chain amongst others). Probably the most important mistake I made this 
month was trying to maintain our exposure and hedge it imperfectly (with index exposures), rather than simply sell 
down and raise cash. There were things that interfered with the interpretation of the situation. For example, I attended 
a European financials conference early in the month, at which, despite the war in Iran, most banks maintained 
confidence in being able to grow deposits and net interest income. The underlying fundamentals here do remain 
robust, but obviously the risks in the environment are elevated and the proclivity to own these stocks has changed. It 
would have been better to have ignored the conference data points in the short term. Overall, the problem in hedging 
with imperfect instruments rather than raising cash is (obviously) that if alpha generated is negative, as it has been this 
month, hedging simply allows one to generate more negative alpha. 
Another significant problem for the team is that stocks have not responded how we might have expected them to in the 
event of the outbreak of Operation Epic Fury. Two key examples of this are the behaviour of gold (and miners) and 
defence stocks. As I write now, almost all defence stocks we track are below where they were trading at the start of the 
war. We had reduced exposure to this, and other thematics compared with last year, but we decisively misunderstood 
how much geopolitical risk was already priced in. The incremental additions we made to defence exposure at the onset 
of the war have not been helpful. This contrasts decisively with sub-sectors like fossil fuel supply chains which had been 
ignored by markets, especially last year. There were other smaller examples of unexpected reactions in a ‘risk-off’ 
environment. For example, PICC group announced an increase in profit up 9% and value of new business up 35% (in-line 
with expectations) but was sold off 7% on the day (despite also still trading at 4.5x P/E). The market reaction alters how 
we view things ahead.
-16.2
-5.8
25.2
20.7
-9.3
3.8
30.0
16.6
-20
-10
0
10
20
30
40
One Month YTD 1 year Since Inception*
Ocellus Portfolio (%) iShares MSCI Emerging Market (%)
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:04 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

4
Ocellus
Lastly on the war itself, we misjudged the potential outcomes early on. We were too optimistic about the duration of 
the war and its impact on markets. We positioned ourselves similarly to liberation day, which was different, but with a 
very different outcome.  We found ourselves ‘catching up’ to the impact of news flow on supply chains like diesel, 
fertiliser, helium, and jet fuel (in fairness, this should probably have signalled to us earlier that de-grossing and moving 
to cash was more prudent than maintaining firm positions through the confusion). I didn’t put enough weight on 
historical analysis of previous U.S. wars which actually would have been of use in thinking through the outcomes of this 
one. 
Where are we now? The outcome of the war and its second order effects remain uncertain. There is, reportedly, a lot of 
negotiation going on, and there is also a lot of fighting. Leaving aside specific outcomes for the war, we do now have a 
(somewhat) better idea of what could happen at the perimeter for our markets. It is clear for example, that oil prices 
won’t return to the lows of last year; at minimum there is a bid for oil to replenish inventories and strategic reserves. 
There is therefore some energy cost headwind to factor into growth assumptions. There is still a further tail risk for 
some markets where dwindling supply is a risk. Some markets like the Philippines have already had a knock-on effect to 
food prices and there has been discussion there with the government of a reduced work week if Middle Eastern oil and 
gas shipments do not resume; we expect to see more issues as fertiliser supply has also been curtailed. Absent the tail 
risks, we think the dynamics fit into the mould, either of a ‘mid-cycle’ correction in a tightening though not yet 
recessionary environment, or a sideways trading environment. However, there is also the real risk of a severe 
slowdown, particularly in lower GDP per capita economies if oil supplies continue to be rationed. I speculate that this is 
one reason the December futures price of Brent oil remains at 75
In terms of positioning, though unwelcome, the set back has tested our ideas and forced us to reconsider everything. 
Overall, as per our first point above, given a set back like this, even where we re-underwrite our previous positioning, 
we will generally keep the gross exposure lower for the time being. Year to date regardless of stock performance, there 
have been some very strong results shown by companies in the portfolio, and there have been some ordinary or 
weaker ones. We will focus on those areas of strength. For example, at the end of the month Dah Sing Banking Group, a 
second-tier bank in Hong Kong, posted very good results: increasing net interest income and margins, a 28% increase in 
fee income, flat/falling credit impairment costs, and a 20% increase in div. Given the stock trades on 0.45x P/B whilst 
maintaining a tier 1 capital ratio in excess of 18%, we are minded to increase our exposure to this in favour of other 
ideas, such as Standard Chartered, which we still like, but where the results were ‘ordinary’ and the stock is more 
expensive.
_________________________________________________________________________________________________
The previous section was written 31st March/ 1st April. I thought it would make sense to delay writing a conclusion 
until the data for the monthly was ready. Overall, the second order effects remain uncertain, but we can now lean away 
from the tail risks and towards non-recessionary outcomes. Having suffered a large drawdown, where we have been 
able to re-underwrite risk, it is important we have been able to hold onto positions. As of today (10th) we are back to 
flat for the year. The shock to the fund is unpleasant to holders.  If there is a benefit, at least it has helped to clarify our 
positioning and strategic direction as well as offer a warning for risks we have not paid enough attention to in recent 
months. As noted above, we will remain with a lower gross exposure at least until we think our analysis and positioning 
is sharp enough again. In addition, though not to the taste of traditional long only investors, the volatility also indicates 
a market that remains full of opportunity. 
In terms of the strategic direction, the war has amplified one of our key ongoing thematics and concerns: security. 
However, it also allows us to see it as more of an overarching theme than we had previously understood. Defence, 
energy, food and critical minerals, but also savings and data processing are all areas where being left out means being 
left behind. 
In banks this allowed us to double down in certain areas (like HSBC) where we understood it was receiving substantial 
deposit inflows during the war, whilst the price of liquidity remains elevated. It is notable, for example, that whilst US 
10-year yields have subsided in the last couple of days, they are still substantially elevated from where they were at the 
beginning of the war, offering liquidity gatherers like HSBC opportunities for profit. But this has also meant that we 
have cut exposure to investment banks, like Deutsche Bank, which are not such obvious beneficiaries. 
Manager Commentary (continued)
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:04 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

5
Ocellus
In other areas like defence, we have sharpened our exposure too, cutting those exposed to European spending 
(Rheinmetall) in favour of Middle Eastern spending (Aselsan). It is notable that Aselsan, the Turkish electronics 
company, still trades at a 20% discount (on 20x P/E for 2027) to European peers like Rheinmetall, despite the fact that it 
is already plugged into Middle Eastern defence programs. These states (like the UAE) have extreme security concerns 
and significant budgets to spend, compared with European states (like Italy), which are farther from front lines and 
struggling with budget deficits. The sharpening of portfolio positioning is always ongoing, but last month provided an 
extra prompt which we will continue to act on. 
Edward Lam
We are happy to arrange calls with investors. Please contact Edward Lam, edward@sloanerobinson.com  to arrange a 
call or meeting.
Manager Commentary (continued)
1Individual equity longs 
US$ billions Weight (%)
       <1bn 0.7
       1-5bn 11.7
       5-10bn 9.0
       10-25bn 23.9
       25bn+ 29.0
       Total 74.3
Market Cap Breakdown1
Exposures: As at 31st March 2026
Country Weight (%)
All exposures illustrated in this report are internal estimates and are rounded to one decimal place at the constituent 
level and therefore may not sum to the totals disclosed. 
Equity
Long
Equity 
Short
Equity  
Index
Net 
Exposure
Gross 
Exposure
Delta Adjusted  
Net Exposure
FX overlay
Italy 4.4 4.4 4.4 4.4
Australia 4.4 4.4 4.4 4.4
Spain 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.0
Germany 6.4 6.4 6.4 6.4
South Korea 12.3 -2.7 9.6 14.9 9.6                 4.96 
Greece 3.4 3.4 3.4 3.4
Hong Kong / China / Macau 23.6 -0.7 -7.5 15.4 31.8 15.4
India -3.9 -3.9 3.9 -3.9
Ireland 2.0 2.0 2.0 2.0
Cyprus 1.5 1.5 1.5 1.5
Singapore 4.6 4.6 4.6 4.6
Thailand 2.2 2.2 2.2 2.2
Turkey 3.7 3.7 3.7 3.7
Vietnam 0.4 0.4 0.4 0.4
United States 0.1 1.0 1.1 1.1 1.1 -              5.04 
United Kingdom 8.7 8.7 8.7 8.7
Kazakhstan 1.0 1.0 1.0 1.0
Grand Total 74.3 -0.7 -6.6 67.0 96.5 67.0 -0.1
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:04 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

6
Ocellus
Net Sector
Exposures (continued):
Exposures illustrated are netted, are internal estimates and are rounded to one decimal place at the constituent level 
and therefore may not sum to the totals disclosed. 
Advanced Materials/Products
Aerospace/Defense
Aerospace/Defense - Equipment
Automotive/Truck Parts & Equipment - Original
Building - Maintenance & Service
Commercial Banks Non-U.S.
Distribution/Wholesale
Diversified Banking Inst
Diversified Operations
Electronic Components - Semiconductors
Electronics - Military
Energy - Alternate Sources
Finance - Investment Banker/Broker
Financial Guarantee Insurance
Gold Mining
Life/Health Insurance
Medical Labs & Testing Services
Metal - Diversified
Non-Ferrous Metals
Oil Companies - Exploration & Production
Property/Casualty Insurance
Real Estate Operating/Development
REITS - Diversified
Semiconductor Equipment
Satellite Telecommunications
 -  2.0  4.0  6.0  8.0  10.0  12.0  14.0  16.0  18.0  20.0
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:04 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

7
Ocellus
Exposures (continued):
Top 10 Holdings
The stocks highlighted do not represent the entire portfolio and may not be held at all in the future or may be held at 
different weightings. No assurance is given to the profitability of positions. The stocks are described to give insight into 
the strategy. No recommendation or advice to participate in investment activity is given.
Performance Attribution: As at 31st March 2026
Top 5 Stock Contributors 
Bottom 5 Stock Contributors 
Performance relates to gross attribution to NAV (in US dollar terms) for the period held during 1st to 31st March 2026 
(inclusive).
The stocks highlighted do not represent the entire portfolio and may not be held at all in the future or may be held at 
different weightings. No assurance is given to the profitability of positions. No recommendation or advice to participate 
in investment activity is given.
Investors should be aware that indications of past performance shown in this report will not necessarily be repeated.  The 
value of an investment in the Fund and the income from it may go down as well as up and this may be as a result of 
currency fluctuations.  Investors’ capital is at risk and they may not get back the amount they have invested. 
Company Weight (%) Country Sector
Jardine Matheson Holdings Ltd 4.6 Singapore Industrial Conglomerates
Hongkong Land 4.0 Hong Kong Real Estate Management & Devel
HSBC Holdings Plc 3.8 Great Britain Banks
Aselsan 3.7 Turkey Aerospace & Defense
Sun Hung Kai Properties 3.2 Hong Kong Real Estate Management & Devel
UniCredit SpA 2.9 Italy Banks
Samsung Electronics 2.7 Korea (South) Technology Hardware, Storage &
Hanwha Aerospace 2.4 Korea (South) Aerospace & Defense
PTT Exploration and Production 2.2 Thailand Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels
Piraeus Bank SA 2.1 Greece Banks
Total 31.8
Company Attribution (%) Country Sector
PTT Exploration and Production 0.11 Thailand Oil Companies - Exploration & 
YPF S.A. 0.07 Argentina Oil Companies - Integrated
Futu Holdings Ltd 0.04 China Finance - Investment Banker/Broker
Infosys Ltd 0.03 India Computer Services
West African Resources 0.03 Australia Gold Mining
Company Attribution (%) Country Sector
Hanwha Corp -0.56 Korea (South) Distribution/Wholesale
UniCredit SpA -0.71 Italy Commercial Banks Non-U.S.
Vaneck Jr Gold Miners -0.86 United States Gold Mining
Samsung Electronics-Pref -0.90 Korea (South) Electronic Components - 
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd -1.00 Korea (South) Electronic Components - 
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:04 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.

Employees and partners of Sloane Robinson LLP (“Sloane Robinson”) are seconded to Eschler Asset Management LLP (“Eschler”), the 
investment manager of the SR Global Fund Inc. and SR Global Fund L.P. (together referred to as the “Fund”).  In this capacity they are acting 
on behalf of Eschler and this update is provided on behalf of Eschler as the Alternative Investment Fund Manager (“AIFM”) of the Fund for 
the information of Fund shareholders, partners and other eligible recipients.  It is for information purposes only and does not constitute an 
offer, invitation or advice to buy any investments and should not be relied on in making any investment decision. No representation is given 
that any statements made in this update are correct or that objectives will be achieved.  Eschler is authorised and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority (FRN 510079) and has regulatory responsibility for this communication.
The distribution of this document (and the offering of Limited Partnership Interests and/or Shares in the Fund) in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. In the UK, this document is only intended for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients as defined under the 
Financial Conduct Authority’s rules (“FCA Rules”).  
(This is an advertising document.) The fund may only be offered in Switzerland to qualified investors within the meaning of Art. 10 para. 3 
and 3ter CISA. In Switzerland, the representative and the paying agent is REYL & Cie Ltd, Rue du Rhône 4, CH-1204 Geneva. The relevant 
documents of the fund as well as the annual report may be obtained free of charge from the representative. In respect of the units offered in 
Switzerland, the place of performance is the registered office of the representative. The place of jurisdiction is at the registered office of the 
representative or at the registered office or place of residence of the investor.
The units of the Fund may not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly in the United States or to or for the account or benefit of any 
“US Person” except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”) and any applicable state laws. The Fund has not been, nor will it be, registered with the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), and 
investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such registration. Eschler is registered with the SEC under the Investment Adviser’s Act of 
1940.  This document and interests in the Fund have not been approved or disapproved by the SEC, any state securities commission or other 
regulatory authority, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of this document or the matters covered 
herein. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
Please see the attached document entitled “Important Jurisdictional Regulatory Information” for further specific information that may be 
relevant to your jurisdiction. 
Any investment made must be on the basis of the Fund’s information memorandum alone and this update may only be distributed to those 
eligible to receive that information memorandum. The Fund’s information memorandum should be referred to for further information on 
the Fund and for disclosure of the risks associated with investment into the Fund.  There are significant risks associated with any investments 
and a prospective investor should consider these carefully and seek independent advice as appropriate. Investments providing exposure to 
emerging or frontier markets involve particular risk factors and special considerations. Many emerging and frontier countries’ securities 
markets are comparatively small, less liquid and can be more sensitive to economic and political conditions and exhibit more price volatility. 
Investors are shareholders and/or partners in the Fund and not clients of Eschler or Sloane Robinson.  Performance returns may not be 
reflective of individual investments in the Fund, performance of which can be obtained by contacting the Fund’s administrator.  The value of 
investments and the income from them can go down as well as up and this may be as a result of currency fluctuations. Investors may not get 
back the amount they have invested. Indications of past performance will not necessarily be repeated and returns are not guaranteed. 
All Fund information, aside from performance, relates to the relevant SR Global Fund L.P. class in which the SR Global Fund Inc. is invested. 
Unless otherwise stated, all references to indices and their data are sourced from Bloomberg and all charts and data tables are sourced from 
Sloane Robinson. 
© Sloane Robinson LLP 2021. All rights reserved. The information contained in this update is strictly confidential and is intended only for use 
of the person to whom Sloane Robinson has provided the update on behalf of Eschler.  No part of this update may be divulged to any other 
person, distributed, resold and/or reproduced without the prior written permission of Sloane Robinson.
Downloaded on 07 May 2026 at 06:04 PM UTC
by Michael Cricenti,
 <mike@magiscapitalpartners.com>
 from sorengo.fundportal.io.
