220 Halleck Street, Suite 110, San Francisco, CA 94129  415.805.8200 
 
                             
 
 
April 5, 2026 
 
 
Q1 2026 Update 
 
Performance Data Q1 YTD Annualized 
Since Inception 
Cumulative 
Since Inception 
Ogborne Partners, L.P. -13.9% -13.9% 15.5% 709% 
S&P 500 Index -4.5% -4.5% 14.9% 649% 
 
 
 
Q1 2026 Performance & Fund Update 
 
During Q1 2026 the Fund’s value decreased -13.9% net. Fund exposure as of this writing is approximately 50% 
net. Detailed performance, exposure and risk metrics can be found in our Summary Fact Sheet which is 
distributed shortly following the end of each month.  
 
 
 
 
Q1 2026 Investment Overview  
 
Much has changed since our last Investor Letter a few months ago. Volatility is rising as the market adjusts to 
much higher oil prices. If this war persists it could set up one of the best investment opportunities in our 
Fund’s history. Our Letter this quarter will detail where we believe we are in that process, where the market 
could be headed and how we see the opportunity. In the Portfolio Strategy section, we detail our strategy 
adapting to the current environment and capitalizing on potential dislocations. 
The market is now dominated by the war in Iran and the largest oil price spike in history with WTI oil rising 
approximately 100% from earlier in the year and refined oil products up even more. While the market has 
traded lower by 5% as measured by the S&P 500, overall trading has been orderly so far. The VIX Index has 
seen a few moderate spikes to the low 30s and the AAII Investor Sentiment Bull poll shows some bearishness 
with levels in the 32% range - but not extreme levels. Extreme bearishness in the AAII Survey during other 
crises have been more in the low 20% range. At this point, the market is treating the spike in oil prices as 
 
220 Halleck Street, Suite 110, San Francisco, CA 94129  415.805.8200 
temporary and while challenging for the economy, is not recessionary. This is rational at this point, as we 
discuss below.  
The overall market is supported by defensive stocks such as healthcare, precious metals and selected AI capex 
cycle names mostly in semiconductors and of course defense and oil companies. In the growth sector, the list 
of high-quality stocks that are down significantly is growing. Many trade at PE-to-growth ratios below 1. In 
some cases, far below 1. While this is interesting, the market is not yet pricing in high oil prices for an 
extended period. Stocks look cheap if you assume the war ends soon and earnings estimates do not fall 
materially. 
Our Fund was founded in 2011 and in prior years’ Investor Letters we spent time discussing the impact of high 
energy prices on the American household. As American oil production dramatically increased over the past 15 
years the risk of high oil prices faded – until now. In short, high oil prices can be devastating. A rapid spike – 
less than a year – is particularly difficult on many households because they do not have the time to manage 
their fixed obligations. This is why oil prices up 100% year-over-year is a demarcation point and a danger zone. 
While the speed of the spikes is difficult to handle, the duration is equally important. If this were to last two or 
even three months, many people have the credit capacity to get through it. However, the longer it lasts, the 
deeper people get into debt and at some point, they break. The Great Financial Crisis is the most visible 
example of this when oil traded at $148/bbl. 
While we do not expect another GFC, the overall economic picture is mixed. Unlike the GFC, America does not 
have a housing inventory problem. In fact, housing activity has been struggling for some time as the industry 
wrestles with persistently high interest rates. It is our belief that the U.S. government borrowing is pushing 
potential homeowners out of the market. Similarly, we do not see excess auto inventory either. And recent 
April 2026 job figures from the BLS were strong and are yet to show any impact from higher oil prices – but it’s 
probably too soon for that. 
Another area to watch is lower income Americans. The bottom 50% income cohort in the U.S. has struggled 
with inflation for several years. Much has been written about the “bifurcated” or “two-track” economy. Higher 
income Americans have made up an increasing proportion of overall spending for a while now. We believe 
that oil prices will not have to remain elevated for very long to impact lower income Americans. 
One area of extreme weakness and concern is private credit. Companies are struggling with debt levels and 
private creditors are getting nervous. Large firms like Blue Owl have received significant redemptions and have 
been forced to restrict withdrawals. We do not think that this is as big as housing in the GFC and does not 
have the same price discovery issues as that crisis, but it is also difficult to know exactly where the weakness is 
until the system is stressed.  
 
 
Portfolio Strategy 
 
Our Fund is not market neutral and can have volatility in times like these. However, we will vary the exposure 
to protect capital. At various times during the history of the Fund, we have reduced exposure significantly to 
limit losses. Recently, this happened during the Covid crisis and when interest rates moved rapidly higher 
following the inflation spike in 2022-23. The Fund was up approximately 100% net in 2020 and 70% net from 
 
220 Halleck Street, Suite 110, San Francisco, CA 94129  415.805.8200 
2023 to end of 2024. The Fund entered March with relatively high exposure and tilt towards consumers, which 
proved risky for a prolonged war. In terms of exposure, since we realized this war may not end quickly, we 
have reduced exposure as we monitor developments. We have not reduced exposure to zero or near, as the 
unusual characteristic of this situation is the war can end quickly and without notice which we believe would 
ignite a powerful rally. As we mentioned above, we also do not yet see oil prices high enough for long enough 
to kick off a recession – but is dynamic.  
If the war does develop in a way that drives oil prices higher for longer, we will adjust exposure lower as 
appropriate and prepare for what we believe would be a tremendous investment opportunity. Coming out of 
markets like the one we are currently in is where this Fund has shined in the past and we are preparing for the 
possibility of extreme low valuations on high quality, secular growth names that we favor. We are confident in 
our ability to find really intriguing opportunities if it goes this way. 
In terms of our current portfolio names and construction the core names have not changed much although we 
have reduced the position sizes to adjust to the risk profile that we have described. The fund still owns core 
positions in Aritzia (ATZ CN), Meta (META), Netflix (NFLX) and ON Holdings (ONON).  
Aritzia has held up well in the current environment and we think the company is the best growth opportunity 
in consumer in the US market. We have written about the company in past letters and as such, we would just 
like to highlight the strength in the numbers. Aritzia grew sales 43% in the last quarter, individual stores on 
average saw sales grow 34% (including ecommerce) year over year! New stores on average take nine months 
to recoup initial investments. These are unprecedented numbers in retail industry. In addition, international is 
a truly untapped opportunity, as the company currently only has stores in North America. Based on our model, 
Aritzia is trading at PEG less than 1. For a company with huge potential and growth momentum, we believe 
there’s tremendous room for the stock to advance in the long run. 
We think the Aritzia still has significant upside despite the stock’s strong performance over the past year. We 
believe consensus estimates, particularly for revenue growth, is too low. In the last twelve months the 
company grew 35%, however the Street has growth slowing down to 12% over the next 4 years. Aritzia is 130 
stores into a 600 store buildout in the US/Europe and China that will likely take 10 years. We think the next 4 
years will look more like Lululemon at the same stage of growth and grow in the 20% range over the next 
several years. With reasonable margin expansion that yields a stock price of $300 and almost a 30% compound 
return.  
The Fund still owns META which has been challenging like other hyperscalers who are ramping spending to 
capitalize on the AI opportunity. Meta’s core business continues to grow much more rapidly than other 
hyperscalers with high profits. We reduced our position immediately when the company disclosed plans to 
aggressively ramp spend but we did not liquidate completely because we do believe the company’s 
investments will have a positive impact on its customers’ ROI and its business. We also expect the company to 
use AI to further reduce headcount while increasing revenue per head and margins. If we gained confidence in 
cuts in the capex plan, we would likely take the position up substantially. 
Meta’s PE multiple has compressed significantly despite growing much faster than other megacaps. The 
company is currently valued at 17.5x and 15x 2026 and 2027 earnings, respectively. The company is projected 
to grow revenue 22.5% in 2026 – very fast for a company this size. We believe Meta is in the process of scaling 
back its Metaverse project and reducing both capex and headcount dedicated to this project. We think the 
company might cut as much as 20% of its headcount, which reduces expenses by as much as $6B. We also 
 
220 Halleck Street, Suite 110, San Francisco, CA 94129  415.805.8200 
think that over the next year the company will most likely signal peak AI capex and reductions. These actions 
combined with its improving business set Meta up for significant PE multiple expansion. A return to its average 
PE over the past five years of 25x yields $1200/share price in 2 years – more than double the current price.  
NFLX has been a bumpy ride since the company announced and then abandoned its pursuit of Warner 
Brothers. We thought the price got too high and were not excited about the deal at the final price. We did not 
totally liquidate our entire position because we believed the stock overreacted to uncertainties of the deal 
outcome. Upon abandonment of the deal, the company will not have any net debt moving forward. It will also 
be asset light and will not increase its exposure to Hollywood unions. We think in a world increasingly 
dominated by AI, all these factors are positive. 
Since terminating its bid, the company has been aggressive, increasing price across the board, moving forward 
with NFL negotiations, buying an AI film production tools company, increasing investment in content and 
continuing to build its ad business. We think the increase in content spending is warranted. The market has 
become concerned with flattening engagement times on the NFLX platform and we think the main reason is 
that the company has underinvested in content over the past 5 years. We think over time, more and better 
content will drive higher engagement. Finally, our calculations show that NFLX has over $20b of unmonetized 
ad inventory per year (assuming 5-6 minutes per hour). We believe that the build out of the ad tier will give 
NFLX many advantages in content in the years ahead.  
Financially, we think over the next several years several developments are likely to increase earnings per share 
above consensus estimates. We believe that modest (10-20%) content spending increases will improve user 
engagement, increase subs, create more ad inventory and drive further price increases. In addition, AI will 
likely allow NFLX to increase margins above expectations. We estimate NFLX 2030 EPS at around $8.00 per 
share which at current multiples will increase the share price well above $200/share price which is a mid-20% 
CAGR from current prices. 
Lastly, ON Holdings has been challenging. While the company has performed well-- growing fast and meeting 
or beating expectations, the stock has largely moved sideways. The company is Swiss and in this period of 
turmoil the Swiss Franc is a safety currency and has created revenue headwinds. On the positive side, the 
company is riding a fitness wave in China that is massive and we believe will last for years. While companies 
like Nike struggle in China (forecasting a 20% decline next quarter), ON is seen as an aspirational brand and 
has been growing 80%+ in China. While we don’t expect hypergrowth to continue forever, we do believe that 
the fitness wave in China will be larger and persist for longer than expected. We think there is a possibility 
over time that China is ON’s #1 market. We think ON might be the best way to capitalize on this Chinese 
growth. Having said that, the current risks from high oil prices are challenging for any business. As we 
mentioned above, in order to manage overall portfolio risk, we have reduced ON some, but we still have 
confidence in the company’s long-term prospects. 
Finally, we have a “farm team” of much smaller positions that we are monitoring. These names are already at 
low valuations – assuming a short conflict and no recession – but are not at valuations which would protect us 
from a recession. Each of these companies has exciting growth rates and we are excited by their potential. 
These position sizes are much smaller than our core positions outlined above as we evaluate increasing our 
exposure. If we increase our positions in any of these names, we will discuss them in detail in future letters.  
 
220 Halleck Street, Suite 110, San Francisco, CA 94129  415.805.8200 
Our strategy moving forward is to protect capital while not totally giving away the upside from a rapid de-
escalation. The war is binary in that sense. Unlike a recession where the economy gains downside momentum 
as demand falls, this crisis is still at a point where a ceasefire could reverse the economic effect quickly.  
In general, I would say that consumer facing growth stocks in the US are as attractive as I have seen since starting 
the Fund.  We will be prudent as we look at these opportunities, but we are also very aware of how large the 
opportunity is likely to be.  
 
Summary 
The development of the war in Middle East certainly surprised us. The front end of these surprise crises is 
always a challenge for a Fund that is not market neutral like ours. But it also sets up future opportunities in a 
way that a market neutral fund will never have. While valuations are not at levels that insulate the Fund from 
a recession, we are better positioned to move forward should high oil prices morph into a full-blown recession 
and bear market. We are mindful of this possibility and feel like we have studied the impact of energy prices 
on the economy as well as any fund manager. The Fund’s track record coming out of big selloffs has been 
really good and if that situation develops, we feel that there will be many opportunities. 
Thank you for your support. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me by email or phone. 
 
 
Best regards, 
 
Mike Ogborne, Managing Partner 
 
 
 
Net performance is shown after the deduction of applicable fund fees and expenses (including management fees, 
incentive allocations, and fund expenses). Actual investor returns will vary based on subscription/redemption timing and 
investor-specific factors.
