1
Oaktree Credit 
Quarterly
Although a lot has changed since our last quarterly, its central theme – dispersion – feels like it’s only become more 
pronounced.  We wrote last time that ‘‘we believe we’re entering a new era of dispersion in the performance of 
financial assets.’’  We picked out pockets of dislocation that aren’t clearly visible in aggregate metrics, including CCC-
rated loans trading at outsized spreads while the overall index presents a sanguine picture.  
Three months later, CCCs aren’t looking any healthier but a volley of headlines regarding potential vulnerabilities in 
the credit markets – chiefly relating to software debt – has impacted investor sentiment.  Add in resurgent inflation and 
stubbornly high interest rates, which compound the pressure on already-struggling borrowers, and we feel dispersion in 
asset performance is set to accelerate.   
The bulk of the credit universe remains in decent health, but there’s a meaningful subset of borrowers under pressure.  
What does this mean in practical terms?  In performing credit strategies, managers must avoid the losers to retain a still-
attractive contractual yield.  In more opportunistic strategies, there’s a growing potential to selectively pursue pockets of 
dislocation.  
Dispersion defined: 
Variance in asset performance within a single market, often represented by a bifurcation into winners and losers.  
In the credit markets, this is generally reflected in ‘‘haves’’ – those able to easily secure mainstream financing at 
competitive levels – and ‘‘have-nots’’ – those trading at outsized spreads and likely needing a capital solution. 
The below chart serves as a topical illustration of this dynamic.
DISPERSION REVISITED 
1Q 
2026
Insights
Figure 1: The Loan Market is Exhibiting Dramatic Bifurcation Between Higher- and Lower-Rated Credits
Source: Morningstar LSTA US Leveraged Loan Index
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
25%
30%
Jan-2022
Apr-2022
Jul-2022
Oct-2022
Jan-2023
Apr-2023
Jul-2023
Oct-2023
Jan-2024
Apr-2024
Jul-2024
Oct-2024
Jan-2025
Apr-2025
Jul-2025
Oct-2025
Jan-2026
Apr-2026
Yield
BB Loans B Loans CCC Loans
CCC-rated loans
• Currently yielding nearly 25%
• Yield increase of >1,500bps since 2022
• Limited buyer base, as perceived to 
present unacceptable risk / exist outside
conventional mandates
BB-/B-rated loans
• Currently yielding 6.3-8.3%
• Reflects moderate spread of
255-445 basis points
• Strong buyer base across CLOs and
institutional loan investors
Chasm
2
Insights
1. No respite for CCCs
There’s been no let-up for CCC-rated loans, with spreads widening by over 300 bps so far this year.1  In contrast, higher-
rated credits have shown remarkable resilience: BB-rated loan spreads have marginally tightened this year, making for a 
yield of just over 6% – about a quarter of the level of CCCs.2  In short, the rating bands are a world apart, with the sort of 
aggressive bifurcation normally seen in a recession.  So, what’s going on?    
Market participants are expressing a clear view: t
he weakest credits cannot handle elevated interest rates and will struggle 
to refinance through mainstream channels.  The fundamentals appear to validate this concern: leverage on CCC-rated 
loans has crept higher while other rating categories haven’t seen such increases.  (See Figure 2.)  
Given the risk of default and the reality of poor recovery rates, buyers expect to be compensated in the form of an outsized 
spread.  Meanwhile, higher-quality names continue to attract a broad buyer base, particularly from CLOs, thereby keeping 
spreads tight.
Mispricings:  
Central to navigating dislocation is delineating between ‘‘false bargains’’ and true mispricings.  Credits in the 
former category possess the risk that merits their elevated spread, while those in the latter may be misunderstood 
by the market, the subject of psychological aversion, or have few eligible lenders due to technical factors.  
2. Software under the microscope
Investors are concerned that AI could rapidly antiquate certain software business models.  The shift in sentiment has been 
abrupt, with a sharp reappraisal of the lofty valuation and leverage multiples that characterized the software LBOs of 
recent years.  The credit market reaction has been significant, with software and IT services together making up over 40% 
of overall distress in the senior loan market.
3  (See Figure 3.)  In fact, at our 2026 client conference, Bob O’Leary,  
Co-CEO of Oaktree, described software’s troubles as ‘‘the swiftest fall from grace of any sector that I have ever seen.’’  
Against this backdrop, it is reasonable to expect that managers’ ability to prudently navigate this sector will be a 
determinant of relative performance.  This includes both portfolio weighting to the sector and the selection of individual 
names within it.  While the risks are well broadcast, it’s worth noting that the software sector is currently entirely unloved 
– meaning certain robust names may be ‘‘thrown out with the bath water’’ and trading at unreasonably depressed levels.
Figure 2: The Weakest Credits Have Seen the Biggest Leverage Increase
Source: Barclays
Adjusted Net Leverage (x)
BB & Above B+ B B- CCC & Below
9
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1Q21
2Q21
3Q21
4Q21
1Q22
2Q22
3Q22
4Q22
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
1Q25
2Q25 
3
3. Direct lending headlines
Direct lending has been the story of the quarter.  The fastest-growing area of private credit appears to be experiencing
growing pains.  So, what are the major concerns?
• PIK (payment-in-kind) reliance: represents around 10% of total interest for public BDCs, and around 4%for
perpetual BDCs, but with dramatic variation among managers.4  While these levels appear stable, it’s
reasonable to acknowledge PIK isn’t a long-term solution for a weak borrower. PIK loans are currently
marked at 91 cents on the dollar, indicating all isn’t well for this subset of loans.5
• Evergreen funds liquidity mismatch: perpetual BDCs have mostly experienced a one-way street of inflows
until this quarter, when most received redemptions above the standard 5% threshold, leading to many BDCs
limiting redemptions.  This is the structure working as designed – to avoid forced sales – but it undoubtedly
impacts investor sentiment.
• Software exposure: software has been a favored sector of the private equity industry , with over $400 billion
of deal activity in 2021 and 2022 alone.6  Much of this activity has been funded by private lenders, with
software now making up over 20% of the direct lending market.7  For the reasons described in the previous
section, investors are now concerned about this level of concentration.
What’s the upshot of this?  Firstly, it’s a good reminder of the importance of increased selectivity in direct lending.  
Secondly, pockets of weakness may create potential access points for opportunistic investors, including through rescue 
financings for struggling individual borrowers, as well as more esoteric opportunities, such as portfolio sales.
Unprecedented scale: 
The sub-IG credit universe now stands at around $6 trillion, split roughly equally between senior loans, private 
credit, and high yield bonds.  This means even a relatively low distress rate can mean a large absolute volume of 
dislocation.
4. Returning inflation?
Central banks have been attempting to tame inflation for several years now, with its stubbornness reflected in the federal 
funds rate still standing at 3.50-3.75%.
8  Resurgent inflation, fueled by rising energy costs, won’t help matters.  The bond 
markets are making their thoughts clear: UK gilt yields recently reached a level not seen since the GFC, with the 10-year 
touching 5%; German bunds – which had a negative yield for much of 2019-2021 – are hovering around 3%; while the 
Figure 3: Tech-Adjacent Sectors Make up a Disproportionate Amount of Loan Distress
Source: Deutsche Bank
36.3%
7.0% 5.7% 4.9% 4.7% 3.8% 3.7% 3.0% 2.8% 2.6%
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
25%
30%
35%
40%
Software
IT Services
Health Care
Providers &
Services
Building Products
Automobile
Components
Commercial
Services &
Supplies
Machinery
Professional
Services
Chemicals
Media
% share of index % share of distressed loans
4
U.S. 10-year Treasury rose over 40 basis points between Feb 27 and April 30.9  
It would be a foolish endeavor to predict the long-term paths of oil prices or interest rates given the unpredictability of 
macroeconomics, but it’s clear a surge in energy costs has an immediate impact on corporates and consumers.  It presents 
a particular headwind to an already-pressured lower-income consumer, for whom gasoline makes up 8% of total card 
spending, while the impact on corporates will be determined by their ability to pass through price increases.
10   
5. Restructuring outcomes
Recovery rates in the leveraged finance universe remain low overall and uneven across lenders.
The recovery rate on fi
rst-lien loans currently stands at around 40%, with high yield bonds closer to 35%, both 
significantly below their long-term averages.11  This is a function of unitranche structures, weak covenants and limited 
equity cushions, as well as the value erosion from repeat liability management actions.  In fact, repeat default actions 
comprised a record 41% of default activity last year.12
Much of the unevenness in experience results from liability managements exercises (LMEs), a topic we addressed in 
depth in a prior quarterly and podcast.  As we wrote: 
Although historically, with certain exceptions, lenders holding the same debt instrument were generally treated on 
a pro rata basis, LMEs can disrupt this outcome, creating a significant disparity in recoveries across otherwise 
similarly situated lenders. 
We continue to believe securing superior outcomes in an LME is a function of scale, with the size of holdings (along with 
strong industry relationships) generally determining a spot in the ‘‘in-group’’ during an LME. 
Navigating a new era of dispersion
On April 30, 2021 – exactly five years ago at the time of writing – leveraged loans yielded 4.8%.13  Today that figure is 
8.6%.14  This is a boon for income-seeking investors but not for borrowers, who’ve seen their coupon payments jump 70%.15
That means the yields aren’t a freebie.  Some borrowers will have a tougher time than during the low-rate era of 2009-
2021.  This creates opportunities for credit managers to demonstrate skill by avoiding the losers.  It also creates the 
pockets of dislocation pursued by intrepid investors, who can see through volatility to provide complex capital solutions 
when they’re needed most.
Figure 4: CPI Surged in March
Source: BLS
2.4% 2.3% 2.4%
2.7% 2.7%
2.9% 3.0%
2.7% 2.7%
2.4% 2.4%
3.3%
2.0%
2.2%
2.4%
2.6%
2.8%
3.0%
3.2%
3.4%
Mar-2025
Apr-2025
May-2025
Jun-2025
Jul-2025
Aug-2025
Sep-2025
Oct-2025
Nov-2025
Dec-2025
Jan-2026
Feb-2026
Mar-2026
5
About the Authors
Oaktree’s Credit Platform
Bob O’Leary 
Co-Chief Executive Officer and Portfolio Manager
Mr. O’Leary serves as co-Chief Executive Officer , primarily focused on overseeing the organization 
and performance of Oaktree’s investment teams. He is also portfolio manager for the firm’s Global 
Opportunities strategy, leading the group’s investment activities in North America.  In this capacity, he 
contributes to the analysis, portfolio construction and management of both the Global Opportunities and 
Value Opportunities strategies.  Prior to joining Oaktree in 2002, he worked at McKinsey & Company, 
where he was a consultant, and Orion Partners, a private equity firm, where he focused on investments in 
private companies.  Mr. O’Leary graduated magna cum laude from Pomona College with a B.A. degree 
in economics, and he received his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
Armen Panossian
Co-Chief Executive Officer and Head of Performing Credit
Mr. Panossian serves as co-Chief Executive Officer , primarily focused on overseeing the organization 
and performance of Oaktree’s investment teams.  He is also Head of Performing Credit, where his 
responsibilities include oversight of the firm’s liquid and private credit strategies and as a portfolio 
manager within the Global Private Debt and Global Credit strategies.  Mr. Panossian joined Oaktree’s 
Global Opportunities group in 2007.  In January 2014, he joined the U.S. Senior Loans team to assume 
co-portfolio management responsibilities and lead the development of Oaktree’s CLO business.  He 
became head of all performing credit in 2019.  Mr. Panossian joined Oaktree from Pequot Capital 
Management, where he worked on their distressed debt strategy.  Mr. Panossian holds a B.A. degree 
in economics with honors and distinction from Stanford University, where he was elected to Phi Beta 
Kappa; an M.S. degree in health services research from Stanford Medical School; a J.D. degree from 
Harvard Law School; and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.  Mr. Panossian serves on the 
Advisory Board of the Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research.  He is a member of the State 
Bar of California.
Oaktree Capital Management is a leading global alternative investment management firm with expertise in credit 
strategies.  Our credit platform has $161 billion in AUM and encompasses a broad array of strategy groups that invest in 
public and private credit instruments across the liquidity spectrum.  All Oaktree investment activities operate according to 
a unifying philosophy that emphasizes key principles including the primacy of risk-control and benefits of specialization.
Insights

6
Endnotes
1. Morningstar LSTA US Leveraged Loan Index, May 1, 2026.  
2. Morningstar LSTA US Leveraged Loan Index, May 1, 2026.  
3. Deutsche Bank, Global Default Monitor, March 3, 2026.  
4. Oaktree analysis.  
5. Goldman Sachs, Private Credit Monitor (April 13, 2026), based on average mark of PIK loans within the Cliffwater 
Direct Lending Index as of 4Q2025.
6. PitchBook, Analysis: PE exposure to Software booms amid sector reckoning, February 20, 2026.
7. Morgan Stanley, Mapping Software Exposure in Leveraged Credit, February 9, 2026.  BDC software exposure 
estimated at 26% and used as rough proxy for direct lending industry.  
8. Federal Reserve, April 30, 2026. 
9. Trading Economics, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis.  U.S. 10-year Treasury yield of 3.97% on Feb 27 to 4.40% on 
April 30. 
10. BofA, Consumer Checkpoint, April 10, 2026.  
11. J.P. Morgan, Default Monitor, April 1, 2026 (LTM recovery rate of 35.7% for HY bonds and 40.1% for first lien 
loans). 
12. J.P. Morgan, Default Monitor, April 1, 2026 (25/61 default actions in 2025 had already experienced a default action).
13. UBS LevLoan Index, April 30, 2026.
14. UBS LevLoan Index, April 30, 2026.
15. UBS LevLoan Index, April 30, 2026.
7
Notes and Disclaimers
This document and the information contained herein are for educational and informational purposes only and do not constitute, and should not be construed as, an 
offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy , any securities or related financial instruments. Responses to any inquiry that may involve the rendering of personalized 
investment advice or effecting or attempting to effect transactions in securities will not be made absent compliance with applicable laws or regulations (including broker 
dealer, investment adviser or applicable agent or representative registration requirements), or applicable exemptions or exclusions therefrom.
This document, including the information contained herein may not be copied, reproduced, republished, posted, transmitted, distributed, disseminated or disclosed, 
in whole or in part, to any other person in any way without the prior written consent of Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. (together with its affiliates, “Oaktree”). By 
accepting this document, you agree that you will comply with these restrictions and acknowledge that your compliance is a material inducement to Oaktree providing 
this document to you.
This document contains information and views as of the date indicated and such information and views are subject to change without notice. Oaktree has no duty or 
obligation to update the information contained herein. Further, Oaktree makes no representation, and it should not be assumed, that past investment performance is an 
indication of future results. Moreover, wherever there is the potential for profit there is also the possibility of loss.
Certain information contained herein concerning economic trends and performance is based on or derived from information provided by independent third-party 
sources. Oaktree believes that such information is accurate and that the sources from which it has been obtained are reliable; however, it cannot guarantee the accuracy 
of such information and has not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of such information or the assumptions on which such information is based. 
Moreover, independent third-party sources cited in these materials are not making any representations or warranties regarding any information attributed to them and 
shall have no liability in connection with the use of such information in these materials.
© 2026 Oaktree Capital Management, L.P
