For the first quarter of 2026, the Old Farm Partners Master Fund LP (the “Fund”) grew by 1.6% net while 
global risk assets sold off. The S&P 500 Total Return Index returned -4.3% for the quarter and the MSCI 
World Index returned -3.6%. In particular, the largest US technology stocks were a strong source of global 
index underperformance.  Late last year, some investors had shifted to more non-US geographies, which 
looked good until March when the MSCI Emerging Market Index was down 13% on the month (-0.2% for the 
quarter) and the MSCI EAFE Index ended the quarter down 1.3% after a -10% March. Bonds, as measured by 
the Bloomberg US Aggregate Index, were down 1.1% for the quarter after a rough March (-3.1%). 
Credit worries have returned to the market as private credit tremors have modestly spilled into the liquid 
markets. For the first quarter, the Bloomberg US High Yield Index was -0.5% and Morningstar LSTA US 
Leveraged Loan Index was -0.6%. Hedge funds, as measured by the HFRI Fund Weighted Composite Index, 
had a generally tough March (-2.8%), but still ended the quarter up 0.9%. The 60/40 portfolio, as measured 
by the iShares Core 60/40 Balanced Allocation ETF (AOR), was down 1% for the quarter, as expected when 
both bonds and equities were negative. 
Country and index performance were most impacted by the ongoing events in Iran. From a geographic 
standpoint, the more dependent a country was on external energy imports the more it declined. And at a 
sector level, while the military action along with secondary forces like credit worries played a role in the 
quarter, no sector was safe except for the energy sector. Energy had an extraordinary quarter with the S&P 
500 Energy Index +38.3% during the period, its largest outperformance versus the broader S&P 500 Index 
ever. 
Below is the breakdown of portfolio exposures by strategy. The Fund’s net exposure was 56%. The Fund’s 
largest allocation remains our global macro manager, and we have modest exposure to currencies, com -
modities and fixed income through that fund. As of this writing, Old Farm Partners Master Fund LP is in -
vested in 12 core hedge funds and 12 co-investments. The Firm manages approximately $702 million.
April 1st Strategy % Exposures 
1
Q1 2026 | QUARTERLY LETTER
OLD FARM PARTNERS
Funds 
Going into 2026, the Fund was allocated roughly equally across four buckets: Co-investments, Equity L/S, 
Event/Opportunistic, and Other (Macro & Credit). The biggest change we made in 2026 was increasing 
Event/Opportunistic exposure at the expense of Equity L/S exposure. In 2025, our Event book perfor -
mance was very strong, and, in Q1 2026, this trend continued. 
Flat Footed was the top contributor within Event Driven. Part of their outperformance was driven by de-
fensive posturing due to fears around credit issues, AI’s impact on labor and the economy, and the war. 
They took off a lot of exposure and purchased inexpensive downside credit protection. In terms of themes, 
Flat Footed has exposure to idiosyncratic ideas in Senior Housing, Healthcare, and Energy Infrastructure. 
Also, during the quarter, our London-based shipping strategy also had a very strong quarter, up about 
20%.  It is all the more impressive that they actively managed their exposure in March as there are few sec-
tors in the world more exposed to the Iran war than shipping. The fund’s exposure in the tanker sector was 
the standout performer early in the quarter as spot freight rates rose to all-time highs. In March, they gave 
back some gains but reduced risk early in the month, which proved to be the right call. We added to our 
position on April 1, as they continue to see tremendous opportunities in this sector for the rest of the year. 
PlusTick, our Virginia-based event manager, had an outstanding quarter driven by telecom and data cen-
ter infrastructure ideas. They ran roughly 80% net long during the quarter and returned +3.4%.  Stock 
selection and slugging have been excellent.  One regret they have though is covering their private credit 
related short exposure early.  Mara River’s first quarter in our book was also a positive one with notable 
contributions from some defensive names and hedges. Names not levered to AI or the war outperformed, 
including trade schools. They monetized some profits in these winners as well as profits in all European 
Defense names, which had done well in late 2025 and early 2026. We recently met with the Mara River 
team in New York and were particularly impressed by their robust opportunity set and new ideas amidst 
Net Performance by Sector
SECTOR Q1 % OF FUND Q1 ATTRIBUTION YTD ATTRIBUTION
Co-Investments 29.7% 2.9% 2.9%
Event/Opportunistic 26.4% 1.2% 1.2%
Global Macro 10.3% -0.5% -0.5%
Generalist Equity 9.1% -0.3% -0.3%
TMT Equity 8.2% -1.7% -1.7%
Healthcare Equity 6.7% 0.1% 0.1%
Credit L/S 5.5% 0.2% 0.2%
Energy L/S 4.5% -0.3% -0.3%
PERFORMANCE & PORTFOLIO REVIEW
The Fund had a solid quarter of absolute returns driven by idiosyncratic co-investments and returns from 
some of our fund allocations. January and February were very good hedge fund months with lots of op -
portunities and modest volatility across markets. However, March proved challenging as global assets sold 
off hard across the board, and the macro picture shifted. We had wide and divergent performance over the 
quarter ranging from more than +60% from a single co-investment to about -20% from our TMT manager. 
While performance was mixed, our headline positive quarter was driven by our co-investment book. We 
are pleased to have done well given what the market gave us, especially considering the co-investment 
book is currently about 80% net long. 
2
accelerating capital markets activity. They have also added more single name alpha shorts in some BDCs 
and asset managers to express their view that the private credit worries are going to get worse before 
they get better (unlike PlusTick, they did not cover these early). We added to our position in Mara River 
on April 1. 
On the other side of the ledger was our TMT manager. After a strong 2025 (and us trimming some gains on 
the way up), they got over their skis with too much gross exposure and gave back half of last year’s gains 
in Q1 2026. They came into 2026 very bullish on the opportunity set, and their elevated gross exposure 
reflected that. The fund was not immune to the broader pain in the Nasdaq during Q1, and a few of their 
names in software/gaming and semi cap equipment tanked. We are talking to the team to understand the 
game plan going forward. While gross is still elevated, they have consolidated into high-conviction names. 
Underpinning many positions, the house view is that the AI capex cycle is firmly intact, so they are long the 
winners and short the losers in this theme. 
Co-investments 
Co-investments contributed positively in Q1. While overall performance across line items was mixed, the 
standout performer for the quarter was our Optical Networking co-investment. This multi-name portfolio 
had an incredible start to the year as the investing world figured out that optical is as integral to the AI 
buildout as power and compute. At the OFC conference (an optical fiber and communications conference) 
that took place in March, the main takeaway was that optical networking growth for the next 3-5 years 
will be meaningfully higher than even the most optimistic prior expectations. This is a step-change for the 
industry as it has become more widely appreciated that networking is one of the main bottlenecks to com-
pute growth. Both legacy and emerging telecom companies that can provide innovative solutions should 
be huge winners in the years to come. Names like Ciena (CIEN) have come out as early winners and have 
taken off while the broader Nasdaq has faltered more recently. Ciena and others have been underappreci-
ated by the market until recently, and a core insight we have picked up on is how few investors are active 
in the telecom equipment space. Many TMT investors do not even follow these telecom companies and 
focus more on technology and media alone. We have the unique ability to cross-check themes like optical 
across our various specialists. These optical stocks have re-rated substantially over the last 12 months, but 
we think this trade is not over. We won’t hesitate to rotate into other things if this thesis changes, but for 
now, we view this as our best near-term opportunity and are thankful for having Catamount of Nashville, 
TN bring this idea to our fund 24 months ago. 
Our power infrastructure and energy ideas were volatile but also positive on the quarter. European Energy 
Infrastructure, another high conviction theme, had a strong start to 2026 but drew down in March with 
other risk assets. While energy in the US was strong, it was a more complicated story in Europe. Most of the 
names in this account are actually tagged as industrials, which were particularly weak as inflation concerns 
and energy input costs weighed on these companies. Yet, this strategy was still positive after a strong early 
lead, and we think the outlook remains excellent (perhaps even better than prior to the war). Uranium was 
also positive on the quarter but with meaningful swings up and down. At this point in the cycle, we still 
believe in both the supply and demand sides of the uranium thesis. Yet, it is one of our more economically 
sensitive ideas, and if the odds of a recession become higher, this is vulnerable near-term. This strategy is 
focused more on the developed miners rather than the exploration, which have yet to re-rate as meaning-
fully, so we expect it to continue to perform well here.
We elected to exit our position in California Carbon Allowances (CCAs) during the quarter. There are many 
long-term reasons to be bullish CCAs, but recent catalysts have given us pause instead of conviction. One 
major catalyst that was core to our thesis was the release of a regulatory package that would re-calibrate 
the program and tighten allowance supply. We anticipated that the regulatory package would be viewed 
favorably and support prices in the near term. In actuality, the reforms were back end loaded into 2028, 
3
which was perceived negatively by market participants and much later than we initially expected. Further, 
we started to see some political blowback around affordability in the state, especially from California’s high 
gasoline (the highest in all fifty states) and high electricity prices (the third highest in all fifty states). Given 
these challenges and better near-term opportunities elsewhere, we decided to exit CCAs. 
Our separately managed account (SMA) strategies had mixed performance, but there are a few things 
worth highlighting. While flat on the quarter, our account with Highland Peak was meaningfully reposi -
tioned. The strategy, which focuses on small caps and industrials, had generally been positioned for a real 
GDP boom in the US. Since the war changed this outlook, Highland Peak moved their exposure around. 
They recently added a chemical stock that will benefit from feed stocks not coming out of the Middle East. 
The second idea is an overlooked tech name that will benefit from the AI capex cycle that looks stronger 
and more durable and relatively “war proof”. Our SMA with PlusTick similarly had a good amount of repo-
sitioning but really benefited from their position in Echostar (SATS), which traded up on news around the 
impending SpaceX IPO. Echostar sold spectrum to SpaceX, and owns about 2% of Space X. We highlight 
these moves because the SMA strategies are highly liquid and can meaningfully change exposures more 
quickly than some typical LP investments.
Hedge funds are back and active management is the main event. As we noted at the start of this letter, 
most indices finished Q1 in the red amidst a geopolitically volatile period. Against that backdrop, we are 
pleased that Q1 of 2026 marks the third quarter in a row that our Fund has outperformed the S&P 500 
Total Return Index. While the Fund does not track the S&P 500 too closely, the index is pretty indicative of 
what is going on in developed equity markets.
Our sole global macro allocation, Crake, wrote about this, or more specifically US tech dominance, in their 
latest letter. While the quote below was in the context of how the war in Iran could cause a major problem 
to otherwise quite bullish US markets, we thought Crake’s macro assessment made a great point. Crake 
wrote: 
“....in the free world (i.e. ex-China), the US has invested in AI at scale, and it is now uncatchable.  
The likely consequences of this AI gap, when also combined with the US’s relatively unfettered 
capital system (also unmatched in the free world), were starkly foreshadowed by Q4 2025 corpo-
rate earnings.........in Q4 2025, the year-on-year EPS of US companies rose by 14% and their reve-
nues rose by 9%, while in the rest of the free world, when excluding those companies that are part 
of the US tech supply chain, earnings and revenues were essentially flat-to-down. Yes, you did not 
misread that. This means we hold to both our absolute and relative bullishness on the US, whose 
economic exceptionalism is only in its foothills, rather than past its peak as so many perennial (and 
persistently wrong) bears on the US would have you believe.”
Like Crake, while the world is focused near term on oil and war, we see that there are a tremendous number 
of themes and ideas to invest in around the AI capex cycle. This technology shift and concomitant capex 
spend is not just about “tech” but spans so many different sectors including energy, industrials, materials, 
and telecom. With sector and industry specialists having their moment in the sun, hedge funds are well 
suited to the conditions that exist today. And, if we may be so bold, we think a multi-manager strategy has 
a big advantage at this point in the cycle as we can get a read across our lineup of specialists to uncover 
the best opportunities. For investors like Old Farm, we don’t have to make a call on what the world is like 
5 or 10 years out. We are investing each day based on the point in the cycle and finding the funds with the 
insights and risk framework to invest in it.  It’s an exciting time to do this. 
OUTLOOK
4
DISCLAIMER
This letter is not an invitation to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase shares or interests in The Old Farm Partners Fund(s) or any affiliated entity (collectively the “Fund”). 
Any offer of solicitation will be made to qualified investors only by means of a final offering memorandum and only in those jurisdictions where permitted by law. This letter does 
not include all information necessary for a decision to invest in the Fund including, but not limited to the risks of such an investment. An investment in the Fund is speculative and 
involves a high degree of risk. Opportunities for withdrawals and transferability of interests are restricted, so investors may not have access to capital when it is needed. There is 
no secondary market for interests in the fund and none is expected to develop. An investor should not make an investment unless it is prepared to lose a substantial portion of 
its investment. The fund performance shown in the first paragraph is on a net basis (after fees and expenses) and representative of an onshore investor who invested at inception 
(June 2016) and made no additional contributions and made no withdrawals. The attribution table is net of Old Farm fees and expenses; this differs from prior newsletters due to 
the new SEC Marketing Rule.  Numbers may not foot due to rounding. OFP rounds to the nearest tenth. Fees are 50bps annual management fee and a 5% incentive fee when the 
Fund is above its high water. Performance may vary for investors due primarily to the timing of its investment in the Fund, series of interests invested in, new issue eligibility, and 
tax withholding status. MSCI World is the MSCI World Index; The HFRI Fund of Funds is the HFRI Fund of Funds Index; Barclays US Aggregate is the Barclays US Aggregate Bond 
Index; These indices are provided for reference purposes and as examples of general equity, bond, and hedge fund performance.  Currently the Fund is only offering Founders Class 
Interests. Additional classes of interests, the terms of which may differ from those of Founders Class interests, may be offered in the future. These materials discuss general market 
activity, industry, or sector trends, or other broad-based economic, market or political conditions and should not be construed as research or investment advice.  Past performance 
is no guarantee of future result.
We are aggressively reading, travelling, and talking to great minds. On a recent marketing trip, we heard 
from big to small investors that they are allocating more to hedge funds and more active strategies. Our 
plates are full of new fund ideas, new co-investments, and idiosyncratic strategies that can generate good 
returns. It feels like this is a period where working hard will really pay off. We like our book and pipeline a 
lot and will continue to deploy to the highest ROI situations we uncover. We re-invested the majority of our 
after-tax carry we earned last year back into the Fund. Thank you for your partnership and support, and 
please reach out anytime.  
Sincerely,
Old Farm Partners
747 THIRD AVENUE | 26TH FLOOR | NEW YORK, NY | 10017 | INFO@OLDFARMPARTNERS.COM
5
