E-Mail: nwu@opensquarecapital.com | Web: www.opensquarecapital.com 
April 15, 2026 
Dear Limited Partners, 
It’s coming.  A commodity void.  A physical mismatch between sharply curtailed supplies and incessant   
demand.  It’s what happens when you choke off energy circulation for six weeks, and create an imbalance 
the size of COVID.  It’s what follows after a vacuum of common sense precedes a decision to start a war 
in the Middle East without careful considering the strategic consequences.  It’s a self-own that will cost 
more lives, and an entirely preventable debacle.  Convinced by his underlings that the world is flushed 
with oil, and coming off of the success of Operation Midnight Hammer in June, and Venezuela’s regime 
change in January, we’ve little doubt that a toxic cocktail of overconfidence, hubris, and bad judgment led 
to the US decision to strike Iran.  Faced with an existential crisis, and a decimated leadership, 
infrastructure, and economy, the remaining members of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corp (“IRGC”) 
have coalesced around a MAD strategy of mutually assured destruction.  If we go down . . . the world 
goes down.  
Closing the Strait of Hormuz (“SoH”) was always the non-nuclear “nuclear” option, devastating, but 
remote.  Though it’s always been considered a potential Iranian response, actually implementing the plan 
is a testament to the IRGC’s dire view of the situation.  Iran has also raised down ballistic missiles and 
drones on the energy, military, industrial and economic infrastructure in the region, and torn asunder 
regional alliances and mutual understandings.  They are playing for keeps, and nothing is off limits.  
They’ll rewrite a “new normal” once the weapons are finally stowed and if they survive.  Each day that 
passes means the scarring from the conflict will become more noticeable and permanent.   
If the US’ post-World War II role was that of a benevolent hegemon who safeguards international trade 
flows (in exchange for the rise of the petrodollar) that myth may well be shattered.  We are firmly 
navigating the world of “I broke it, you fix it,” doctrine of foreign policy.  Fair enough.  If this is the way, 
then the world quickly balkanizes.  I’ll get mine to protect mine.  Protect my prosperity, economy, people, 
and freedoms.  Each country begins to recast energy in a different light, and when countries hoard for 
their own benefit, everyone’s premium rises.  We’ve all forgotten that energy is a commodity made by 
producers who often earn meager returns.  Destroy the infrastructure, disrupt trade flows, or simply 
threaten the security of supplies, prices will rise to account for the higher friction imposed on the system.  
A global tax to replace the damaged refineries and facilities we so frivolously destroyed. It’s to cover 
costs needed to maintain higher inventory buffers to mitigate future outages, and further secure shipping 
lanes from potential danger.  Someone has to pay for all the damages wrought and the added 
inefficiencies we’ve imposed in this post-New World.  Unfortunately, that someone is us. 
As the days pass, the damage will reveal itself.  How much will be determined by when this war ends, and 
when vessels can resume transiting the SoH unhindered.  The parties can exchange their maximal 
demands, but finding common ground here really means choosing among a menu of bad options.  While 
the market and economy have shrugged off the impacts of the military campaign, we think the 
repercussions will eventually be felt.  The market will reprice appropriately once we take stock of the 
harm we’ve self-inflicted, and continue to inflict.  The fact that they’ve yet to means nothing.  The 
vacuum’s formed, and it’s on its way.   
Since we’ve already FAFO’d . . . we’ll soon find out. 
Our Quarter 
The fund returned 47.7% for the quarter vs. the S&P 500 loss of 4.3%.   
  
Why?  Oil.  As we write this letter, there’s significant volatility.  Half of our gains we generated were 
before March (i.e., before the onset of the Iran / US war), and the other half after.  Said another way, we 
see the “steady state” as pre-March, and the “new normal” as post-March.  Whichever way the actual war/
negotiations play out, we think the oil market will be fundamentally altered coming out of it.  The 
scenarios we were looking at possibly in 2027 are now accelerated, diminished OPEC+ spare capacity, 
lower inventory levels, low/no growth in US shale, and continued global demand growth.  This is a reset.    
Oil Demand & Oil Supplies 
Coming into the year, the market held the view that a glut of supplies stemming from higher OPEC+ 
production would slam prices.  Sure enough, Q1 inventories climbed, and by the end of February overall 
inventories were higher.  The anticipated glut though turned out to be smaller than expected, but there was 
high confidence that large builds were incoming, and that by year-end oil would fall and stay in the low 
$50s.  We have no doubt that was the bearish forecast used to consider whether or not to strike Iran.  All 
of that analysis became meaningless when the US attacked Iran on February 28th and the Iranians 
subsequently shut the SoH.  Whereas COVID created a nearly instantaneous decline in demand relative to 
supplies, this was the opposite.  A supply disruption so large and abrupt that it matched and then eclipsed 
the pandemic.  If COVID was the prelude, this was the encore.      
For this outage, you’ll need to know three things:   
First, unlike COVID, which was an immediate demand shock, the US/Iran War is a evolving supply 
shock.  Think of global oil flow as petroleum traveling through a garden hose.  If you shut off oil, the oil 
doesn’t immediately stop.  Like the garden hose, water will keep flowing for a bit as the hose empties.  
Same thing for oil.  Oil/products coming from the Middle East takes about 2 weeks to reach Asia so the 
last barrels reached Asia on April 1.  Shipping times to Europe are longer, so European deliveries stopped 
around April 10.  By the time this letter reaches you, the last of the oil tankers will have reached the US. 
There are no more, and won’t be for awhile.  Similarly when we turn back on the oil, there will be a delay, 
so expect a lag effect as the hose refills with water, before oil is finally delivered. 
Second, the amount of supplies being disrupted is enormous. The SoH blockage represents a kink in the 
energy hose to the tune of 14M bpd.  How large is that relatively?  Well at COVID’s peak, the mismatch 
between the sudden demand collapse vs. supplies was ~12M bpd, a delta smaller than today, but high 
enough to send oil pries to negative for the first time in history.  Here’s the breakdown. 
Date
Open Square Fund I 
Performance YTD
S&P 500 
Performance YTD (SPY)
Outperformance / 
(Underperformance)
January 1 – March 31 47.7% (4.3%) 52.0%
2
On a typical day and before the war, about 135 ships traverse the narrow passageway.  Not all of the ships 
were tankers, but enough where ~20M bpd of oil/products flowed.  Since the closure, Saudi Arabia and 
the UAE have been able to reroute ~2M bpd using pipelines to ports outside of the Persian Gulf, but a 14 
bpd gap remains.  To help offset the supply disruption, OECD and Non-OECD countries have agreed to 
release inventory from their Strategic Petroleum Reserves (“SPR”), but the SPRs have a volume capacity 
of 2-3M bpd, which means a gap of 11M bpd remains.  A deficit of that size is frankly unsolvable.  For 
context, when oil prices vaulted to over $150/barrel in 2022 because Russia invaded Ukraine, the market 
was concerned that total supplies would decline by 2M bpd.  We are over 5x that figure.    
Third, what really matters here isn’t quite the hose.  Further up the line, behind the hose are the producers 
and their spigots (i.e., the oil fields).  After the war began and the SoH closed, fewer ships have transited 
the SoH, and without takeaway capacity, producers stored the excess crude on land.  Once their storage 
tanks filled, they were then forced to shut-in production.  These are the real barrels lost as they were never 
produced, and it’s been about 6 weeks and counting.  How much?  ~11M bpd.  The shut-ins are the most 
concerning, and when producers restart, ramping back to 11M bpd will prove challenging.  
Repressurizing the field and removing excess water will take time.  There could also be some sub-surface 
damage resulting from the shut-ins.  We think there almost certainly will be some lost production, but the 
quantum of damage is still TBD.  For conservatism, we’re assuming zero lost production in our 
calculations, but reality may be different.   
 Moving the Hose? 
As the energy shortage has dragged on, refiners have contracted with ship owners to reposition the 
tankers (i.e., they’ve moved the boats).  Given sailing times to Asia are the shortest, it was the first region 
to experience inventory declines.  First oil-on-water fell, and then landed Asian crude.   
3

Given the dearth of supplies, Asia has begun reaching out West, booking and sending VLCCs to the US in 
search of available crude/product.  Rory Johnston’s picture below illustrates this rerouting.   
See the bee line of tankers to the US?  Normally, there’s about 60 of them per month, V ortexa’s mapping 
about >2x that, which means US exports of crude are set to vault, and US inventories will drain.   
 The Reopening 
As if that wasn’t concerning enough, there are about 150M barrels of crude and products on 170 tankers 
stranded in the Persian Gulf (“PG”).  These tankers will need to exit, unload, and then travel back when 
the SoH reopens.  Sailing to Japan takes ~15 days one way, so call it 1.5 months for a roundtrip.  There 
are also ships anchored in Singapore (those not already diverted to the West) that will need to head to the 
PG.  After loading and unloading cargo, we’ll burn another month of two in time to get back.  The 
logistical bottleneck will be severe, and during this ramp-up time, production will only gradually return.  
Producers can’t ramp-up production unless their storage tanks are sufficiently empty and takeaway 
capacity is assured.  By most estimates, even if the SoH reopens immediately, we’ll lose another 
200-300M barrels of production during this restart period.     
 
So let’s recap.  In March, we’ve likely lost ~200-250M barrels of production.  For April, if we assume a 
conservative base case that the SoH reopens before the ceasefire ends (April 21), we’ll have lost another 
300M barrels.  Lastly the ramp-up will take a few months, resulting in another 200M barrels of 
production loss.  Sum it all up and we’re near 700-800M barrels lost.  If you doubt those figures, here’s 
IEA’s latest report (Oil Market Report, April 2026).  The notoriously conservative agency is higher. 
So assuming everything reopens on April 21st, what happens to oil prices?  Well let’s run a simple 
calculation.  OECD barrels account for about 1/3rd of global oil.  Let’s get conservative, despite that 1/3rd 
4

figure, let’s assume just 20% of the lost 700M barrels impact OECD inventories (call it ~150M barrels 
drained from OECD inventories), this is what the “fair value” of oil prices look like today.    
Yeah . . . $100/barrel oil. 
Where it goes from there, and the direction of the two will be based on perception and the forecasts of 
supply vs. demand post-war.  We think production will lag coming out of this as producers take time to 
restart production and repair damaged infrastructure.  As for US producers, they’ve shown no response to 
produce more despite high prices given the volatility, and will likely maintain the same strategy once 
prices calm.   
No doubt as we exit this fiasco, the administration will continue to jawbone oil prices lower.  Let’s 
assume the same $10/barrel discount applies like it has done so in the past 2 years, if so, we’re still 
looking at $90/barrel, which in many cases would double the free cash flow (“FCF”) of oil and gas 
companies.   
5

Unlike pre-COVID, most E&Ps have deleveraged these past few years, and they entered this tumultuous 
period far healthier and less levered.  In turn, the bumper crop of prices should translate to robust cash 
flows that can be returned to shareholders.  Still the market’s skeptical not because of the capital 
allocation strategy, but the volatile price environment.  The stock market is currently unwilling to translate 
the higher FCF into a higher multiple for energy stocks because once peace breaks out we’ll “return to 
normal.”  Perhaps, but call us skeptical.  After losing 800M barrels, inventory buffers will look vastly 
different when peace breaks out.  Countries that have been economically and politically imperiled by the 
crisis will revisit their energy policies and secure their own energy inventories.  If the US can no longer 
easily secure the free flow of energy, then they’ll all need to develop their own buffers, which increases 
demand.  Tack on some global risk premium, subdued producer response, and we think oil’s new floor 
will be significantly higher than the $65/barrel we started March with.   
How will that translate to our holdings?  Let’s walk through it. 
Portfolio Update 
Occidental Petroleum (“OXY”) 
As we hoped, OXY finally showed what it’s capable of, demonstrating the company’s ability to leverage 
its vast operations and generate significant cash flow.  More importantly, this management team finally 
got out of its own way, shelving its original capex plans for growth, and instead slashed budgets so that it 
would generate an extra $1.2B of FCF in 2026 (assuming the same oil price as 2025).  After finding 
religion, the market rewarded the decision and sent the stock up 10% in February to ~$50/share.  Given 
our levered position (as we hold OXY warrants), we did slightly better.  Interestingly, all of this occurred 
prior to the Iranian conflict.  The war’s impact further rallied the shares, and it ended the quarter at $65/
share.  It’s since retreated to ~$55/share, but we think this is temporary as oil prices should remain 
elevated post-conflict.    
From what we can tell, OXY has positioned itself to generate enough cash flow with WTI at $65/barrel 
(WTI’s average price in 2025) to pay down its debts, build cash to retire the Berkshire Hathaway 
preferred shares in 2029, and increase its dividend regularly.  At $65/barrel, OXY will generate about 
$5.2B in free cash flow (“FCF”), and at a 10x multiple, it justifies the $50 market cap (and $50/share 
price given 1B shares outstanding) the stock reached in February.  That’s the base case. So as the 
repercussions from the Iranian conflict plays out, we think the upside here is significant.  For simplicity, 
every $10/barrel increase in oil prices translates to ~$2.5B in FCF (i.e., 50% more cash).   
6

Multiply that additional cash flow by a conservative 6-8x multiple, and you’re looking at an increase of 
$15B in market cap (i.e., $15/share on the low end).  Again with a 1B shares outstanding, the stock should 
increase from $50/share to $65/share.  Assume other multiples, and you get a mosaic that looks like this:   
You can see that if oil settles long-term at ~$80/barrel, we’re looking at an $80/share OXY stock.  The 
warrants, which allows us to buy the OXY shares for $22/share would increase ~60% from today’s $35 to 
$58.  Again much depends on where oil settles post-conflict, but we think it’ll very likely be somewhere 
with an “8-9” handle, and potentially more if the disrupted production doesn’t return in short-order.   
In any event, the additional capital would be used to accelerate debt repayments, increasing dividend 
payments, and perform share buybacks.  Given this backdrop, the shares have room to rise, so as oil 
prices climbed we added to our holdings this quarter.  We await to hear more about their shareholder 
return strategy when they report Q1 in a few weeks, but the revised capex plan already laid out in last 
quarter’s update represented a giant shift in OXY’s transformation.    
Transocean / Valaris 
As we discussed in our last letter, we began redeploying our MEG Energy proceeds this quarter.  With 
that, we welcome our newest positions, Valaris (“V AL”).  V AL is a US company that owns and leases out 
15 drillship and 31 jackups to energy producers worldwide.  Think of these platforms as giant floating 
drilling machines that sail or are towed out to and parked over a client deepwater oil fields.  Once 
positioned, they’ll begin to drill in the ocean floor to tap the underground reservoirs.   The lease contracts 
vary in length, and the business is dependent on the capital expenditures of major oil companies.     
7

Our purpose for purchasing V AL is to really own Transocean (“RIG”), V AL’s closest competitor in the 
sector, which also owns and leases ultra-deepwater and harsh environment floaters (27 in total).    
RIG itself came out of COVID heavily indebted, and with the threat of insolvency the shares cratered to 
around $2.13/share.  By 2025, drillship owners had idled or retired enough vessels that the market became 
better balanced.  Utilization rates and eventually day rates began to stabilize and then rise.  In turn, cash 
flows improved, and as bankruptcy risk subsided the stock doubled to ~$5/share.  Despite the company’s 
improving fortunes, debt loads and liquidity concerns still dominated.  With an annual cash flow of 
$700M in 2025, the prospect of repaying $5.2B of loans without continuing share dilution was unlikely.  
The shares became a call option on the long-term price of oil if producers eventually increase capex 
budgets for developing their off-shore fields.  Nonetheless, because of its heavy debt load, there was a 
high chance that shareholders would be diluted as each tranche of debt matured in the interim.  
This all changed, however, when RIG announced the transformative acquisition of V AL on February 9th.  
Under the proposed transaction, V AL shareholders will receive 15.235 RIG shares for every share of 
V AL.  When the dust settles, existing RIG owners will own 53% of the combined company and V AL 
shareholders 47%.  The transaction essentially slams two similarly sized companies together, one highly 
indebted (RIG), but with more valuable and advanced drillship that command higher rents, with a lightly 
indebted company (V AL) with fewer drillship and cheaper/cash flowing jackups.   
The acquisition will effectively deleverage RIG, and the surviving entity 
will be on much better financial footing.  RIG comes into the marriage 
with ~$5B of net debt and ~$700M in FCF last year, whereas V AL brings 
only $0.5B of net debt and ~$340M of FCF.  In total, we’re looking at a 
$13B market cap company, with $5.5B in net debt.  New-RIG is also 
projected to earn $1.4B in FCF after certain internal cost savings and 
synergies are achieved, giving shareholders a 11% FCF to market cap 
yield.  The balance sheet delevers significantly as Net Debt to Adjusted 
EBITDA falls from 3.7x to 2.6x.  RIG anticipates paying debt down 
further using its reinvigorated cash flow to pay debt down even further, 
and expects to a achieve a 1.5x ratio in 24 months.     
The drillship are the key to this transaction.  By further consolidating the 
drillship space, the company should have more control over pricing and 
utilization.  V AL historically was known to prioritize utilization and not 
8

pricing.  Once RIG closes the transaction, it can better control the economics of the larger fleet and 
attempt to raise prices as producers increase production following the war.  Gaining market leverage 
should improve RIG’s profitability, utilization, day rates, and overall fleet metrics as offshore capex spend 
is projected to grow. 
The US/Iran war will undoubtedly cause some near-term hiccups.  Some of V AL’s jackups are rented to a 
joint venture with Saudi ARAMCO (“ARO”) under long-term joint venture agreements.  The agreements 
include force majeure clauses that allow ARAMCO or ARO to pause or terminate the contracts when a 
war breaks out.  We’ve seen reports that ARAMCO has suspended offshore drilling operations, and that 
will have ripple effects on V AL’s cash flow for 2026.  Still this is likely a temporary blip, and we think the 
merger will conclude without an adjustment to the purchase price given the benefits post-merger greatly 
outweighs the short-term uncertainty. 
The merger is expected to close in H2 2026, and since V AL stock was trading at a slight discount to RIG 
(but will eventually be converted to RIG shares), we’ve acquired the V AL stock in anticipation that the 
merger will happen.  We acquired the shares on February 9th at an average price of $81.10/share.  Given 
the 15.235 exchange ratio, we’ve effectively bought RIG at $5.32/share once the merger closes.  We also 
acquired some V AL warrants that allow us to leverage the position slightly.  The warrants have an 
expiration date in April 2028, and once converted to RIG warrants allows us to buy RIG at $8.65/share.   
Peloton 
We’ve fully exited our position in Peloton (“PTON”).  After a lackluster quarterly report, share prices 
declined from $6.16/share at the start of the year to $4.10/share, where we exited.  Yes, we took the loss 
on the position that in our folly had sized-up during the quarter.  This was our self-inflicted wound, so 
we’ll have to triage it and stem the bleeding.  Frankly, we still think the company has promise and may 
reenter the position later.  Our models were to optimistic on subscriber counts, and heading into the 
quarter, we forecasted lower subscriber losses than the company had guided to.  Since most management 
teams know to underpromise and overdeliver to Wall Street, investors (including us) had anticipated 
better numbers. Well, turns out the company’s guidance was on point.  When the numbers fell short, the 
stock promptly fell by 30%.   
Normally, we would’ve held the position and even increased it to let the story play out (new growth 
initiatives and refinancing).  As discussed above, however, we’re not sure how energy costs play out here 
as the full impact of the conflict ripples.  If the economy and consumers weaken because of high energy 
prices, PTON with its $2,000 bikes and $50/month subscription price will have a tougher time attracting 
9

and retaining subscribers.  In looking at tangential March data, there also appears to be softer sales in the 
coming weeks, so perhaps our caution is warranted.  We shall see.  Although we’re still bullish on the 
company’s overall prospects, the economic backdrop gives us pause.  So in an abundance of caution, 
we’ve sold.  We’ll lick our wounds and stay patient until the conflict and its repercussions are better 
understood.  Don’t be surprised if we layer back into the name as we still think the company and its new 
management team can achieve success.  
Parting Thoughts 
We came into the year with a “barbell portfolio,” shorting certain technology names, and being long 
energy.  No changes with our shorts, they are performing better than expected so we’ll keep those hedges 
in place.  Other than our PTON misadventure and divestiture and V AL acquisition, things are fairly steady 
state.  We made some initial exploratory forays into some Software as a Service (“SAAS”) names such as 
Intuit (INTU) and Atlassian (TEAM), but they were small, and we’ve since sold them for a small gain, 
opting to slim down the portfolio to energy names in this environment.  These are uncertain times, and the 
coming weeks will be telling.   
By the time we send this letter out, we think the ramifications of what’s occurred will be better 
understood.  The volume of daily headlines have only increased as the Trump administration attempts to 
soothe the markets even as the fragile peace holds.  Much of it has worked as the market has hit all-time 
highs of late, and oil prices and our energy company shares have fallen from their year-to-date peak.  
Since the end of the quarter, we’ve had a ceasefire agreed to between the combatants, but despite the “will 
they” or “won’t they” agreement to end the war, the SoH remains closed, and the military buildup 
continues.  Word today is that the ceasefire will be extended so that negotiations can continue past April 
21.  If so, then production may stay interrupted.  Everyday the SoH remains closed means an additional 
production lost, and another day in which Iran consolidates its Hormuz price.  As the clock ticks, the 
pendulum for leverage swings to the Iranian side.    
There is some demand destruction occurring as Asia has implemented work-from-home days and 
encouraged other savings measures.  Some of the benefits are offset by government subsidies (reducing 
fuel taxes) and SPR releases, but really these are all half-measures taken out of desperation and 
efficacious for a short-time.  Longer-term (i.e., in a few weeks), demand destruction will need to begin for 
real.  Prices will dictate that as wealthier countries outbid the poorer ones for the marginal barrel.  In the 
end, energy prices will force the rationalization when inventories inevitably fall.  Our oil equities will be 
volatile, but given that most are priced and pegged to a $65-70/barrel price, we still think they’re woefully 
underpriced.  Again if oil prices do hover near $80/barrel long-term, OXY will nearly double its FCF.  
The market views all the Middle East events as transitory, but we think the impacts have only just begun.  
Inevitably prices should push higher.  For us, we’ll hunker down . . . and lock-in.  
Me: “Quick, the check was $152 with 4 people, how much did each person cost?” (Both kids freeze, 
Addy’s mouth agape) 
Addy: (PLOP! goes the piece of veggie as it falls from her chopstick). “$38!” 
Me: “hahaha, did you just use up all your brain capacity to calc that?”   
Addy: Haha, I had to lock-in! 
Indeed. 
10
As always thank you for investing and please let us know if we can explain any of our ideas above in 
more detail.  For our limited partners who have not already done so, please visit our Substack account 
where we publish our thoughts on the market weekly (https://openinsights.substack.com).   
Sincerely, 
 
Nelson Wu 
Managing Director  
11
