395 Oyster Point, Suite 511 | South San Francisco, California  94080 
April 15, 2026 
Dear Partners, 
Performance and exposures for Orso (our short only product) and ORB (our long/short product) for the 1 st quarter 
of 2026 are presented below.  ORB launched mid-quarter on February 6, 2026.  The S&P 500 was down 3.8% since the 
launch of ORB, so we are pleased that the fund is working as we hoped it would – capable of generating positive returns 
on a positive net dollar exposure in a down-trending market by exploiting the structural beta differences between our 
shorts and longs. 
 
 
The stocks that worked the best YTD were many of the names that caused us the most trouble last year. We are not 
surprised by this dynamic – as we have discussed in prior letters, in the new market paradigm, momentum trades carry 
out with greater duration and intensity than anyone initially expects, and then rapidly lose 60-75% of their value in short 
bursts. This is exactly why we try to size our trades, divers ify our exposures, and deploy hedges so that we can see 
these shorts to fruition. 
Two themes we have been involved in for a long period of time paid off handsomely in the first quarter – alternative 
asset management (private equity / private credit) and soft ware. We were early in these themes – very early. When 
we first started shorting these stocks, these were market darlings, with each major alt manager getting added to the 
S&P 500 on an almost quarterly basis. We often fielded questions from our peers as to why we would short such high-
quality companies. Financials analysts were dumping regional  banks and deploying max dollar allocations to alternative 
asset managers due to the predictability of their revenue franchises. And tech analysts came to adopt absurd valuation 
frameworks in software, again because of the predictability of their revenue streams. The real mistake these investors 
made was the very most fundamental error one makes in inve sting – the error of overpaying. Even misjudging relative 
obsolescence risk is ultimately an error of valuation, not of underwriting. 
If Your Short Makes Front Page News, It’s Probably Not a Great Short 
Not a day has gone by in the past month that private cred it has not made the front-page  news of Bloomberg, the FT, 
and the Wall Street Journal – often all on the same day, mult iple times a day. Our experien ce living on the short side 
of the market is very clear: when the mainstream media is writing incessantly about problems in an industry, it is usually 
too late for the short. We track media narratives with ex treme intensity given how much  narrative and story-telling 
matter in the evolution of a short. 
1/1/26 - 3/31/26 2/6/26 - 3/31/26
Orso1 ORB2
Short Only Long/Short
Net Return1 14.3% 1.0%
Average Net Exposure -96.5% 25.0%
Russell 2000 TR 0.9% -2.9%
S&P 500 TR -4.3% -3.8%
 
395 Oyster Point, Suite 511 | South San Francisco, California  94080 
 
From a pure sentiment perspective, the noise and fixation with the private credit space is alarming from the standpoint 
of a short – and for that reason, we materially adjusted our bets in this space this month. Private credit exists precisely 
because regulators barred banks from holding this risk on systemic balance sheets post-GFC – the structures people 
are panicking about were designed as safety valves, not time bombs. Anyone opining on the space without that historical 
context lacks credibility. 
This is not to say the short thesis on private credit can’t work out. Credit could deteriorate if the economy weakens, 
and the industry may face stagnating inflows due to the no ise around the space. But these are not “gap down” short 
theses – these types of theses take time to play out, and the average attention span of a financial market participant 
rivals that of a three-year-old child. To  us it seems obvious: the easy money is gone, investors are exiting the space 
with extreme panic, and correlations between different sector constituents have gone to one – regardless of underlying 
business models and fundamentals. Lazy shorts have entered the trade, and our history in these types of shorts suggests 
that the trade will resolve with tremendous pain for the la te-comers. We know this from experience… if a financial 
undergoing a systemic risk attack does not crack quickly, it is unlikely to crack at all. That does not mean it will exhibit 
the v-shaped recovery of a momentum tech stock, but it does mean shorts will eventually grow bored, cover, and move 
on. 
We have materially reduced our exposure to these themes, and in the case of the ORB fund we have adjusted our 
exposure to be net long these themes by opportunistically  buying certain companies in the impacted sectors that we 
believe have been irrationally punished. 
Software / Private Equity 
The private equity industry is undeniably facing significan t headwinds. While endless in k has been spilled on private 
credit interval funds and BDCs, almost none has been spent on private equity interval funds. Large managers, including 
Blackstone, are taking carried interest on mark-to-market a ssets in their PE interval funds – hedge fund style. For 
market critics concerned about marks in private credit – what do they think of the marks in the equity tranche of deals 
that sits junior to credit? 
At this point, we wonder how much overtime work the PR  firms for the largest fund managers are doing to shift 
attention to off-the-run smaller interval funds and BDCs so that their own activities in other fund products do not 
come into the spotlight. The view is not conspiratorial – the leaders of the largest alternative asset management firms 
have taken to the conference circuit to attack smaller private credit rivals (not necessarily by name) while remaining 
silent about their own aggressive product terms. 
The first sin of the industry in the past few years was the la ck of diversification. They deployed 30%+ of their assets 
under management into a single sector – software. We have written about Thoma Br avo and Vista on numerous 
occasions over the years – and it is si mply astounding the amount of capital these firms raised to solely invest in 
software. Too much capital chased too few deals in softwa re, investors overpaid, and wh ether AI had come along or 
not, we have long been on the record stating that these software investments were misguided and would end in tears. 
AI is now the excuse for the oldest sin in investing – overpaying.   
The second sin was the relentless push into retail. The firms th at broke into retail most aggressively grew their assets 
at an astronomical clip, but now face the challenge of managing retail relationships at a time when the industry is being 
accused of something close to fraud da ily in the press. These are firms whos e DNA is built around managing a few 
hundred sophisticated institutional relationships. Asking them to service tens of thousands of retail investors (and their 
emotions) through a period of headline panic is akin to a defense contractor that builds fighter jets and precision 
 
395 Oyster Point, Suite 511 | South San Francisco, California  94080 
munitions suddenly entering the market for pistols – the ma nufacturing expertise is te chnically adjacent, but the 
distribution, servicing, and customer expectations are from a completely different universe. But the retail push was not 
out of choice for the largest managers – it was out of necessity because they had already maxed out their institutional 
allocator wallet share. 
We think the death of software narrative is likely to weigh heavily on PE portfolios. Their companies are simply not at 
the quality or scale of public comparables. They have as sembled collections of the weakest software companies and 
will have a hard time selling to battered public competitors now because of valuation compression. Strategic exits of 
software businesses are why Thoma Bravo and Vista grew to th eir AUM sizes today. We thin k that exit path is over 
for them, as beaten-up public competitors are now more li kely to come in and try to compete against over-levered 
private equity owned companies rather than expanding via acquisition. As a result, we think the net winner of the 
AI/death of software narrative is likely to be the dominant franchises in public markets, and the losers will be private 
equity. 
We reduced our net short expo sure in software materially in the quarter and bought some software names that we 
knew from the short side and believed had enough valuation cushion to justify small long positions. 
So, in aggregate, we have restructured both of these them es. Our software shorts are comprised of broken software 
tangential businesses or extremely overvalued software companies that we think are not yet appropriately discounting 
AI headline risk. Our software longs are strong franchises that have lost 50-70% of value and that we believe will take 
share from smaller private equity-owned competitors. And our PE shorts are institutionally focused firms that pivoted 
to focus on selling suspect funds to reta il investors, as well as firms with outl ier high exposure to software. Our PE 
longs are managers we think have a high institutional investor mix, and managers that have the opportunity to capitalize 
on stress in private credit because they are either under-exposed or better positioned strategically. 
PE is in a particularly precarious time in its history. The managers of these firms are juggernauts – their tentacles reach 
far, they have extreme sway over the government, the press, and of course corporate America. They have gone from 
an industry of cooperation and secular growth to fighting over retail 401k dolla rs. As these titans are now forced to 
fight amongst one another once again due to the shrinking allocation pie, ther e will be outsized winners and losers 
making it an interesting time to trade dispersion between the managers. 
Semiconductors: Priced for a World That Cannot Exist 
The semiconductor trade has become the single most crowde d expression of AI optimism in public markets, and the 
valuation arithmetic has reached a level of abstraction that would make a dotcom era analyst blush. The semiconductor 
complex is currently trading at nearly 100x 2026 free cash fl ow, on forward estimates that assume profits that are 
multiples of what this industry has hi storically generated. Meanwhile, Morgan Stanley's quality long basket, comprised 
of businesses with durable competitive advantages and predictable cash generation, trades at under 20x free cash flow 
after underperforming the SOXX by 150% since the beginning  of 2023. What's more, the earnings power of these 
businesses is entirely contingent on a hyperscaler capex cycle that is already showing signs of fatigue, and what makes 
that fatigue more alarming is that nearly 50% of the cape x surge reflects cost inflation rather than genuine demand, 
primarily from memory prices doubling. Spending growth is nonetheless decele rating from 80% to 40% within 2026 
alone, and it is the rate of change that markets actually price. When the DRAM ETF launched recently following a 400% 
peak to trough rally in the GS TMT Memory Exposed In dex, we were reminded of a pattern we know well. The 
Roundhill MEME ETF launched at the December 2021 peak before an 80% drawdown. The Bitcoin futures ETF launched 
in October 2021 before a 77% crash. Retail product creation is the terminal expression of  a consensus that has fully 
metastasized, and the DRAM ETF is the clearest signal yet that  we are in the final innings of this particular parabolic 
advance. 
 
395 Oyster Point, Suite 511 | South San Francisco, California  94080 
The fundamental problem with the AI infrastructure buildout is not that artificial intelligence lacks utility. It is that the 
capital requirements implied by the current investment thesis  are simply incompatible with physical reality, and the 
cracks are beginning to appear simultaneously from multiple directions. OpenAI's cancellation of Sora is the most visible 
symptom of this dynamic. Sora was among the most memory  and compute intensive consumer AI applications ever 
built, and its shutdown carries material implications for the DRAM and HBM demand foreca sts the sell side has been 
extrapolating into perpetuity, particular ly given credible reports that OpenAI  had reserved meaningful DRAM wafer 
capacity that will now go unabsorbed. Layer onto this the emerging political reality: Federal moratorium legislation has 
been introduced in Congress, at least a dozen states have followed with similar bills, and nearly $100 billion in data 
center projects were stalled or canceled  from community opposition in a single  quarter last year. The regulatory and 
political environment for the infrastruc ture buildout has deteriorated materially , and the market has priced precisely 
none of it. The buildout is not failing for lack of ambition. It is failing because the economics were never there to begin 
with. 
What we are underwriting is the simple observation that a sector trading at nearly 100x free cash flow has no margin 
of safety against any deceleration in the rate of change of the underlying de mand narrative, and that deceleration is 
already visible in the data. The AI buildout has been underwritten as if the physical world does not impose constraints, 
and it does. The Hormuz closure and it s cascading effects on semiconductor process chemicals, helium supply chains, 
and LNG dependent fab operations in Taiwan and Korea is a vi vid illustration of this fragility. The very fab capacity 
supposed to produce the memory underpinning the AI s upercycle is running on borrowed time across multiple 
independent supply chain dimensions simult aneously. We want to be precise: we are not staking this thesis solely on 
the Strait of Hormuz remaining closed, as the diplomatic variables make that an uncomfortable underwrite. The more 
important point is that the physical, regulatory, and economic constraints we have outlined exist entirely independently 
of each other, and the bull case requires all of them to resolve favorably at the same time. The bear case requires only 
that the rate of change decelerates from extraordinary to merely good. History is unambiguous about which of those 
two outcomes is more probable when the starting valuation is this stretched. 
Tax Avoidance As An Asset Class 
While the media fixates on private credit interval funds, we have been focused on what we believe is one of the most 
aggressive tax-avoidance schemes in America today. Like every tax-avoidance scheme that has come before it, it sounds 
legitimate on its face – sophisticated quantitative stock sele ction, “several hundred signals,” machine learning – and is 
sponsored by a highly credible counterparty in AQR Capi tal Management. But the underlying economics produce an 
outcome so preposterous that it cannot sustain regulatory  scrutiny: a product that projects cumulative net capital 
losses of -723% of invested capital over  ten years, and a sister fund (Delphi Plus) that manufactu red ordinary losses 
equal to 31% of capital in a single year while simultaneously  generating positive investment returns. These are not the 
hallmarks of an investment strategy; they are the hallmarks of a tax product dressed in quantitative clothing. 
The history of Wall Street is littered with precisely thes e schemes – each one blessed by top-tier counsel, marketed 
by credible institutions, and embraced by sophisticated investors right up until the moment the IRS arrived: 
1) 1980s “Passive Loss” Real Estate Shelters.  Wealthy professionals bought he avily leveraged, economically 
worthless real estate for the sole purpose of claiming massive paper depreciation deductions against their highly 
taxed W-2 income. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 closed the loophole overnight, exposing the underlying rot and 
helping ignite the Savings & Loan crisis. 
2) The Accounting Firm Alphabet Soup – BLIPS, FLIPS, OPIS (late 1990s–2003). Top-tier accounting and 
law firms mass-produced off-the-shelf ta x shelters for newly minted millionair es, using exotic loan structures to 
manufacture paper losses lacking any “economic substance. ” KPMG admitted to generating at least $11 billion in 
phony tax losses, paid $456 million in fines, and saw nine individuals criminally indicted – including its former deputy 
chairman. The DOJ launched a massive sweep resulting in criminal prosecutions and billions in clawbacks. 
 
395 Oyster Point, Suite 511 | South San Francisco, California  94080 
3) Son of BOSS (Early 2000s). A convoluted partnership structure marketed to wealthy entrepreneurs that used 
massive, “uncertain” liabilities to artificially inflate tax ba sis, allowing investors to claim staggering tax losses on 
paper despite losing zero actual money. The IRS voided the entities entirely, collecting over $3 billion in settlements 
from roughly 1,800 participants. 
4) Cum-Ex Trading (2000s–2012).  Dubbed the “robbery of the century,” this European arbitrage scheme used 
rapid short-selling around dividend dates to obscure benefi cial ownership, allowing large multi-national banks to 
claim multiple tax rebates on a single dividend. It result ed in billions in asset forf eitures and criminal prison 
sentences. 
5) Renaissance Technologies’ “Basket Options” – th e most direct parallel to our current thesis.  The 
legendary quantitative fund used bank-sponsored derivative overlays to recharacterize millions of short-term, high-
frequency trades as long-term capital gains for trades executed from 2005 thru 2015. The IRS applied the economic 
substance doctrine, resulting in a record-shattering $7 billion settlement in 2021. 
6) Syndicated Conservation Easements (2010–present). Promoters package land through pass-through 
entities, obtain grossly inflated appraisals, and donate “conservation easements” generating deductions of 4–5x the 
investor’s capital. The IRS estimates $ 36 billion in fraudulent deductions sinc e 2010. Jack Fisher, a CPA, received 
25 years in federal prison for selling $1.3 billion in fraudulent deductions. Tax Court judges have been sustaining an 
average of only 7% of claimed valuations. 
Every single one of these strategies shared the same fatal flaw: they used complex financial engineering to manufacture 
a tax benefit entirely divorced from economic reality. We believe AQR Capital Management (and its spin-outs and 
copycats) are running the modern iteration of this exact playbook. 
Affiliated Managers Group (AMG) 
The most direct way to play the inevitable fallout is Affiliated Managers Group (NYSE: AMG). AMG is a holding company 
that acquires minority stakes in boutique asset managers. While the market treats the company as a stable aggregator 
of diversified cash flows, our short thesis is highly specif ic to its rapidly increasing co ncentration in AQR – a single 
affiliate whose recent growth engine we believe is built on regulatory arbitrage that faces imminent scrutiny. 
The Concentration Risk the Market Ignores 
AMG holds a minority equity-method stake in AQR, which ha s ballooned from a mid-single-digit EBITDA contributor 
several years ago into a dominant, concentrated earnings driver. On AMG’s Q4 2025 earnings call, CFO Dava Ritchea 
disclosed that AQR contributed double digi ts to EBITDA in 2025 and is expected to exceed 20% of total earnings in 
2026. AQR’s assets have surged by a record $65 billion in  2025 alone, reaching $179 billion. AMG characterized this 
trajectory as being driven by AQR’s “strong organic growth and performance fees.” 
However, a huge portion of that growth is being fueled by AQR’s tax-arbitrage SMA products. AMG shareholders are 
effectively making a leveraged bet on the sustainability of AQR’s tax scheme at precisely the moment it is attracting the 
most attention from regulators. 
What AQR Is Actually Selling: 6x Leverage on Retail Margin 
Our research, anchored by internal AQ R marketing materials prepared for weal th advisors, indicates that AQR has 
become heavily reliant on a highly suspect tax-arbitrage strategy to drive asset retention and growth. AQR markets 
these vehicles – their “Flex SMAs” – as  sophisticated long/short equity portfolios combining a “data-driven stock 
selection process” with “tax-aware management capabilities.” They boast about utilizing “several hundred signals” and 
“machine learning methods” to generate alpha. 
 
395 Oyster Point, Suite 511 | South San Francisco, California  94080 
Looking under the hood, the true “alpha” of this product is simply extreme tax avoidance. The mechanical goal of the 
fund is to aggressively realize net capital losses on the short side while perpetually deferring the realization of gains on 
the long side. We have seen marketing presentations given to prospective ultra-high-net-worth clients where AQR’s 
own internal modeling projects cumulative net capital losses of -723% of invested capital over a ten-year horizon under 
a no-outflow scenario. It is a staggering figure that und erscores the primacy of loss generation as the product’s 
fundamental raison d’être. 
To manufacture losses of that magnitude, AQR has to run th ese strategies with massive gross leverage. While they 
offer lower-volatility iterations, make no mistake: clients seeking the most aggressive tax avoidance are gravitating 
straight toward the extreme upper bounds, specifically the 250/250 market-neutral or 350/250 directional structures. 
To understand how crazy a 350/250 strategy is, look at the math. For every $1 million in client equity, AQR is running 
$3.5 million in long positions and $2.5  million in short positions. That is a staggering 600% gross exposure, or 6x 
leverage. To achieve this, AQR is stretching retail broker Portfolio Margin (PM) rules to their absolute breaking point. 
Standard retail margin (Reg T) caps gross exposure at 2x. Even aggressive, institutional long/short equity hedge funds 
typically cap their gross exposure around 200% to 250%. 
Piping 6x institutional quant-fund leverage into individual retail SMAs just to ma nufacture tax losses is a ticking time 
bomb. It assumes historical correlations between longs and shorts will hold perfectly. If those correlations break – for 
instance, if the market gaps down while  heavily shorted “junk” factors violen tly rally – the margin requirements will 
explode instantly, forcing retail brokers to aggressively au to-liquidate these portfolios to protect their own balance 
sheets and wiping out the clients in the process. To maint ain these exposures and minimi ze transaction costs, their 
regulatory filings disclose the active use of derivatives, including equity index futures, swaps, and currency forwards. 
Swaps, Delphi Plus, and the RenTech Parallel 
AQR isn’t content with merely harvesting capital losses. Their most aggressive iteration is the Delphi Plus fund, which 
represents a severe escalation in the tax-avoidance playbook. Delphi Plus utilizes notional principal contracts (NPCs) – 
swap agreements – to generate “ordinary losses” that can be deducted not just against capital gains, but against W-2 
and business income. Documents obtained by Bloomberg show the fund generated ordinary losses amounting to 31% 
of invested capital in 2023, plus an additional 4% in short-term capital losses, while returning 12.2% pre-tax. This is the 
holy grail for the ultra-wealthy: a product that produces investment returns while simultaneously manufacturing losses 
that wipe out their taxable income from wages. 
The use of swap structures for tax optimization should set off massive regulatory al arm bells. The most prominent 
cautionary tale here is Renaissance Technologies, whose Medallion fund used  “basket options” to artificially 
recharacterize short-term trading gains  as long-term capital gains. That deri vative-based arbitrage resulted in 
Renaissance executives paying approximately $7 billion in back taxes, interest, and penalties in a 2021 settlement. 
The parallels are highly instructive: both involve sophisticat ed quantitative firms weaponizing derivative overlays to 
manufacture tax benefits that exist independently of any genuine investment thesis. Both the GAO and the IRS’s Office 
of Promoter Investigations have specifically identified the use of financial derivatives to alter the character of income as 
a core target for abusive tax avoidance. 
The Estate Planning Endgame 
The ultimate endgame of the Flex SMA strategy is generational wealth transfer. As AQR’s own modeling demonstrates, 
they eventually run these accounts through an “Optimal De lever” phase, drastically unwinding the short market value 
and dropping the tracking error from 10% down to 2% over a roughly three-year period. The unstated purpose of this 
rapid delevering is to freeze a portfolio of highly appreciated long positions so they can be passed down to the client’s 
 
395 Oyster Point, Suite 511 | South San Francisco, California  94080 
heirs. Upon death, the heirs receive a stepped-up cost basis on those assets, entirely wiping out the massive, deferred 
tax liability. It is a generational wealth-transfer loophole wrapped in the guise of a quantitative hedge fund. 
Fidelity’s Exit and the Stock Borrow Bottleneck 
The operational mechanics of this trade are also beginning to fracture in ways the market has not priced. In February 
2026, Fidelity instituted an indefinite restriction on RIAs plac ing new client assets in long/short SMAs on its platform, 
following months of escalating pauses. Industry sources attribute this to exuberant growth and the need for Fidelity to 
“build out risk process” to handle the sprawling short books. 
This is a critical bottleneck. Fidelity and Schwab are th e dominant custodians for th ese strategies. With Fidelity 
effectively shutting its doors to new long/short SMA busine ss, advisors have been forced  to push all new flows onto 
Schwab. This creates a highly fragile de pendency: if Schwab follows Fidelity’s le ad, or if regulatory action forces 
custodians to reconsider the risks of facilitating these st ructures, the entire AQR Flex SMA growth engine seizes up 
overnight. Fidelity’s move is a major tell – a risk-averse financial institution concluding that the operational and 
regulatory tail risks of these products no longer justify the fees. 
Furthermore, we have had conversations with experts well- placed in the stock borrow space. They understand that 
AQR’s funds and their clones are a ticking time bomb carryin g significant reputational risk. This is precisely why these 
SMAs remain parked at retail brokerage firms. We seriousl y question the stability of the stock borrow at these retail 
brokerages – especially given that they put their stock on  loan to firms like AQR while simultaneously aggressively 
marketing to other hedge fund clients. 
The Irony of Cliff Asness 
The supreme irony of this setup ties directly back to our earlier commentary on the alternative asset management 
space. AQR’s founder, Cliff Asness, has been highly vocal on the conference circuit, righteously ranting about the 
valuation evils and structural flaws of private credit interval funds. Yet, simultaneously, AQR has launched a Delphi Plus 
interval fund for mass access, weaponizing swap contracts to manufacture ordinary losses against earned income. The 
hypocrisy is breathtaking. 
We believe this aggressive tax positioning is built on a foundation of regulatory arbitrage that is highly vulnerable to IRS 
scrutiny – scrutiny that Bloomberg reports is already in tensifying from the Treasury Department. The economic 
substance doctrine, the exact legal framework that underpinned the $7 billion Renaissance settlement, applies squarely 
to strategies whose primary purpose is the generation of ta x benefits rather than pre-tax investment returns. When 
the regulatory hammer falls, the resulting hit to AQR’s AUM and fee streams will be severe. That impairment will flow 
directly through to AMG’s bottom line at a moment when AQR represents a growing and increasingly concentrated 
share of their earnings. We are short AMG as the most liquid, direct vehicle to express our view on the unwinding of 
this strategy. 
Zooming out, in an America increasingly attuned to wealth  inequality, the discovery that a founder can sell a business 
for $5 billion and utilize AQR’s loss-generation machine to fully  offset the capital gains tax over time – then pass the 
remaining appreciated portfolio to heirs with a stepped-up basi s, effectively reducing the lifetime tax bill to zero – is 
simply not a sustainable business model. It is a path straight  toward pitchforks, and the regulators will eventually be 
forced to lead the charge. 
 
 
 
395 Oyster Point, Suite 511 | South San Francisco, California  94080 
Conclusion 
The first quarter of 2026 validated our core philosophy: in this market environment, you must be willing to aggressively 
underwrite the reality of a situation rather than blindly following the consensus narrative. Whether it is stepping away 
from the crowded, late-stage panic in private credit, fadi ng the “death of software” narrative to buy elite public 
franchises, or identifying idiosyncratic,  fundamentally flawed structures like AMG, we remain relentlessly focused on 
exploiting structural market inefficiencies. We anticipate  continued volatility as the year progresses and the lagged 
effects of these consensus unwinds fully materialize. We are pleased with how both Orso and ORB navigated the first 
quarter, and we believe our restructured portfolios are optimally positioned to capitalize on the pain that awaits late-
comers and lazy consensus trades in the months ahead. 
Thank you for your continued trust, support, and partnership. 
 
Sincerely, 
Nathan Koppikar 
Portfolio Manager, Orso Partners 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
395 Oyster Point, Suite 511 | South San Francisco, California  94080 
Tickmark: 
1 Net returns for Orso Short are the gross returns (as described below) net of a hypothetical 1.5% annual management fee, 
charged monthly in arrears, other hypoth etical annual operating expenses that woul d be charged monthly in arrears to a 
private investment fund or managed account (including administration, audit, legal and research related fees and expenses) 
estimated at 0.30% of the account balance, and a hypothetical 20% annual incentive fee charged on the amount by which 
the account outperforms the inverse of the Russell 2000 Index.  The returns are calculated monthly and compounded using 
the time-weighted return formula. 
Gross returns are a composite of (i) from March 4, 2019 through July 31, 2020, the returns of a sub-advisory account for 
which Orso provided investment recommendations to an unrelated third-party investment manager, and (ii) from August 1, 
2020 and continuing through the current period, the returns of a separately managed account (SMA) over which Orso has 
investment discretion and manages using a related investment strategy. Gross returns are shown gross of management fees 
and incentive fees; and net of stock loan borrow fees and other trading related income and/or expenses. Where applicable, 
the returns are calculated monthly and compounded using the time-weighted return formula. 
2 Net returns for Orso Beta Arbitrage LP, aka Orb, are the returns of its Class B, which are net of a 1.0% annual management 
fee, charged quarterly in advance, ot her annual operating expenses that woul d be charged monthl y (including fund 
administration, audit, legal and research related fees and ot her expenses), and a 12.5% performance allocation that is 
charged on any amount of net profits as defined in its Confidential Private Placemen t Memorandum. The returns are 
calculated monthly and compounded using the time-weighted return formula. 
 
Important Disclosures 
This summary is for informational purposes only and does not co nstitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to purchase any 
securities.  This summary does not contain all information t hat is material to an investment in any account or private 
investment vehicle that may be sponsored or managed by Orso Partners (“Orso”).  An investment with Orso is not suitable 
for all investors and is intended for experienced and sophisticated investors who meet all of Orso’s investment requirements 
and are willing to bear the economic risk of such investment.  Investments in se curities are speculative and subject to a 
variety of risks and considerations.  It is important for prospective investors to do their own due diligence, consult their own 
advisors and to obtain the information that they determine nece ssary in order to make their investment decision.  This 
summary is provided with the understanding that it is not rende ring accounting, legal or tax advice.  Please consult your 
legal or tax advisor concerning such matters. 
 
Orso’s investment process, risk managem ent process and portfolio parameters described in this summary are only the 
current processes and parameters.  Orso may update, modify or alter its investment process, risk management process 
and portfolio parameters at any time and without prior notice to investors.  In addition, this summary may contain forward-
looking statements, including observations about market, indus try and regulatory trends as of the date hereof.  Forward-
looking statements may be identified by, among other things, the use of words such as “exp ects,” “aims,” “can,” “may,” 
“will,” “should,” “targets,” “intends” or similar expressions.  Forward-looking statements reflect the views of Nathan 
Koppikar as of the date hereof with respect to possible futu re events.  Actual results co uld differ—perhaps materially—
from those in the forward-looking statements.  Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements.   
 
 
395 Oyster Point, Suite 511 | South San Francisco, California  94080 
Orso investment returns are estimated and shown net of hypothet ical fees and expenses that are illustrative of the fees 
and expenses that would be expected to be charged to a pr ivate investment vehicle sponsored or managed by Orso (a 
“fund”).   
 
 
Important Disclosures (continued) 
Actual fees and expenses charged to any fund may include addi tional expenses and be more or less than the estimated 
amounts. 
 
The information contained in this summary is confidential.  Distribution of this summary to any person other than the 
person to whom this information was originally delivered and their adviser is unauthorized.  Any reproduction of this 
summary, in whole or in part, or the disclosure of any of the information herein, without prior consent of Orso is prohibited. 
 
The performance of any investments discussed in this document  is not necessarily indicative of future performance, and 
you should not assume that investments in the future will be profitable or will equal the performance of past investments. 
Investors should consider the content of this document in conjunction with quarterly reports, financial statements, and other 
disclosures regarding the valuations and performance of the specific investments discussed herein. Unless otherwise noted, 
performance is unaudited. 
 
Certain information contained herein has been obtained from third-party sources. Although Orso believes the information 
from such sources to be reliable, Orso makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. 
 
Any discussion of any index is for illustrative purposes only.
 The S&P 500 Total Return Index is calculated by S&P based 
on the price changes and reinvested dividends of the S& P 500. The Russell 2000® Index (“the Index”) measures the 
performance of the smallest 2,000 companies in the Russell 3000 Index which comprises the 3,000 largest U.S. companies 
in terms of market capitalization. We depict the inverse of index returns to make it easier to compare the returns. Unlike 
the accounts or funds that are or may be sponsored or managed by Orso, which are or would be actively managed, subject 
to fees and expenses, and periodically in possession of a ca sh position, the Index is unmanaged, fully invested and its 
returns include the impact of dividends. The Index depicted may not represent an appropriate benchmark for the accounts 
or funds that are or may be sponsored or managed by Orso. Unlike the accounts or funds that are or may be sponsored 
or managed by Orso, which are or would be actively managed, subject to fees and expenses, and periodically in possession 
of a cash position, the Index is unmanaged, fully invested and its returns include the impact of dividends. The Index depicted 
may not represent an appropriate benchmark for the accounts or funds that are or may be sponsored or managed by 
Orso. Orso expects to sponsor or manage primarily short portfolios, which are not as diversified and may be more or less 
volatile than the Index.  Orso expects to disclose the inverse performance of the Index to better align with the results of a 
short portfolio. There may not be correlation between the pe rformance achieved by Orso and that of the inverse of the 
Index; however, Orso expects to receive an incentive fee for outperformance of a short portfolio versus the inverse of the 
Russell 2000 Index.
