D
uring my 31 years at Parnassus, I’ve experienced several periods when markets and 
humanity were tested at the same time—from the tragedy of 9/11 to the Iraq War 
in 2003 to the Global Financial Crisis and the uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic. I 
still remember coming up the elevators to our office after 9/11 when markets reopened 
following four days of closure. It was a moment that underscored both the gravity of the 
world around us and the responsibility we carry as investors. 
Each of these market tests reminded me that investing does not occur in isolation 
from the world around us. The current war involving Iran is another geopolitical shock; 
it is both deeply concerning from a human perspective and unsettling for markets. 
Experience has taught us that periods of crisis can lead investors to react with stress, 
anxiety and fear rather than discipline. While we care deeply about the human 
consequences of events like these, our responsibility, especially now, is to lean into 
our process with perseverance, resilience and courage as we reflect on navigating the 
geopolitical landscape. 
We have seen stress, anxiety and fear play out this year as the market reacts to sudden 
shifts in the narrative. One week, investors are focused on earnings and the pace of 
artificial intelligence adoption. The next week, the conversation shifts to escalating 
geopolitical tensions, oil prices and policy uncertainty. The thing about narratives is that 
sometimes they are based on facts, while other times they are fiction—or sometimes a 
combination of the two. 
As investors, we aim to sort the signal from the noise to understand which forces may 
affect the risk/reward profile of our portfolio companies. Stepping back from the day-to-
day volatility reveals a different underlying picture. 
What hasn’t changed since the beginning of the year is the foundation for our cautiously 
optimistic view of the S&P 500. The geopolitical backdrop has changed, and tensions 
have escalated. The conflict in the Middle East has brought about political uncertainty, 
supply-chain disruption and oil price spikes. As long as the conflict does not escalate 
further or extend in duration, we maintain a cautiously optimistic view based on the 
framework we had previously set. 
CIO Outlook: Playing the Long 
Game
CIO PERSPECTIVES
March 27, 2026
Todd Ahlsten
Chief Investment Officer,  
Portfolio Manager

2
CIO Perspectives   |   March 27, 2026
First, we continue to believe strongly in U.S. exceptionalism. The companies in the S&P 
500 have proven they can navigate extraordinary challenges—from the pandemic to 
inflation to geopolitical conflicts—while continuing to innovate and grow earnings.  
Second, the AI investment cycle continues to accelerate. Technology companies have 
been deploying enormous capital to build the infrastructure required for the next 
generation of computing. This investment wave remains one of the most important 
structural forces shaping the global economy. More on how AI has been developing in a 
minute. 
Third, the U.S. economy has remained steady. Even as GDP growth and the labor market 
have been slowing recently, they have continued to expand. As the war in Iran drives 
oil supply shocks, the price of oil has increased, putting upward pressure on inflation. 
This will negatively affect the bottom half of the “K-shaped” economy more than the 
top half. If this conflict drives the price of oil above $120 per barrel and is prolonged for 
more than 30 or 60 days, we expect it to have negative economic consequences. We are 
monitoring inflation as one of the largest risks, and we are also paying attention to the 
labor market. Yet, we have continued to observe the economy demonstrate resilience.
Fourth, liquidity is the lifeblood of the economy, and global liquidity remains a tailwind 
for the stock market.
What has changed are the market dynamics. Geopolitical risks have shifted the market 
from being driven by price multiple expansion toward once again being driven by 
earnings. The Middle East conflict has brought about political uncertainty, supply chain 
disruption and energy uncertainty. In this type of market environment, investors may be 
less willing to push valuations significantly higher in the near term. 
Valuations are driven by investor sentiment and narratives. In a multiple -driven market, 
almost any company can see its valuation rise if investor sentiment improves. But in an 
earnings-driven market, stock performance becomes more dependent on companies 
that can consistently grow profits and generate durable cash flows. Quality becomes 
even more important.
Since our focus is on owning quality stocks, that term deserves clarification. At 
Parnassus, quality investing means owning high-conviction stocks that can grow their 
earnings, intrinsic value and return on investment over the long term. Alpha and excess 
returns are generated when the trajectory of return on investment (ROI) and earnings 
growth is stronger and more durable than what the market has priced in.
AI Compute Intensity: From Infrastructure to Agentic Adoption
Alongside the geopolitical risks, the AI investment cycle remains an extremely 
durable and powerful force, accelerated by the rise of agentic AI, or systems capable 
of performing tasks autonomously. In addition to workloads generated by humans, 
autonomous agents can operate continuously. They can run 24 hours a day, seven days 
a week, executing tasks without interruption. This shift expands the AI economy from 
human scale computing to machine scale computing, further driving compute demand 
for the capacity that infrastructure providers are continuing to build. 
The recent viral adoption of OpenAI’s ChatGPT and Anthropic’s Claude, which are 
essentially personal AI agent platforms, shows that we may be on the cusp of an 
In an earnings 
driven market, stock 
performance becomes 
more dependent on 
companies that can 
consistently grow profits 
and generate durable 
cash flows. Quality 
becomes even more 
important.
3
CIO Perspectives   |   March 27, 2026
exponential boom in agentic AI adoption. This could drive a massive need for additional 
compute capacity and AI data centers.
We’ve already seen the rise in compute demand reflected in the capital expenditure 
commitments from the major hyperscalers. Alphabet (GOOGL), Amazon (AMZN), Meta 
(META) and Microsoft  (MSFT) have announced AI infrastructure spending plans totaling 
more than $650 billion this year. These are eye-popping numbers. But the market has 
begun to scrutinize the return on that investment. The recent pullback in mega cap tech 
and semiconductor stocks reflects stretched market expectations and growing scrutiny 
around AI monetization, capacity limits and financial leverage.
We think the scrutiny is reasonable, even as the underlying cycle continues, possibly 
elongated by supply constraints rather than curtailed. Power limits, memory shortages 
and clean-room capacity are all slowing the rate at which compute can actually be 
installed. Counterintuitively, those bottlenecks may extend the cycle well into 2028. 
We are monitoring several early-warning indicators for a slowdown: hyperscaler capital 
discipline, semiconductor utilization rates, wafer-fab equipment demand, scaling limits 
to frontier AI models and financing constraints.
The shift to agentic AI raises real questions about enterprise software disruption. Which 
workloads will be replaced by AI? Which ones will be enhanced? And which companies 
are embedded deeply enough to survive and adapt to the wave of agentic AI? We 
maintain conviction in Microsoft, Oracle (ORCL) and Salesforce (CRM). Microsoft has its 
relationship with OpenAI, its Azure and Office 365 entrenchment and the scale needed 
to remain a cornerstone of the AI era. Salesforce is deeply embedded in its customers’ 
data and workflows, thanks to its platform incumbency and an increasingly capable suite 
of AI agents. And Oracle’s position bridging legacy database and cloud infrastructure 
gives it durable relevance. 
The bar for software in our portfolio has simply gotten higher; we are focused on the 
most resilient franchises with the clearest AI tailwinds. We exited ServiceNow (NOW) 
and Workday (WDAY) not because we lost faith in the businesses, but because of 
concerns about earnings durability in an increasing AI agentic world. 
Signs of a Broadening Market
We have not made any event driven positioning shifts in response to recent 
developments. Instead, we continue to focus on diversified exposure to high quality 
businesses with durable competitive advantages and strong sustainability profiles. We 
continuously review our position sizes and valuations in response to evolving risk/reward 
opportunities, and we have not adjusted our exposures by adding Energy companies in 
response to short term performance pressure. 
Within the Tech sector, we continue to maintain exposure to businesses that sit at the 
center of the AI infrastructure buildout, including companies involved in semiconductor 
design and advanced computing platforms. Applied Materials  (AMAT), KLA (KLAC) 
and Synopsys (SNPS) are foundational to chip production and design and operate with 
durable pricing power. Nvidia (NVDA), Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) and Broadcom 
(AVGO) remain central to the silicon layer of the AI economy. These are wide-moat 
infrastructure positions that we believe are compounding into 2028 and beyond.
4
CIO Perspectives   |   March 27, 2026
At the same time, we are looking beyond the semiconductor ecosystem to companies 
that are less likely to be disrupted. We favor Industrial companies with physical assets 
and strong distribution networks. Companies such as Deere (DE), a leading agricultural 
equipment manufacturer; Grainger (GWW), a leading distributor of maintenance and 
repair supplies; and Ferguson (FERG), a leading distributor of plumbing, HVAC and 
building supplies. Linde (LIN), with its long-term take-or-pay agreements in industrial 
gases and hydrogen, is another example of a company we find to be durable and less 
likely to be disrupted.
The Healthcare Sector is another area we see as a beneficiary of AI productivity gains, 
and companies that are driving innovation are at the top of our list. Eli Lilly (LLY), 
Danaher (DHR), Thermo Fisher (TMO), Stryker (SYK) and Boston Scientific  (BSX) operate 
at the intersection of AI, robotics and life sciences. AI can improve clinical outcomes, 
accelerate drug discovery and enhance surgical precision. These innovations improve 
patient outcomes and quite literally save lives. 
We also favor retailers that have physical distribution, digital scale and the operational 
leverage that allows AI adoption to enhance, rather than threaten, their business 
models. Costco (COST) and Home Depot (HD) are using robotics and leveraging AI to 
help them run their businesses more efficiently. They combine physical distribution, 
online scale and the operational leverage that allows AI adoption to enhance rather 
than threaten their business models. In a world debating who will be disrupted, we think 
these companies are relatively insulated. 
Sustainable Growth and Governance
Across our portfolios, we aim to invest in businesses that can compound value over 
long periods of time in order to build wealth responsibly for our shareholders and 
clients. The market environment shifting toward earnings-driven growth over multiple 
expansion means the fundamentals should matter even more now. It takes strong 
leadership and governance practices to sustain business success over the long term. In 
tough times, strong leadership and oversight can determine whether a company adapts 
or fails. 
Governance plays an important role in how we evaluate the long-term durability of 
a business. We look for management teams and boards that allocate capital wisely, 
maintain strong oversight of risks and make decisions that strengthen the company’s 
competitive position over time. Ultimately, strong governance helps companies 
navigate uncertainty and compound value for shareholders across even the most 
challenging market cycles.  n
5
CIO Perspectives   |   March 27, 2026
PIL-906177-2026-03-24
Alpha: A measure of performance on a risk-adjusted basis. Alpha takes the volatility (price risk) of a fund and compares its risk-adjusted performance to a benchmark index. The excess return of the fund 
relative to the return of the benchmark is a fund’s alpha.
Price-to-Earnings Ratio (“P/E Ratio”): Current share price of a stock divided by its earnings per share. S&P 500® Index: (registered trademark of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.) is an unmanaged index 
of 500 common stocks primarily traded on the New York Stock Exchange, weighted by market capitalization. Index performance includes the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains. An individual 
cannot invest directly in an index. An index reflects no deductions for fees, expenses or taxes, but mutual fund returns do.
Performance data quoted represent past performance and are no guarantee of future returns. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data 
quoted. Current performance information to the most recent month end is available on the Parnassus website (www.parnassus.com). Investment return and principal 
value will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original principal cost.
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) GUIDELINES: The Fund evaluates ESG factors as part of the investment decision-making process, considering a range of impacts they may have on 
future revenues, expenses, assets, liabilities and overall risk. The Fund also utilizes active ownership to encourage more sustainable business policies and practices and greater ESG transparency. Active 
ownership strategies include proxy voting, dialogue with company management and sponsorship of shareholder resolutions, and public policy advocacy. There is no guarantee that the ESG strategy will be 
successful. There are no assurances the Funds will meet their investment objectives and or that their ESG strategies will be successful. 
Mutual fund investing involves risk, and loss of principal is possible. 
ETFs are subject to additional risks that do not apply to conventional mutual funds, including the risks that the market price of an ETF’s shares may trade at a premium or discount to its net asset value, an 
active secondary trading market may not develop or be maintained, or trading may be halted by the exchange in which they trade, which may impact an ETF’s ability to sell its shares. Shares of any ETF are 
bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the ETF. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. 
For the current holdings of the  Parnassus Core Equity Fund , the Parnassus Growth Equity Fund , the Parnassus Value Equity Fund , the Parnassus Mid Cap Fund , the Parnassus Mid Cap Growth Fund , the 
Parnassus International Equity Fund , the Parnassus Core Select ETF and the Parnassus Value Select ETF , please visit each fund’s individual holdings page. Fund holdings are subject to change at any time.
©2026 Parnassus Investments, LLC. PARNASSUS, PARNASSUS INVESTMENTS and PARNASSUS FUNDS are federally registered trademarks of Parnassus Investments, LLC. 
The Parnassus Funds are distributed by Parnassus Funds Distributor, LLC. 
Before investing, an investor should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of a fund and should carefully read the prospectus 
or summary prospectus, which contain this and other information. The prospectus or summary prospectus can be found on the website, www.parnassus.com, or 
by calling (800) 999-3505 for a mutual fund prospectus or (855) 514-4443 for an ETF prospectus.
To learn more visit  www.parnassus.com.
