STRICTLY PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL                                                            1 
   Pertento Partners Q1 2026 Letter   Class A (1) Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec YTD ITD 2026 5.95% 3.19% -3.66%          5.33% 81.23% 2025 3.10% 0.46% -0.24% 3.21% -0.48% 2.45% 0.53%  2.26%  1.65%   1.48% 0.84%  1.22%  17.71% 72.07% 2024 0.21% 4.05% 2.96% -1.16% 1.73% 2.25% -0.67% 1.51% 0.96% 2.56% 5.94% 0.16% 22.27% 46.18% 2023 2.23% 1.10% 2.32% -0.48% -6.99% 8.00% 1.79% 5.95% 1.63% -2.43% 6.58% 1.61% 22.43% 19.55% 2022 -4.06% -0.94% -7.55% -2.34% -0.49% -2.74% 2.24% 0.01% 1.67% 3.71% 4.76% 3.91% -2.54% -2.35% 2021 - - - - - - - - - - -5.97% 6.55% 0.19% 0.19%  Class B (2) Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec YTD ITD 2026 6.12% 3.29% -3.71%          5.54% 87.01% 2025 3.21% 0.50% -0.21% 3.32% -0.46% 2.54%  0.57% 2.34%  1.71%  1.54%  0.89%  1.28%  18.57% 77.20% 2024 0.25% 4.19% 3.07% -1.15% 1.80% 2.34% -0.65% 1.58% 1.02% 2.66% 6.11% 0.19% 23.34% 49.44% 2023 2.24% 1.09% 2.41% -0.45% -6.91% 8.00% 1.87% 6.14% 1.71% -2.45% 6.77% 1.69% 23.37% 21.17% 2022 -4.02% -0.90% -7.51% -2.30% -0.45% -2.70% 2.29% 0.05% 1.72% 3.75% 4.80% 3.95% -2.05% -1.79% 2021 - - - - - - - - - - -5.93% 6.58% 0.27% 0.27%  
 
Here’s to peace! (And those who get in the way of it)  Our fund held ground during another quarter marked by plot twists. We dodged a few bullets across software and private debt. Still, we were caught with a relatively large, long exposure to Europe and Asia at the start of “Operation Epic Fury”. We do not pretend to be foreign policy experts but must admit that our book carries an implicit bet that this conflict will be short-lived. As long-short investors, we try to be even-keeled about the realm of possibilities going forward. There is a world in which Hormuz remains shut, oil hits $200, and SK Hynix runs out of helium. There is another in which the market cheers some form of resolution across Iran, Venezuela, and perhaps even Ukraine and Cuba. We find it hard to attribute scenario probabilities when so much hinges on one mercurial personality. Precedent would suggest that Trump will be economically rational, but not before exhausting every other possibility.   As war rages on, mobilization continues on our home front. Pertento’s rearguard was reinforced this quarter with the arrival of Talitha Tomlison as Operations Analyst. She holds an undergraduate degree in history from Oxford University and began her professional career at OxFORD Asset Management. We also welcomed brother-in-arms Shalin Doshi as an Investment Analyst. Shalin completed his bachelor’s degree in biotechnology at IIT Madras and holds an MBA from Columbia. Prior to joining Pertento, he worked as an analyst at Gumshoe Capital and as an equity research associate at JP Morgan. Shout out to our good friends at Gumshoe for providing an awesome recommendation.  Thank you for your partnership and interest.   

STRICTLY PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL                                                            2 
Performance Review 
 
Pertento Master Fund Class A rose 5.3% this quarter while the S&P 500 declined 4.6%. Our long book detracted 
1.9% on its invested capital, which was more than offset by the short book’s 10.9% positive contribution. Biggest 
winners this quarter included SK Square (+163bps), US Foods (+152bps), and Silicon Motion (+141bps), while 
top losers were Cellebrite (-139bps), Nutex (-123bps), and Spie (-106bps). We remain long investors in these 
six stocks. 
 
It is not lost on us that Cellebrite is falling for the same AI “mind virus” that afflicts many of our shorts. We 
believe the market will eventually discern between software moats and that Cellebrite’s government contracts 
will prove to be durable. However, we reserve the right to be wrong here. If Mythos and SPUT models live up 
to their hype, even our optimism on AI may prove too conservative.  
 
We closed the quarter with 165% equity gross exposure and 17% net exposure. We added 6 long investments, 
including a relatively large position in Samsung Life profiled in our prior letter, and closed 6 other positions. The 
long book remains concentrated, with the top 10 positions representing 51.4% of capital. On the short side, we 
covered 22 names and added 25 new ones.  
 
Shaky ground 
 
“Our favorite holding period is forever.” – Warren Buffett 
 
“There is an old saying, dumb is forever.” – Charlie Munger 
 
Well, oracles, is your favorite holding period just dumb? This is the troubling question of our times. If there was 
one successful heuristic left for fundamental investors, it was the concept of time arbitrage. Own a fraction of a 
business that sports sustainable returns with competent stewards of capital and, eventually, its stock price return 
will trend close to its underlying return on invested capital. A whole generation of quality and growth investors, 
Pertento included, have been rewarded for chasing this model to ever higher valuation heights. Nowhere was 
this more evident than across the software sector, where we have learned to overlook current GAAP earnings 
and, instead, value a theoretical cashflow steady-state years into the future. The mathematical logic of such a 
long-term strategy is sound as long as the future remains what it used to be. Except, it does not. We believe 
the downturn in software valuations is the canary in the coalmine for a much broader questioning of the stability 
of business models in an age of technological disruption.  
 
In 1999, economists Jeremy Greenwood and Boyan Jovanovic published a controversial paper entitled The IT 
Revolution and the Stock Market1. They hypothesized that stock market valuations declined throughout the 1970s 
because “some firms – usually large or old – will cling to technologies that have lost their momentum”, while “it 
takes time for the innovator to add value to the stock market”. Their theory was supported by empirical 
evidence2 that suggested that the ratio of US market cap to GDP declined severely in the period from 1968 to 
1974, not because of high rates and oil shocks; rather, due to the dissemination of news around the personal 
computer. Anxiety about the future caused valuation de-rating before there was any manifestation of the effects 
of IT on the economy. As Robert Solow famously said, looking back at this period: “You can see the computer 
age everywhere but in the productivity statistics.” 
 
Greenwood and Jovanovic’s theory never rose to the popularity of the stagflation narrative to describe the 
1970s, but we believe it provides an adequate mental model to describe our current predicament. Valuations 
are correcting as investors come to terms with the inevitability of technological displacement. This time around, 
 
1 hƩps://www.nber.org/system/ﬁles/working_papers/w6931/w6931.pdf 
2 hƩps://www.nber.org/system/ﬁles/working_papers/w7684/w7684.pdf 
STRICTLY PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL                                                            3 
businesses that were prized as most resilient - either because of their high margins or their high returns on 
invested capital - are precisely the first to fall victim to this transformation.  
 
Creative destruction attained biblical proportions. Four horsemen are coming for the apocalypse of quality 
stocks. In the hopes of sparking a meme, we coined them as LAST for their acronym. First is famine, as Lilly’s 
GLP-1 revolution is breaking long-term demand trends for everything from alcohol to knee replacements. 
Second comes pestilence, as Anthropic spreads the “mind virus” of AI across management teams and investors. 
Then, the antichrist: Elon Musk rides a SpaceX rocket to claim ownership of aerospace, telecom, autonomy, 
robotics, and, of course, short-form social media. (Well, at least if he plans for a USD 2 trillion IPO with only 
USD 16 billion in revenue, he must soon attack every addressable market he can find!) Finally, war arrives in the 
shape of Tether, forcing a competitive spiral across the fee structure of financial institutions.   
 
Long term investors are now at a crossroads: they can either be quick to panic or claim that this too shall pass. 
“This time is different” is meant to be four dangerous words and “doing nothing” should usually be the hardest 
decision. While we agree that patience remains a virtue for traditional value investing, we find that there is very 
little margin of safety in the price of what, up until now, was deemed as quality across the knowledge economy. 
We err on the side of panic, not because we foresee an imminent crash, but because we predict death by a 
thousand cuts. If the IT Revolution’s hypothesis is correct, we expect the market to take a few more years to 
assimilate technology developments into price. Today we fuss about AI; tomorrow we will be talking about 
robots.   
 
One would think that the end of times would be a great environment for short selling, but most bears are 
missing the plot. The dark art attracts cynics and pessimists who are unlikely to drink the new age Kool-Aid. 
They obsess about the low adherence of GLP-1 drugs, the money laundering allegations around stablecoins, or 
about Elon’s false promises. They cling to the belief that hyperscaler capex generates no return even while 
Anthropic’s revenue zooms past USD 30bln3 in ARR.  
 
The horsemen are coming and we are rushing to adapt to a new investment paradigm. Some of our recent 
shorts are high margin businesses with clean balance sheets and honest management teams that just happen to 
be in the crosshairs of a new technology roadmap. Trading these narrative shifts requires a different muscle than 
our traditional frauds, fads, and failures. On the long side of the book, we have done well by tracking AI winners 
across both infrastructure and memory. However, we are not so pollyannaish as to believe that those industries 
are no longer cyclical. Even if AI demand is sustainable, eventually there will come a day of reckoning for these 
supply shortage stories. Our current challenge is to spot ordinary businesses that may obtain productivity gains 
while preserving their revenue base. We believe our positions in stocks with heavy SG&A and logistical costs - 
such as D’Ieteren, Primo Brands, or US Foods - may turn out to be new tech winners, or at least not losers! 
We are stress-testing our long book by imagining what the J-curve of technology change will look like in the 
coming years. Technology optimism has become the new form of stock market pessimism. 
 
Father and Son 
 
From atop their hotel suites in Seoul, tourists often can see the watchtowers surrounding the demilitarized 
border zone. South Korea has spent years developing a thriving defense sector, built around its industrial 
philosophy of low-cost production and fast-follower technology that we, foreign investors, have only come to 
appreciate now, in this time of war. Take, for example, Hanwha Aerospace, a USD 50 billion market cap 
corporation that, despite its name, books most of its revenue and earnings from the sale of land-based systems. 
Its flagship product, the K9, is a howitzer vehicle that can shoot 155mm artillery shells at a range of up to 80km. 
It also sells the Chunmoo, a multiple rocket launch system that is quickly making inroads across NATO 
 
3 hƩps://www.reuters.com/technology/arƟﬁcial-intelligence/openai-versus-anthropic-what-revenue-race-means-their-ipos-2026-04-
08/ 
STRICTLY PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL                                                            4 
countries. Hanwha Aerospace’s total bookings grew 17% in 2025 and we expect European and Middle Eastern 
demand to provide revenue visibility in the years to come. Backlog currently represents 4.3 years of trailing 
revenue. The stock price is up a whopping 450% since 2024, but it still trades for just 13x 2027 consensus 
EBITDA.   
 
As is par for the course in Korea, there is real spice to this story, but our palate for Korean investments is 
becoming adventurous. Hanwha Aerospace is part of the Hanwha chaebol with complex parts and controversial 
leadership. The scion to the group, Kim Seung-yon, has been arrested twice for assault and embezzlement. 
Together with his three sons, Kim holds controlling stakes across 12 listed companies.  
 
We see a few signs of improvement to corporate governance at Hanwha as part of a generational transition of 
power. In April 2025, Chairman Kim gifted half of his 22.6% stake in holding company Hanwha Corp to his 
children. In December, two sons sold part of their shares in another holding company to a private equity 
consortium. As a result of these transactions, the eldest son, Kim Dong-kwan, emerged as the largest economic 
holder of the group. He is 42 years old, Harvard-educated (of course), and sits as CEO of both Hanwha 
Aerospace and Hanwha Corp.  
 
We have recently built a long position in Hanwha Corp, where we hope to benefit from both the structural 
growth story at Aerospace and an improvement in the market’s risk perception of the group. We estimate that 
Hanwha Corp trades for a 67% discount to the sum of its parts, and its stake in Aerospace alone is worth 76% 
of its enterprise value. We hold low hopes that this discount will ever disappear completely, but an improvement 
to the Korean holding company average of 50% would be enough for its stock price to rise by 50%.  
 
Kim Dong-kwan is taking steps in the right direction to highlight the value of Hanwha Corp. The company 
submitted their Corporate Value Up plan this past March which included an immediate cancellation of 4.5 million 
treasury shares, a minimum common dividend of KRW 1,000 per share, a 2030 return on equity target of 12%, 
and a corporate spin-off of a portion of their non-defense subsidiaries4. This April, management announced that 
they are exploring the sale of other non-core assets to fund their portion of a rights issuance at subsidiary 
Hanwha Solutions. Eventually, the market should realize that the son is not his father. 
 
Gutsy Bet 
 
As we plumb through the depths of Korea's stock market, we are perplexed about how deep value can coexist 
alongside retail mania. We are short pharmaceutical company Sam Chun Dang, which for 80 years has run a 
small generic operation with modest operating profit. It now trades for 51x 2025 revenue and reached a market 
capitalization of over USD 8bln after announcing its intention to join the GLP-1 race. It is now the largest 
member of the Kosdaq and is covered by just one sell side analyst.  
 
Sam Chun Dang claims it has developed a digestive tract absorption technology called S-PASS that will allow the 
company to launch an oral semaglutide product without interfering with Novo Nordisk’s patent. Its technology 
credentials are presumably supported by three license agreements for the US, Japan, and Europe with extremely 
favorable royalty rates. This stock story has been propelled by retail investors, who trade Sam Chun Dang as 
Korea’s sole “play” on the GLP-1 theme.  
 
In our view, it does not take much scrutiny to realize that Sam Chun Dang’s stock promotion borders on fraud. 
In late March the company received an “unfaithful disclosure” designation by the Korean Stock Exchange.5 While 
its public filings contain few details, Korean journalists claim Sam Chun Dang’s management is providing 
 
4 hƩps://englishdart.fss.or.kr/dsbh001/main.do?rcpNo=20260324801671 
5 hƩps://dart.fss.or.kr/dsaf001/main.do?rcpNo=20260331904755 
STRICTLY PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL                                                            5 
misleading statements to investors about the regulatory pathway for this drug.6 We find it unlikely that the FDA 
will allow them to proceed classified as a generic instead of a new drug, as they claim. Sam Chun Dang is not 
currently sponsoring clinical trials. 
 
Even if S-PASS semaglutides does get approved, it can hardly justify Sam Chun Dang’s valuation. Novo holds 
patents on the active ingredient in Japan, Europe and the US until at least 2031, and on its oral formulation until 
2036. S-PASS would therefore have a window to sell an exclusive generic product from 2031 until 2036, provided 
that no other generic attempts to exploit this same loophole. Analysts covering Novo predict peak global sales 
for oral Wegovy of USD 7.5bln in 2031. Assume, for fun, that Sam Chun Dang launches at a 20% discount to 
Wegovy, captures 15% of the global market, and receives 60% of licensed revenue at 60% EBITDA margin. Sam 
Chun Dang would earn USD 324m in EBITDA, 6 years away, and that profit stream would last at most for 5 
years.  
 
CEO Chun In-seok perhaps agrees with our analysis. He registered to sell USD 170mm in stock in March but 
quickly retracted his filing after social media criticism7. This is not his first ride at biotech hype. He previously 
promoted a noninvasive glucose meter, an oral formulation for insulin, and, of course, an oral Covid vaccine 
using S-PASS. None of these products ever launched. This short thesis is not for the faint of heart, but we expect 
this stock to eventually follow the same pump and dump pattern.  
 
C’est la Vie 
 
We have had more than our fair share of good luck in this business, but sometimes we wonder whether there 
is a universal conspiracy against a few stocks. We added Accor SA as a long investment this January. The company 
is Europe’s leading hospitality group, with a network of 5,800 hotels and 850,000 rooms across 110 countries. 
Over the past decade, Accor has transformed from an asset-heavy owner/operator to an asset-light management 
and franchise business. European exposure has declined from ~85% to ~45%, while the luxury portfolio has 
expanded from 10% to 16% of rooms.  
 
Hotel management provides high returns on invested capital and has a long runway for consolidation. The 
industry is likely to benefit from AI, as agentic commerce will help large chains capture more direct bookings, 
therefore ceding less revenue to travel agents and websites. At 11x enterprise value to 2027 expected EBITDA, 
Accor trades at an average discount of 35% on EV/EBITDA when compared to the likes of Hilton, Marriot, 
Hyatt, and IHG. We believe it is the cheapest house in a good neighborhood because shareholders have been 
frustrated by management’s past record of capital deployment.  
 
Concurrent to the arrival of Parvus Capital as an activist investor in 2023, CEO Sebastien Bazin announced a 
long-term plan to return cash to shareholders. Accor intends to buy back 15% of its shares over the next two 
years, and the stock provides a 3% dividend yield. Parvus still holds an 11% stake and other strategic investors 
include Saudi Arabia’s Kingdom Holding Company and Qatar’s sovereign wealth fund. We would not be 
surprised if these groups would steer Accor towards an outright sale. 
 
Our investment case was meant to be plain vanilla, but reality had other plans. On February 28th – the very first 
day of the current Iran conflict – Accor-operated Fairmont The Palm was struck in Dubai by a kamikaze drone. 
Dubai has around 770 hotels and, to this day, the Fairmont has been the only property hit. We estimate that 
Accor operates 178 hotels in the Middle East, which represent 6.3% of the system’s room capacity. The attack 
has made Accor’s stock a barometer of sentiment to travel in the region, but the economic impact for the 
overall business should be more muted.  
 
 
6 hƩps://www.koreabiomed.com/news/arƟcleView.html?idxno=28375 
   hƩps://www.ebn.co.kr/news/arƟcleView.html?idxno=1704677 
7 hƩps://biz.chosun.com/en/en-science/2026/04/06/P4J47YMEWBDYPMLVNM3C6U3NGA/ 
STRICTLY PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL                                                            6 
When investing in French stocks, bad sentiment can always get worse. On March 19th, Grizzly Research published 
a coup-de-grace entitled: “Accor, Epstein, and Ukrainian Orphans: Our Investigation Into Child Trafficking.”8 
The authors attempted to book Accor hotel reservations through emails that described either the forcible 
transfer of orphans out of Ukraine or potential sex trafficking. The report placed sell-side analysts and the 
management team in the awkward position of having to provide a detailed defense while not condoning child 
abuse. The reputational damage could in fact be made worse if a response kept this story in the headlines. 
 
As short report afficionados, we are always interested in learning what raw data sits below the salacious 
headlines. In this case, Grizzly contacted 249 reservation desks over email, received 45 positive responses, and 
9 denials. 193 hotels ignored the request, which, in our view, is not a sign of CRM negligence but a passive denial. 
21 positive responses relate to Ukraine refugees but 18 of those came from Russia, where the government is 
clearly pushing for refugee adoption programs9. The most abhorrent evidence came from 24 positive replies to 
reservation requests with sex trafficking innuendos. These responses came from Southeast Asia, Africa, and 
China. Could it be that the Bangkok reservation center willfully ignored the language around “beautiful girls from 
Donetsk”? Yes, that is unfortunately likely. However, it is defamatory to extrapolate 24 observations into an 
Epstein-esque pedophile ring. Accor (and probably all hotels in these regions) should strengthen their compliance 
monitoring of customer touchpoints before check-in. We do not expect that this short report nor its 
subsequent internal investigation will have any impact on Accor’s reservation volume or cost structure.  
 
As the Arabic proverb goes: “the dogs bark, the caravan moves on”. Accor’s bad headlines shall pass and soon 
enough investors will be excited about its expansion potential in the Middle East. Is it too soon to hope for a 
Fairmont Tehran? Here’s to peace! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
8 hƩps://grizzlyreports.com/accor/ 
9 hƩps://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/how-moscow-takes-ukrainian-children-and-makes-them-russians 
STRICTLY PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL                                                            7 
Position and Exposure Data  
 
Performance Attribution (3) QTD YTD  Position Concentration  
Long  -2.0% -2.0%  Number of Longs 31 
Short  8.4% 8.4%  Number of Shorts 80 
      
Largest Three Long Positions by Name (% NAV)    Largest Three Short Positions by GICS Sector(% NAV)(4) 
US Foods Holding Corp. 8.3%  Financials 2.5% 
Spie Sa  6.4%  Industrials 1.9% 
D'Ieteren Group  6.2%  Financials 1.9% 
      
Q1 Exposure (% NAV)(5) Opening Closing    
Long 96.0% 90.7%    
Short 73.2% 73.8%    
Net 22.8% 16.9%    
Gross 169.2% 164.5%    
Disclaimer & Footnotes  
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results.  
These estimated returns have been prepared on behalf of Pertento Partners LLP ("Pertento"). Pertento is 
authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority with FRN 949804. Pertento 
may provide you with further data or material but makes no representation that such further data or material 
will be calculated or produced on the same basis, or in the same format, as this material. Reasonable skill and 
care was used in the preparation of these estimates but Pertento gives no warranties, representations or 
undertakings, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of this information, and Pertento accepts 
no liability for the accuracy or completeness of any such information. These estimates are not audited. This 
material has been provided specifically for the use of the intended recipient only and must be treated as 
proprietary and confidential. It may not be passed on, nor reproduced in any form, in whole or in part, under 
any circumstances without express written consent from Pertento.  
In the Performance Update section of this document, all returns quoted for Pertento Master Fund are gross of 
Management, Performance and all other costs and expenses unless otherwise stated. 
Note (1) relates to Class A Series 1 of the Pertento Fund Limited and is net of Management and Performance 
Fees as set out in the relevant Offering Documents (see over)  
Note (2) relates to Class B Series 1 of the Pertento Fund Limited and is net of Management and Performance 
Fees as set out in the relevant Offering Documents (see over)  
Note (3) performance attribution based on gross daily weighted return not including management, performance 
and other fees  
Note (4) for our Quarterly Letters up to and including Q3 2024, Pertento used custom groupings splitting 
sector exposure between Technology, Consumer, Healthcare and Other. In the interests of additional 
transparency, this table now reflects sector exposure according to GICS classification and we provide additional 
exposure details on a wider number of sectors, From time-to-time, Pertento may override a GICS sector 
classification where it feels this does not properly reflect the true nature of the exposure. This table does not 
include exposure arising from CDS positions, ETF positions and options on indices 
Note (5) this table does not include CDS exposure 
Contact Information 
          Dara Heller                           ir@pertento.com 
                                                                                          Head of IR                       +44 (0)20 7173 1053 
STRICTLY PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL                                                            8 
Important Information 
This document and the information contained in it relate to Pertento Master Fund Limited (“the Master Fund”), 
Pertento Fund Limited and Pertento US LP (the “Feeder Funds”) (together the “Funds”) and is being 
communicated by Pertento Partners LLP (“Pertento”). Pertento is authorised and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority (“FCA”) in the United Kingdom with Firm Reference Number 949804.  
This material is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to 
subscribe for or purchase any of the products or services mentioned nor is it intended to constitute, or be 
construed as, investment advice. Any such offer may only be made by means of delivery of the relevant approved 
Prospectus or Confidential Private Offering Memorandum of the Feeder Funds (the "Offering Documents"). The 
Offering Documents must be received and reviewed prior to any investment decision. The material provided is 
not intended to provide a sufficient basis on which to make an investment decision. Potential investors in the 
Funds referred to in this material or to which this material relates should seek their own independent financial, 
legal and taxation advice.  
The Feeder Funds are only available to persons to whom such products may lawfully be promoted in any 
jurisdiction. Interests in the Funds have not been and will not be registered under any securities laws of the 
United States of America or any of its territories or possessions or areas subject to its jurisdiction, and may not 
be offered for sale or sold to nationals or residents thereof except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and any applicable 
state laws. This material is only provided to United States persons that are "accredited investors" as defined in 
Regulation D under the Securities Act and "qualified purchasers" as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act 
of 1940, as amended (the "Company Act"), and the rules promulgated thereunder. In the United Kingdom, this 
material is issued only to and/or directed only at Professional Clients and Eligible Counterparties (as defined in 
the FCA's Handbook of Rules and Guidance (the "FCA Rules")). Any Feeder Funds and services described in 
this material are only available to such persons and the information herein should not be relied or acted on by 
any other person. Moreover, any investment or service to which this material may relate is not intended for 
Retail Clients and will not be made available to Retail Clients. Pertento does not provide investment advice to 
investors or potential investors in any of the Feeder Funds.  
An investment in the Feeder Funds is speculative and involves a high degree of risk, which each investor must 
carefully consider. Pertento and its affiliates give no representations, warranties or undertakings that any 
indicative performance or return will be achieved in the future or that the investment objectives and policies 
from time to time of the Funds will be met. Past results are not indicative of future results. The value of 
investments and the income therefrom can go down as well as up, and an investor could lose all or a substantial 
amount of his or her investment. While the Funds are subject to market risks common to other types of 
investments, including market volatility, the Funds employ certain trading techniques, such as the use of leverage 
and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment loss. The Feeder Funds' 
managers will receive performance-based compensation. Such compensation may give such managers an 
incentive to make riskier investments than they otherwise would. The Feeder Fund’s managers are subject to 
other conflicts of interest described in the applicable Prospectus. Investments in the Funds are subject to 
periodic liquidity, which may be suspended under certain conditions, as well as restrictions on transfer. There 
is no secondary market for interests in the Feeder Funds, and none is expected to develop. Therefore, any 
person subscribing for an investment must be able to bear the risks involved and must meet the suitability 
requirements set forth in the relevant Feeder Fund's Offering Documents. Some or all alternative investment 
STRICTLY PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL                                                            9 
programs may not be suitable for certain investors. Returns generated from an investment in a Feeder Fund 
may not adequately compensate investors for the business and financial risks assumed.  
 Certain member states of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) have implemented the EU Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/61/EU) (“AIFMD”). The Funds will only be offered in a member state 
to the extent that the Funds: (i) are permitted to be marketed into the relevant member state pursuant to 
Article 36 of the AIFMD (as implemented into local law); or (ii) can otherwise be lawfully offered or sold 
(including at the initiative of investors).  
 
Pertento is the alternative investment fund manager (“AIFM”) to the Master Fund and to the Feeder Funds for 
the purposes of the AIFMD Rules (as defined below) and is authorised by the FCA to perform the regulated 
activity of managing an AIF (as defined in the AIFMD Rules).  
The “AIFMD Rules” means the provisions of: (i) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 231/2013 
supplementing Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers (“AIFMD”) with regard to exemptions, general operating conditions, 
depositaries, leverage, transparency and supervision, (ii) the provisions of the FCA rules and any other applicable 
regulations implementing AIFMD, including where applicable those in any other EEA member states, in each case 
as may be altered, amended, added to or cancelled from time to time and (iii) the Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers Regulations 2013 of the United Kingdom.  
The FCA has a policy requiring the disclosure of material terms of side letters issued by hedge funds. The FCA’s 
policy applies to hedge funds that are managed or advised by an entity that is authorised and regulated by the 
FCA. The Investment Manager to the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds is Pertento. In the light of the FCA’s 
policy, the Directors of the Funds advise you of the existence of side letters entered into by the Funds and 
confirm that such side letters do not grant the holders materially advantageous terms.  
Pertento will not be liable for any inaccuracies, errors or omissions in the material or in the transmission or 
delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damage arising from any of the foregoing.  
Any companies referenced in this document are not necessarily indicative of current or future 
exposures/positions. These exposures/positions are only representative as of the date identified. Due to market 
conditions, these exposures/positions will fluctuate. They do not represent the future exposures/positions that 
the Strategy and the Fund may have. Exposures/positions are evaluated and subject to change. References to 
specific companies should not be considered a recommendation to purchase or sell a particular security and 
there is no assurance, as of the date of publication, that the securities referenced are held by the Fund or that 
securities sold have not been re-purchased. Additionally, it is noted that the securities referenced do not 
represent all of the securities purchased, sold during the period referenced, and there is no guarantee as to the 
future profitability of any of the securities identified and discussed herein. Pertento maintains long and short 
positions in the issuers referred to herein, or in related futures or options: and may purchase or sell, or engage 
in any other transaction involving such securities.  The comments, opinions and estimates contained herein are 
based on or derived from publicly available information from sources that we believe to be reliable. We do not 
guarantee their accuracy. This is for informational purposes only and sets forth our views as of this date. The 
underlying assumption and these views are subject to change without notice.
