www.pluralinvesting.com | chris.waller@pluralinvesting.com |  1 
   PLURAL INVESTING LLC   Fund (Gross) Fund   (Net) MSCI World Russell 2000 MSCI EAFE Small Cap FTSE AIM All-Share 20201 122.9% 98.0% 46.8% 72.9% 55.0% 87.8% 2021 38.7% 30.4% 21.8% 14.8% 10.1% 5.0% 2022 -32.0% -32.4% -18.1% -20.4% -21.4% -38.0% 2023 -5.5% -6.3% 23.8% 16.1% 13.2% -1.5% 2024 9.2% 8.0% 18.7% 11.5% 1.8% -5.5% 2025 0.8% -0.2% 21.1% 12.8% 31.8% 16.8% 2026 -11.4% -11.6% -3.6% 0.9% -1.3% -7.9% Annualized 11.7% 7.6% 16.6% 15.1% 12.4% 3.4%  
Note: All indices are total return and measured in US dollars. 1Results for 2020 represent the total return of the Fund and Comparative Indexes from the inception date of the Fund on April 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020.   April 28, 2026  To our Partners:  The Fund1 delivered a net return of -11.6% in Q1. Please refer to your individual statements for exact performance as returns will vary by fund, class, and timing of investment. Our goal is to deliver returns over a five-year period significantly above that of global markets.   We are value investors. We invest in businesses that we believe are worth substantially more than the price they are trading at. We think of risk primarily as the chance of a loss over a five-year horizon and not the temporary drawdowns in stock prices that occur from time to time. We manage this risk by only investing in businesses trading at a substantial discount to a conservatively calculated intrinsic value and that we would be happy to own if the market shut for five years. We welcome stock price volatility as it often presents opportunities to invest further at even better prices. When such opportunities cannot be found we hold cash instead.  Most of our capital is allocated to our six to eight best investments. We look for businesses with attractive economics and management teams who possess and foster a culture of high integrity, customer focus, and prudent capital allocation. Our businesses may be ‘hidden gems’ because they are small, receive little coverage, listed on under-researched exchanges, operating in unpopular industries, or offer terrific opportunities beyond short-term concerns. We develop a research edge by doing extensive primary research. This edge can be significant when we are competing mostly against individual investors or the small positions of larger institutions, which is why we deliberately fish in those waters.   A one-page appendix entitled “Principles of Our Partnership” is attached to this letter. This should give you an idea of what you can and cannot expect from our partnership. ------------   1 Plural Partners Fund, LP and Plural Partners Fund Offshore are referred to collectively herein as the “Fund”. 

 
www.pluralinvesting.com | chris.waller@pluralinvesting.com |  2 
 We estimate that our portfolio on a look-through basis trades for 7.8x FCF in three years’ time and will still be growing at low double-digit rates then. Our businesses have strong balance sheets with typically little or no net debt, earn an average post-tax return on capital of 23%, and are run by well-aligned management teams with an average insider ownership of 9%.  We estimate that our companies on average trade for just 40% of their intrinsic value in three years’ time. That is a discount similar to what we saw in April 2020, as we take advantage of the volatility created by conflict in the Middle East.  Below, we profile Judges Scientific, which has a two-decade record of delivering 20% returns on acquisitions of high quality and niche scientific instrument businesses. Judges has no material exposure to the Middle East or oil prices, yet the stock is illiquid and sold down with UK small caps in the quarter, making it the fund’s biggest detractor. These factors overshadowed the more important good news around US funding for science budgets in January. We roughly doubled our position as a result.  We also discuss a new investment in Douglas Dynamics, a professional snowplow manufacturer with 50% market share in the US and Canada. The company is a good business that has suffered from two particularly bad winters that caused it to under-earn, but we believe that is about to reverse.  The one business in our portfolio that is directly impacted by higher oil prices is Jet2, the UK’s leading package holiday travel business. We expect profitability this summer to be substantially reduced, but as we've written before, Jet2's intrinsic value is not determined by any one summer. However, our experience having been shareholders for over a decade is that investors tend to greatly overreact to one summer’s prospects, and we believe this is one of those occasions. We continue to believe that Jet2 trades on 5x mid-cycle P/E for a business with a huge net cash balance sheet, high-single-digit to low-double-digit growth prospects, the best competitive position and management in the industry, and a large buyback.  
  ------------  Douglas Dynamics (PLOW)  Douglas Dynamics ('PLOW') is a good business that has suffered from a cyclical downturn which is now reversing. The company is the dominant manufacturer of professional snowplows and de-icing equipment in the U.S. and Canada, with over 50% market share. The stock trades on 18x EV/FCF on a trailing basis, but the company has been significantly under-
% of Net Assets by Business Type:
Industrials 32%
Consumer 31%
Travel 17%
Telecom 14%
Real Estate 6%
Others -3%
Cash 3%
100%
Portfolio Statistics:
Net Exposure 97%
Long Exposure 105%
Short Exposure -8%
Portfolio Allocation
 
www.pluralinvesting.com | chris.waller@pluralinvesting.com |  3 
earning because of well below average snowfall until recently. We estimate the stock trades on 12x mid-cycle FCF, and that the strong recent winter season is acting as a catalyst to bring earnings back to normal. We first bought shares earlier this year around $37, it now trades for $46, and we think intrinsic value in three years is almost double today’s price. A 30-page writeup is available here.  PLOW and its main competitor BOSS control most of the snowplow market, which results in orderly competition and no price wars. The company’s scale gives it the largest dealer network, which is key as dealers act as the gatekeepers to the industry. The density of the network means PLOW's dealers are often closest to snowplow contractors, which allows them to provide spare parts and repairs quickly during snowstorms. This is usually the main reason contractors pick a brand, and those contractors rarely switch brands afterwards.   Despite this dominance, the stock sold down after the winters of 2023/24 and 2024/25 were the 2nd and 6th worst years since the 1980s. Snowfall tends to be stable over long periods of time but obviously fluctuates significantly from year to year which investors tend to overreact to.  The reverse is likely to happen this year. We collected data from 54 weather stations in PLOW's key cities and interviewed dozens of dealers and smaller OEMs. Many sold out this winter for the first time in years, and our analysis of the industry's replacement cycle suggests there is substantial pent-up demand that is now returning. We believe 2026 will see PLOW return to its underlying earnings power and possibly overshoot to the upside. Our estimate for EBIT this year is 32% above consensus estimates.  The company usually starts the year guiding conservatively because winter has not ended and it does not know what orders will be. Contractors typically place orders in the summer once the winter season is over, and so we expect strong orders from Q2 onwards will act as catalysts for investors to re-evaluate the company’s earnings power.  We see limited risk to an investment today. Even if we are wrong and FCF does not grow at all, the stock at 18x trailing FCF trades in line with its historic average multiple.  Judges Scientific (JDG.L)  Judges Scientific is another great business that is recovering from a temporary slowdown. The company is a serial acquirer of niche scientific instrument businesses in the UK and has delivered 20% returns on incremental capital and similar shareholder returns for two decades. Founder David Cicurel remains Chairman and is someone with high integrity and excellent capital allocation skills who owns about 9% of the company. Despite this, earnings have declined heavily over the last 12 months because of uncertainty over scientific funding for US colleges. The stock trades at an optically high 25x EV/FCF as a result, but we believe that translates to just 13x underlying earnings power. We think Judges will continue making acquisitions at 20% returns, which when combined with an earnings rebound leads to an IRR well above 20%. Our cost basis is around £60/shr and the stock trades for £47/shr today.  For 20 years, Judges has paid an average of just 5x EBIT to acquire leaders in scientific niches that typically face little competition, have significant pricing power, and grow an average of 8% p.a. Examples of products sold include vacuum chambers and ultra-low temperature cooling systems. Founders sell for lower multiples to Judges instead of private equity because Judges takes a hands-off approach post-acquisition with no cost cuts, very limited integration, and no debt loaded onto the business.   Despite these qualities, many of these businesses’ customers are US colleges that have faced great uncertainty over cuts to scientific funding over the last 12 months. President Trump, for 
 
www.pluralinvesting.com | chris.waller@pluralinvesting.com |  4 
example, had proposed a cut of 40% to the National Institute of Health’s budget. That uncertainty has led many colleges to pause capex for the expensive instruments Judges sells.   We believe that pause is beginning to end. In January, Congress passed a budget that slightly increases the National Institute of Health’s budget and was supportive of science funding more broadly. While there continue to be hurdles to overcome for that funding to reach scientists, several scientific instrument companies are beginning to see funding translate into improved conversations with and orders from clients.  We believe that nothing is fundamentally broken at Judges, and that the last 12 months have been a blip, albeit severe, in an otherwise stellar 20-year track record that will resume shortly. EPS has declined from an average of £3.4 between 2022-24 to £2.25 at the mid-point of guidance for this year and the stock has declined from a peak of £120 to just £47. We believe the rebound is now beginning and that Judges continues to have a long runway ahead of it.  ------------  Macro volatility periodically marks down small caps regardless of the fundamentals of the businesses, and recent weeks have been a clear example. Your patience allows us to take advantage of opportunities when that happens. The recovery since quarter-end has been significant, but we think it is only the beginning of these businesses' intrinsic values being more fully reflected in their prices.  Many of our partners came to us through recommendations. If you know someone who might share our long-term value approach and benefit from our insights and from investing in the fund, please feel free to connect us. You can reach me at chris.waller@pluralinvesting.com.  The dial-in details for our quarterly call are attached on the next page.   Best Regards,   
  Chris Waller Portfolio Manager 
 
 

 
www.pluralinvesting.com | chris.waller@pluralinvesting.com |  5 
Dial-In Details for Quarterly Call  Time: Tuesday May 12 at 10am Eastern Time / 3pm UK Time  Join Zoom Meeting https://us06web.zoom.us/j/83714050226?pwd=lOWN0ZxM7Y6WqqScEazHZt6byK9qLs.1  Meeting ID: 837 1405 0226 Passcode: 690638  Join instructions https://us06web.zoom.us/meetings/83714050226/invitations?signature=sZ2bjcIEqAoQTtN_XsleYcPnVLncg18K5cTrfNqypQc     
 
www.pluralinvesting.com | chris.waller@pluralinvesting.com |  6 
Principles of Our Partnership  I take the trust you place in me very seriously and view this as a partnership. These principles are inspired by a similar letter Warren Buffett wrote in 1962 to his partners at the beginning of their partnership. They are my attempt to be up-front about what I can and cannot promise you, and what I ask from you in return:  1. Success for the fund in five years’ time is delivering a substantially higher return than global stock market indices, rather than how many clients or assets are under management. The investment approach and my time are allocated accordingly. 2. I cannot guarantee that the fund will achieve this success. However, I can promise that the vast majority of my liquid net worth will be invested alongside you. 3. The fund will only invest in businesses that I estimate are worth substantially more than the price they are trading at. 4. The fund will only invest in businesses that I would be comfortable owning if the stock market were to shut for the next five years and we had to hold on. 5. I will view the risk of each investment as the chance we lose money over that five-year period and not the volatility or beta of the stock price in the meantime. Indeed, I can promise you that the price of our investments will decline 20% from time to time. 6. I will judge the returns of the fund over five-year periods. 7. Nobody gets every investment decision right. I will be up-front about mistakes made.   
What I ask from you: 1. You should only invest an amount where your sleep will be completely unaffected when the fund has a 20% drawdown. This may mean the right decision is not to invest at all. 2. While I would like you to also judge the performance of the fund over a five-year period, three years is the absolute minimum required. I would strongly counsel against reading much into quarterly results as prices are often driven by emotions in the short run. Our patience is essential if we are to let the volatility of prices serve us rather than guide us.  
Yours sincerely,  
  Chris Waller Portfolio Manager   
 
 

 
www.pluralinvesting.com | chris.waller@pluralinvesting.com |  7 
Important Disclosures  This material does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase an interest in Plural Partners Fund LP, Plural Partners Fund Offshore (collectively herein as the “Fund"), or any related vehicle. Any such offer will only be made via a confidential private placement memorandum. An investment in the Fund is speculative and is subject to a risk of loss, including a risk of loss of principal. There is no secondary market for interests in the Fund and none is expected to develop. No assurance can be given that the Fund will achieve its objective or that an investor will receive a return of all or part of its investment. This material is confidential and may not be distributed or reproduced in whole or in part without the express written consent of Plural Investing LLC (the “Adviser”).  The performance results shown and discussed herein represent the performance of the U.S. limited partnership Plural Partners Fund LP, a vehicle managed by the principal of the Adviser (the “Principal”). Plural Partners Fund LP (the “Master Fund”) began trading on April 1, 2020 and Plural Partners Fund Offshore (the “Feeder Fund”) began trading on June 1, 2025. The Feeder Fund invests substantially all of its assets in the Master Fund. Results for the Feeder Fund may differ modestly due to its expense profile and launch date.   “Gross” results shown reflect the deduction of transaction costs actually incurred but are before management fees or incentive allocation were incurred. “Net” results (i) are representative of a “Day 1” investor in Plural Partners Fund LP, (ii) assumes a management fee of 1.0%, (iii) assumes a 20% annual Incentive Allocation subject to a loss carry forward, high water mark, and 6% annual and compounding hurdle, and (iv) is presented net of all expenses.   Effective as of June 1, 2025 the Fund adopted a 6% per-annum, compounded hurdle rate (the “Hurdle Rate”) for purposes of determining the Incentive Allocation. Net performance figures for periods prior to that date have been recalculated on a look-back basis to give effect to the Hurdle Rate. Each Limited Partner whose Capital Account was in existence before June 1, 2025 now carries a Loss Carry-Forward equal to any shortfall between such Partner’s historical net returns and the cumulative Hurdle Rate, and no Incentive Allocation will be assessed with respect to that Partner until the shortfall has been fully recovered, thereby placing the Partner in the same economic position as if the Hurdle Rate had applied from the inception of its investment. Performance information contained in investor reports distributed contemporaneously with earlier periods may therefore differ from the net returns presented herein.  Results are compared to the performance of the MSCI World Net Return Index, the Russell 2000 Net Return Index, MSCI EAFE Small Cap Net Return Index, FTSE AIM All-Share Index, or similar indexes (collectively, the “Comparative Indexes”) for informational purposes only. All Comparative Indexes are denominated in US dollars. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future trading results. The Fund’s investment program does not mirror the Comparative Indexes, and the volatility of the Fund’s investment program may be materially different from the volatility of the Comparative Indexes. The securities or other instruments included in the Comparative Indexes are not necessarily included in the Fund’s investment program and criteria for inclusion in the Comparative Indexes are different from those for investment by the Fund.  The positions presented and discussed herein represent investments in the Fund as of the date listed. These positions are presented for informational purposes only to demonstrate a portfolio allocation of the Principal as of a recent date. Results of large “contributors” and “detractors” to the Fund’s returns are also included for informational purposes only. No representation is being made that the Fund will or is likely to hold the same or equivalent positions or allocations in the future.  Certain information contained in this presentation is derived from sources believed to be reliable. However, the Adviser does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of such information and assumes no liability for any resulting damages.  Due to the ever-changing nature of markets, the deductions, interrelationships, and conclusions drawn from historical data may not hold true in the future.  This material contains certain forward-looking statements and projections regarding market trends, Fund allocation, and investment strategy. These projections are included for illustrative purposes only, are inherently speculative as they relate to future events, and may not be realized as described.  These forward-looking statements will not necessarily be updated in the future.   PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS.
