PO Box 4017  •  Ketchum, ID 83340  •  PH: 650-776-1190  •  www.pinyonpinecapital.com 
04/02/2026 
 
War-Driven Volatility and Emerging Opportunities 
 
First Quarter Representative Account Letter: 
 
 Q1 2026 
Cumulative 
Annualized 
Returns1 
 
Cumulative 
Returns1 
 
Long-Only 
Net Returns +0.13% +9.97% +316.23% 
HCLO  
Net Returns +0.23% +10.21% +170.82% 
1 Long-Only cumulative returns starting 04/01/2011. HCLO cumulative returns starting 01/01/2016. 
 
 
Q1 2026 Overview 
 
Pinyon Pine Capital’s (PPC’s) two primary strategies recorded small gains in the first 
quarter (Q1). Our long-only product increased by +0.13% net, and our highly 
concentrated long-only (HCLO) vehicle advanced +0.23% net. Our benchmark, the total 
return (including reinvestment of dividends) of the Russell 3000 Value Index (R3VTR), 
gained +2.23% for the quarter. 
 
We trailed our benchmark because the R3VTR is overweight in energy (oil and gas). PPC 
does not have exposure to this segment. Energy companies are cyclical, commodity-
based businesses and not consistent free cash flow (FCF) generating operations. Our 
results compared favorably to the broader indices such as the S&P 500, which declined 
-4.33% and remains heavily exposed to mega-capitalization (cap) technology companies 
that performed poorly in Q1. 
 
Performance in the first two months of the year was solid. Most of our portfolio 
companies reported strong quarterly results, and we benefited from a broadening in 
market leadership and a rotation away from mega-cap technology into other areas of 
the market. Conditions deteriorated in March following the onset of the war in Iran and 
the associated uncertainty regarding its potential economic impact. Our portfolio 
declined alongside much of the broader market during this period. 
 
 
  
 
 
 
PO Box 4017  •  Ketchum, ID 83340  •  PH: 650-776-1190  •  www.pinyonpinecapital.com 
One segment of the market that performed well in Q1 was dividend-paying equities. 
PPC’s dividend strategy, which consists of a subset of our long-only holdings, generally 
those with the highest dividend yields, generated strong results with client net returns 
ranging from +8.76% to +8.88%. 
 
The current environment feels somewhat reminiscent of last year, when a strong start to 
the year was interrupted by tariff-related volatility. As was the case then, we think the 
current disruption is likely to prove temporary. We anticipate that once geopolitical 
tensions subside, investor focus will return to company fundamentals and economic 
conditions. We believe the recent market pullback presents a compelling opportunity to 
add capital. 
 
Q1 Performance Review 
 
The largest contributors to Q1 performance in our long-only strategy were MKS (MKSI), 
Nextpower (NXT), and Regal Rexnord Corporation (RRX), with stock price advances of 
+44%, +38%, and +33%, respectively. Forward Air Corporation (FWRD), ICON plc (ICLR), 
and Check Point Software Technologies (CHKP) detracted the most from quarterly 
performance, with price declines of -33%, -39%, and -23%, in turn. 
 
Follow-up from Q4 2025 Letter 
 
In our prior quarterly letter (Q4 2025), we highlighted three of our existing positions that 
we felt were especially exciting opportunities: F5 (FFIV), RRX, and Huntsman 
Corporation (HUN). It was gratifying to see all three generate strong Q1 returns of +13%, 
+33%, and +33%, correspondingly. We look forward to monitoring their progress in 2026.  
 
Q1 Long-Only Portfolio Changes 
 
We did not establish any new positions during the quarter. However, we actively 
managed our portfolio by trimming several positions and adding to select holdings. We 
increased our exposure to certain software companies, including Paycom Software 
(PAYC) and Salesforce (CRM), where we believe valuations have become especially 
compelling. 
 
Within our HCLO strategy, we also made several adjustments, including substituting 
CRM for SS&C Technologies Holdings (SSNC), and increasing our position in PAYC. 
 
More broadly, we are encouraged by the opportunity set emerging from the recent 
market decline. Our quarterly screening process has identified several attractive new 
ideas, and we expect to initiate one or two new positions in the near term.  
 
 
  
 
 
 
PO Box 4017  •  Ketchum, ID 83340  •  PH: 650-776-1190  •  www.pinyonpinecapital.com 
Software Dislocation and PAYC 
 
Many software companies are currently trading at some of the lowest valuation multiples 
we have observed in our investment careers. This dislocation appears to be driven by 
concerns surrounding artificial intelligence (AI), which we believe are overstated. 
 
PAYC exemplifies this mispricing. The company is a payroll and human capital 
management software provider that we believe is best positioned within its sector due 
to its highly automated solutions. These include Beti, which allows employees to manage 
their own payroll and can reduce payroll processing labor by up to 90%, and IWant, a 
command-driven AI engine embedded within the platform. 
 
PAYC only has approximately 5% penetration of its total addressable market. We 
estimate the company can grow revenue high single digits over time while maintaining 
strong profitability. PAYC has a net cash balance sheet and EBITDA margins exceeding 
40%. 
 
Despite these attractive characteristics, the company is trading at approximately 5.4 
times enterprise value (EV) to EBITDA and 9 times FCF based on our 2027 estimates. In 
addition, management has been aggressively repurchasing shares, reducing shares 
outstanding by roughly 7% since the start of 2023, with $1.1 billion remaining under its 
current authorization at year-end 2025. 
 
We believe PAYC represents a high-quality business trading at a deeply discounted 
valuation. 
 
ICLR Opportunity 
 
We are also closely monitoring our holding in ICLR, the clinical research organization that 
helps pharmaceutical, biotech, and medical device companies run clinical trials. The 
stock declined significantly following the company’s February 12 announcement that it 
is reviewing its accounting practices and internal controls related to revenue recognition 
for fiscal years 2023 and 2024. 
 
Preliminary indications suggest that revenue may have been overstated by less than 2%, 
which we believe is likely to prove immaterial. However, we are awaiting further clarity 
before increasing our position size. 
 
ICLR is currently trading at what we consider a historically low valuation of about 6.8 
times EV/EBITDA and 9 times FCF according to our 2026 estimates. We believe this 
represents a compelling opportunity, contingent on confirmation that the accounting 
review does not reveal more significant issues. 
 
  
 
 
 
PO Box 4017  •  Ketchum, ID 83340  •  PH: 650-776-1190  •  www.pinyonpinecapital.com 
Concluding Thoughts 
 
We remain enthusiastic about our portfolio and believe we own a robust and well-
balanced collection of high-quality, FCF generating businesses. 
 
Recent market volatility has created attractive opportunities across several sectors, 
particularly in software, where we have increased our exposure. We are also actively 
evaluating several new investment ideas and expect to add one or two new positions in 
the coming months. 
 
We believe the current environment, characterized by geopolitical-driven market 
weakness, represents an especially attractive time to add capital or establish a new 
relationship with PPC. 
 
Thank you for your continued support. 
 
Sincerely, 
 
Jason Williams and Brandon Davis 
 
Certain Disclosure 
 
This communication is confidential and may not be reproduced without the prior 
written consent of PPC. 
 
The information contained herein reflects the opinions of Pinyon Pine Capital, LLC (PPC) 
as of the date of publication and are subject to change without notice at any time after 
the date of issue. PPC does not represent that any opinion or projection will be realized. 
All the information provided is for informational purposes only and should not be 
considered as investment advice or a recommendation to purchase or sell any specific 
security. While it is believed that the information presented herein is reliable, no 
representation or warranty is made concerning the accuracy of any data presented.  
 
The performance information provided herein is historic and should not be taken as any 
indication of future performance.   
 
The results shown are actual results of PPC accounts. The strategies (long-only and 
HCLO) employed by PPC in managing these accounts are representative of PPC’s 
strategies in each of its client accounts. Gross performance percentages represent the 
time-weighted return in the net asset value of the account (including appropriate 
adjustments to account for the addition or subtraction of any funds from each account) 
and are net of brokerage fees but do not reflect fees paid to PPC. Net return percentages 
reflect PPC fees.  
  
 
 
 
PO Box 4017  •  Ketchum, ID 83340  •  PH: 650-776-1190  •  www.pinyonpinecapital.com 
 
All returns are unaudited.  Dividends are reinvested for the account and any indices 
shown. It should not be assumed that the holdings, volatility, or management style of 
any account managed by PPC will, or is intended to, resemble that of the mentioned 
indices. The comparison of this performance data to any single market index is imperfect 
because the former is not as diversified, and the mix of market capitalizations of the 
companies owned does not necessarily resemble the market capitalization 
characteristics of the indices referenced.  
 
Information pertaining to PPC’s advisory operations, services, and fees is set forth in 
PPC’s current disclosure statement which is on file with the Idaho Department of Finance 
and a copy of which is available from PPC upon request. As part of its investment 
management process, PPC reviews and considers third-party research, including 
materials obtained from other investment professionals. Different types of investments 
and/or investment strategies involve varying levels of risk, and there can be no assurance 
that any specific investment or investment strategy (including the investments 
purchased and/or investment strategies devised by PPC) will be either suitable or 
profitable for a client's or prospective client's portfolio.
