520 Madison Avenue, 35th Floor, New York, New York 10022 
 
  1 
May 8, 2026 
 
Dear Partners, 
 
For the quarter-end March 31
st, 2026, Rivermont Partners LP ("Rivermont") (the "Fund"), was up 8.1% net of 
fees and expenses . 1  The Fund’s long positions added  approximately 3.55% gross (2.84% net ), and short 
positions added approximately 6.81% gross (5.44% net).2   
 
As of March 31
st, the Fund ’s gross exposure was approximately 1 04% long and 56% short. The  summary of 
comparative performance  is as follows: 
 
 
March 31, 20261,3 
QTD 
Gross QTD Net YTD Net ITD Net 
Rivermont Partners LP 10.1% 8.1% 8.1% 125.8% 
Rivermont Offshore Fund Ltd. 10.1% 8.1% 8.1% 85.2% 
MSCI World - -3.6% -3.6% 68.5% 
Russell 2000 - 0.9% 0.9% 21.5% 
S&P 500 - -4.3% -4.3% 84.5% 
 
 
1Q26 Winners and Losers4 
 
The top five contributors for the first quarter to the gross return: 
 
• A long position in Western Digital (WDC) contributed approximately 3.5% to the gross return. Western 
Digital is the second player in the hard disk drive duopoly and benefits from the same structural AI -
driven tailwinds as Seagate. During the quarter, Western Digital reported strong December -quarter 
results, issued March-quarter guidance ahead of c onsensus, and had a bullish investor day where the 
company outlined long -term targets of 20% revenue growth, 50% gross margins, and at least $20 of 
EPS.  We believe these targets are conservative and think Western Digital can earn over $60 of earnings 
per share in 2028, well above consensus of approximately $2 8. At roughly 6 x our 2028 earnings 
estimate, we continue to view the shares as meaningfully undervalued.  
 
• A long position in  Seagate Technology (STX) contributed approximately 3 .1% to the gross return. As 
discussed in prior letters, Seagate operates in a duopoly with Western Digital supplying hard disk drive 
(HDD) storage to large cloud and hyperscale customers. The business continues to benefit from AI -
 
1 Performance returns are unaudited estimates.  Rivermont Partners LP and Rivermont Offshore Fund Ltd. net performance figures are net of a 
1.5% management fee and a 20.0% incentive allocation while gross performance figures are net of a 1.5% management fee only.  Past performance 
is not a guarantee of, nor indicative of, future results. 
2 Gross long and short performance attribution does not include fees, expenses, currencies or FX hedges.  In deriving the net attribution, we calculate 
the ratio of the net to gross Fund returns for Rivermont Partners LP for the reported period.  We then apply this ratio to the gross long and gross 
short attribution to arrive at the net attribution.  Attribution figures are shown for informational purposes to reflect how the Fund’s performance 
was achieved during the period herein and are not representative of any portfolio-level performance.  
3 Inception dates for Rivermont Partners LP and Rivermont Offshore Fund Ltd. are March 1, 2021, and January 1, 2022, respectively.  ITD index 
returns are shown beginning March 1, 2021.  Please see the additional disclosures at the end of this letter for the index definitions.   
4 Performance attribution figures reflect the estimated and unaudited gross contribution to the Fund’s return.  Please see the top of page 1 for Fund 
level net performance figures.   
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 
2 
 
driven demand for hard drives and cost reductions from the company’s transition to HAMR technology. 
During the quarter, Seagate reported strong December -quarter results with record gross margins and 
issued March quarter guidance ahead of consensus. Furthermore, channel checks by multiple research 
firms indicate tightening supply and demand, suggesting 2027 pricing will exceed initial expectations.  
Driven by this improved pricing outlook, we have raised our earnings estimates and now believe Seagate 
can generate over $ 90 of earnings per share in 2028, well above consensus at approximately $ 41. At 
roughly 7x our 2028 earnings estimate, we continue to view the shares as materially undervalued. 
 
• A long position in TTM Technologies (TTMI) contributed approximately 3.0% to the gross return. TTMI 
is a leading manufacturer of high -end printed circuit boards (PCBs), holding strong positions in 
aerospace, defense, and AI servers. It is one of the few U.S. companies producing high -end PCBs, 
distinguishing it from competitors primarily based in China or Southeast Asia. We believe TTMI is 
capitalizing on rapid AI -driven content growth within the PCB industry and stands to benefit from 
onshoring initiatives as the sole domestic producer of high -end PCBs for AI servers. At an investor 
conference this quarter, TTM provided a bullish long-term forecast, guiding for 15-20% revenue growth, 
which significantly outpaced consensus estimates of mid -single-digit growth . We believe TTM can 
generate approximately $1 2 of earnings per share in 2028. With shares trading at roughly ~1 3x our 
2028 earnings estimate, we consider the stock undervalued. 
 
• A long position in Siemens Energy (ENR GY) contributed approximately 1.3% to the gross return. AI data 
center power demand continues to drive robust orders for Siemens Energy’s gas turbine and grid 
divisions. The company reported stellar fiscal second- quarter results, and a guidance increase is 
anticipated for the second half of the fiscal year. We expect earnings to surge by over 200% from 2026 
levels as the company executes its massive 146 billion E uro backlog. Over the past year, ENR GY has 
become a consensus long idea within the U.S. hedge fund community. Given the stock's appreciation and 
the availability of more attractively priced AI beneficiaries, we exited the position to fund higher-return 
investments. 
 
• A short position in Short A contributed approximately 1.3% to the gross return. Short A is a high-growth 
branded egg producer operating within a commodity category. Although it previously benefited from 
supply disruptions, a recent supply glut has pressured egg pricing and widened the brand’s price gaps 
relative to peers. Additionally, retailers are aggressively expanding private-label offerings at attractive 
price points. Finally, a social media controversy early in the quarter likely inflicted lasting dam age on 
demand. In response to slowing growth, the stock's valuation contracted significantly, prompting us to 
close the short position and reallocate capital to ideas with superior return profiles. 
 
 
The top five detractors for the first quarter to the gross return: 
 
• A long position in Carvana (CVNA) detracted approximately 1.9% from the gross return. As the largest 
online-only used car retailer in the U.S., Carvana emerged from post -pandemic restructuring with a 
significantly improved cost structure and a deeply integrated logistics platform via its ADESA 
acquisition. Despite currently holding a small share of the fragmented used vehicle market, we believe 
its superior unit economics will drive long-term market share gains. However, shares declined sharply 
following disappointing fourth -quarter results and macroeconomic concerns tied to the Iran War. 
Quarterly EBITDA margins missed consensus due to elevated reconditioning costs, which management 
attributed to growing pains from ramping up new sites. While the long -term thesis remains appealing, 
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 
3 
 
we exited the position due to concerns over auto demand amidst the Iran conflict and mounting auto 
credit issues. 
 
• A long position in Wingstop (WING) detracted approximately 1.9% from the gross return. Wingstop is 
the dominant domestic chicken wing restaurant chain. Operating a franchise model, the company 
sustains mid -teens unit growth driven by best -in-class franchisee returns. Wingstop possesses 
substantial long-term growth potential domestically and internationally, having succeeded in the UK 
and recently expanded into high -potential markets like India. However, same -store sales growth , a 
crucial valuation driver, has been soft over the past year, largely due to macroeconomic pressures on its 
lower-income core customer base. These weak trends have persisted longer than anticipated and 
proved difficult to explain. Consequently, we exited the position to reallocate capital toward higher-
conviction ideas. 
 
• A long position in Floor & Decor (FND) detracted approximately 1.3% from the gross return. FND is the 
largest U.S. flooring retailer, possessing a long runway to more than double its store base by capturing 
market share from subscale independents, who currently control over half of the category's sales. The 
company enjoys distinct competitive ad vantages in sourcing, supply chain, and in -store inventory 
breadth. The flooring market is heavily dependent on housing turnover, which currently sits 
approximately 25% below long-term averages. FND is well-positioned to benefit significantly once the 
category recovers. Unusual for a high -quality growth retailer, it is currently valued near a trough 
multiple on trough earnings. While the murky macroeconomic backdrop i s currently weighing on the 
stock, the company's medium-term earnings power remains intact. We maintain our investment and are 
closely monitoring for improvements in housing turnover and flooring demand. 
 
• A long position in St James Place PLC  (STJ LN) detracted approximately 1.3% from the gross return . 
Shares of SJP and other traditional UK wealth managers fell sharply in February following the 
introduction of a new AI -driven tax -planning tool by U.S.- based Altruist, which ignited fears of 
technological disruption and intensifying competition in the fee -based advisory space. We believe SJP 
will ultimately emerge as an AI winner. We expect earnings to more than double  over our investment 
horizon, driven by a fee model change that has temporarily introduced complexity into the P&L. The bull 
case will become more evident as SJP integrates AI capabilities throughout the organization and 
earnings growth accelerates. Trading at 6x future earnings with a meaningful share buyback program 
in place, we view the stock as mispriced. 
 
• A long position in Spotify (SPOT) detracted approximately 1.1% from the gross return. As discussed in 
prior letters, SPOT operates the world’s largest music streaming platform and continues to expand into 
higher-margin adjacencies such as podcasts, audiobooks, and video. Early in the quarter, shares suffered 
from investor fears that AI-generated music poses a competitive threat. The stock recovered later in the 
quarter following strong December -quarter results, better -than-expected March guidance, bullish 
commentary on upcoming AI products, and the announcement of a May Investor Day. We anticipate 
Spotify will successfully launch an AI product later this year, which should help shift the market 
narrative. We project SPOT can generate approximately $ 29 of free cash flow per share in 2028. At 
current prices, the stock trades at roughly 12x our 2028 free cash flow estimate, which we continue to 
view as attractive.  
 
 
 
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 
4 
 
Five Year Anniversary 
 
March 1st marked Rivermont’s five-year anniversary since launch. In our Q4 2025 letter, we shared a peer group 
analysis of our returns and alpha generation from launch through YE 2025. Below is that same analysis updated 
through Q1 2026. 
 
 
Since inception through Q1 2026, nearly 70% of our returns have come from asset selection (alpha).  
Our short portfolio has generated positive P&L in three of the five calendar years and was roughly flat in 2025, 
while the S&P rose 93% over the same period.  
In Q1 2026, both our long and short portfolios contributed positively  to performance, continuing to drive a 
strong long/short spread. 
 
 
 
Cornerstones of Performance 
 
Rivermont’s returns in any given year are driven by a commitment to a common investment philosophy and 
process. 
A Flexible and Opportunistic Mandate Focused on Change  
Our strategy does not rely on a specific type of market environment to be successful.  The search for Rivermont 
opportunities begins with filtering for one primary attribute: change. Major change often leads to investor 
misperceptions, which in turn can cause a temporary  dislocation of a stock from its intrinsic value.  Because 
change can be positive or negative, it tends to yield deep pools of both long and short opportunities.   Over the 
past five years, persistent change has continually reshaped market regimes. Shifts in interest rates, inflation, 
consumer behavior, geopolitics, and the adv ent of AI constantly alter the investing landscape. This dynamic is 
highly favorable for our strategy, as our flexible mandate allows us to pivot toward the most significant 
dislocations and what we believe are the highest-return ideas. 
Fundamental Research Process Grounded in Mental Models 
As generalists, our diverse investable universe is filtered through three mental model frameworks. These 
frameworks apply across industries, sectors, market caps, and geographies. We focus on situations where our 
Rivermont Peer Group 
%ile
Peer Group 
Median
Total Asset Selection (Total Alpha) 118% 95% 23%
Long Asset Selection (Long Alpha) 73% 94% 13%
Short Asset Selection (Short Alpha) 45% 97% 5%
Total Portfolio Return 171% 95% 39%
March 1, 2021 - March 31, 2026
Annualized ITD Q1 2026 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Long ROIC 17.9% 2.7 42.4 18.0 31.9 -0.2 25.3
Short ROIC 4.7% 7.8 -6.8 -0.7 -16.9 29.5 3.9
L/S Spread 22.5% 10.5 35.5 17.3 15.0 10.3 29.3
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 
5 
 
proprietary research allows us to form a variant view on a company’s future earnings power compared to 
consensus estimates. This approach tends to naturally lead us toward small - and mid -cap stocks where  
inefficiencies are more pronounced, and where our primary research is most impactful. Each position is held to 
a strict return threshold, and multiple expansion is rarely relied upon to drive expected rates of return. Detailed 
descriptions of our mental model frameworks can be found in our Q4 2021 Letter. 
Dedication to Single-Name Short Selling 
Today, there are far fewer funds utiliz ing single-name short selling as a core source of profit and alpha 
generation than there were 20 years ago. A robust single name short book is vital to compounding returns and 
managing risk. It contributes to fund returns while providing a critical structural advantage versus other market 
participants. Successful shorting provides ballast to the portfolio when the market turns upside down. While 
many investors are forced to de -gross during periods of volatility, short alpha  generation allows us to play 
offense, using the proceeds from our short positions to add to dislocated high-conviction long positions. 
Ultimately, a strong single-name short book extends our investment time horizon.  This is the fundamental crux 
of the equity long/short value proposition. Yet, few managers remain dedicated to the craft. 
Small, Experienced Team 
The small size and senior makeup of our team are critical enablers of opportunistic, high -conviction investing. 
Each investment team member brings one to two decades of experience researching businesses, identifying mis-
pricings, and stress-testing theses across varied market environments. Over time, seasoned investors develop 
pattern recognition that can’t be taught in textbooks or financial models. It is honed and developed over many 
years of repetition, dedication to process, and deep market engagement. As a cohesive unit, the team  operates 
with a high degree of transparency and trust, allowing us to adapt swiftly in volatile environments. By contrast, 
large hierarchies often suffer from bureaucracy and junior -level decision-making latency. We believe our lean 
senior structure drives superior investment outcomes over time. 
All-Weather Portfolio Construction  
Our portfolio construction is designed to withstand the test of time. Capital is concentrated enough that every 
position matters, but not so much that performance relies on just one or two stocks. Overall market exposure is 
conservative, explicit leverage is generally avoided, and while the portfolio is not strictly factor -neutral, factor 
awareness helps us to avoid being caught offside during market regime changes. Options and derivatives are 
also avoided. This all-weather approach has served us well over the first five years, and we expect it will continue 
to do so. 
 
 
Opportunity Set and Positioning 
 
The current environment for Rivermont ’s strategy is as exciting as it ’s been since launch.  The pace of 
technological (AI), geopolitical, regulatory, and administrative change is the highest it has been in decades. This 
environment is creating distinct winners and losers and increasing stock dispersion. Additionally, after 15 years 
of the macroeconomic environment and central bank polices  being the primary driver of equity returns, the 
current stock picking environment is being driven more by micro and company spe cific theses. Amidst the 
resulting rapid market shifts and high individual stock volatility, we have actively capitalized on dislocations 
while upgrading the portfolio with high-return ideas. The long book currently has a ~30% IRR, near the highest 
level since inception. 
Against this backdrop, our competition has declined, creating favorable supply and demand dynamics.  While 
dozens of funds resembled Rivermont a decade ago, very few remain today.  The concentration of capital in 
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 
6 
 
quantitative and multi-manager short-term strategies creates frequent and abundant dislocation, resulting in 
attractive investment opportunities for funds like Rivermont that employ flexible mandates , are set up at the 
team level to be tactical and opportunistic, and that invest with longer time horizons.  
Additionally, after decades of industry specialization, we believe the pendulum is swinging back toward 
generalists. By integrating AI into our well-defined investment frameworks, we can now evaluate opportunities 
with greater velocity and with the analytical depth of a sector-focused strategy. We view AI as a great equalizer, 
diminishing the advantage of narrow specialist investment mandates. Opportunity sets are constantly evolving. 
Our generalist approach allows us to identify and invest in  the most compelling ideas without being bound by 
narrow institutional constraints. AI enables us to quickly develop deep expertise in any opportunity set while 
still maintaining the benefit of a broader market perspective. 
  
Business Update 
There were no meaningful business updates during the quarter.  
Firm AUM as of March 31, 2026 is ~$526mm5. 
Thank you for your partnership and continued trust in us.  
 
Sincerely,  
 
Rivermont Capital Management LP  
 
5 Firm AUM includes Rivermont Master Fund LP, in addition to estimated allocated buying power from one separate 
account valued as of March 31, 2026. 
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 
7 
 
CONFIDENTIAL – NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANYONE OTHER THAN THE INTENDED RECIPIENTS. 
 
This Letter does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any securities in any fund advised by 
Rivermont Capital Management LP ("Rivermont") (each such fund, a "Fund") and  may not be relied upon in 
connection with any offer or sale of securities.  Any such offer or solicitation may only be made pursuant to the 
applicable Fund's Private Placement Memorandum and related governing documents (the "Fund Documents").   
The information in this Letter is qualified in its entirety and limited by reference to such Fund Documents, and 
in the event of any inconsistency between this Letter and such Fund Documents, the Fund Documents shall 
control.  
 
This Letter is confidential and may not be reproduced in its entirety or in part, or redistributed to any party in 
any form, without the prior written consent of Rivermont. Nothing in this Letter shall prohibit or limit you from 
voluntarily communicating with or providing information to any national, federal, state or local governmental 
agency or regulator regarding any potential violations of law or regulation, and you are not required to seek 
consent from or provide notice to Rivermont in connection with any such communication with a national, 
federal, state or local governmental agency or regulator.  
 
The information contained in this Letter is current as of the date indicated.  There is no obligation to update, 
modify or amend this Letter or to otherwise notify a reader in the event that any matter or information stated 
herein changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate.  
 
An investment in any Fund is speculative and entails substantial risks, including the fact that such an investment 
would be illiquid and be subject to significant restrictions on transferability.  No market is expected to develop 
for interests in any Fund.   Returns generated from an investment in a Fund may not adequately compensate 
investors for the business and financial risks assumed.  An investor in a Fund could lose all or a substantial 
amount of his or her investment.  Financial instruments and investment opportunities discussed or referenced 
herein may not be suitable for all investors, and potential investors must make an independent assessment of 
the appropriateness of any transaction in light of their own objectives and circumstances, including the possible 
risk and benefits of entering into such a transaction.  Please see the Fund Documents for a comprehensive 
overview of the risks associated with an investment in a Fund. 
 
The information included in this Letter is based upon information reasonably available to Rivermont as of the 
date noted herein. Furthermore, certain information included in this Letter has been obtained from sources 
Rivermont believes to be reliable; however, these sources cannot be guaranteed as to their accuracy or 
completeness. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is given as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained herein and no liability is accepted for the accuracy or completeness 
of any such information. 
 
Statements of opinion contained herein have been prepared based on a number of factors, and incorporate 
Rivermont’s experience, research, and/or analysis, however such statements also contain, and are informed 
substantially by, subjective judgments, which incorporate assumptions that could be shown to be inaccurate, or 
may not comprehensively account for all relevant considerations.   
 
This Letter may contain certain opinions and “forward-looking statements,” which may be identified by the use 
of such words as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “should,” “planned,” “estimated,” “potential,” “outlook,” 
“forecast,” “plan,” and other similar terms. All such opinions and forward-looking statements are conditional and 
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 
8 
 
are subject to various factors, including, without limitation, general and local economic conditions, changing 
levels of competition within certain industries and markets, changes in legislation or regulation, and other 
economic, competitive, governmental,  regulatory, and technological factors, any or all of which could cause 
actual results to differ materially from projected results. 
 
Rivermont is not acting and does not purport to act in any way as an adviser or in a fiduciary capacity vis -a-vis 
any investor in the Funds. You should not construe the contents of this Letter as legal, tax, investment or other 
advice, or a recommendation to purchase or sell any particular security.    Therefore, it is strongly suggested that 
any investor or prospective investor in the Funds obtain independent advice in relation to any investment, 
financial, or other issues addressed herein.  Nothing contai ned herein shall constitute or establish any 
representation or warranty as to future performance of any financial instrument, credit, currency rate or other 
market or economic measure. 
 
Prospective investors should note that Rivermont exercises broad discretion in managing the Funds and is 
subject only to the restrictions and terms set forth in the relevant Fund Documents.  No representation is made 
herein that Rivermont’s investment decisions or considerations reflect or are influenced by the beliefs, values 
or causes of any particular investor.   
 
Additional Performance Disclosure 
Net performance figures for the Fund reflect the returns of a representative, "new issue" eligible investor that 
made an investment in Rivermont Partners LP (Class A)on March 1, 2021.  Net Fund level performance returns 
are calculated after the deduction of expenses, the management fee and the incentive allocation and assumes the 
reinvestment of dividends and other earnings.  Gross Fund performance returns are calculat ed after the 
deduction of expenses and the management fee, but before the incentive alloca tion. Please note that the 
performance estimates in this Letter do not account for the final review of our portfolio. Any such adjustments 
will be included in the final performance as noted on the official month end NAV statement provided by our 
administrator, Morgan Stanley Fund Services. 
 
Performance results for investors may vary from the performance stated herein as a result of , among other 
things, the timing of an investor's investment, different management fee and incentive allocation terms, and an 
investor's eligibility to participate in "new issue" securities.   
 
Performance attribution figures reflect the estimated and unaudited gross long and short contribution to the 
Fund’s gross return. Gross returns are not indicative of any single fee-paying investor’s performance. QTD net 
fund long (or short) performance is estimated by multiplying the QTD gross fund long (or short) performance 
by the ratio of QTD total fund net performance to QTD total fund gross performance.  
 
Attribution figures provided herein are shown for informational purposes to reflect how the Fund's performance 
was achieved during the period identified herein and are not representative of any portfolio-level performance.  
Investors can only invest in the Fund, not in any subset of the Fund's investments.   
 
Peer Comparisons 
This Letter contains peer comparisons, using data compiled by MSFS.  Peer comparisons are inherently informed 
by the peer set they relate to, and a different peer set could materially alter comparisons.  MSFS’ data reflects 
data from participating funds that use MSFS for administration services.   This may over -represent or under -
represent certain market participants and  could materially impact the peer comparisons contained 
herein.  Comparisons among peer funds do not reflect the impact of fees and expenses, which are likely to differ 
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 
9 
 
significantly among funds, and would reduce any investor ’s performance.  Due to the limitations of the peer 
sets used, prospective investors should not rely upon such peer sets in making any investment decision. 
 
Index Definitions and Disclosure 
 
The MSCI AC World index ("MSCI ACWI") is an index consisting of large and mid- capitalization issuers across 
select developed market countries.  The Russell 2000 index (“Russell 2000”) is a small capitalization index of the 
smallest 2,000 stocks in the Russell 3000 index.  The S&P 500 index (“S&P 500”) is a market -capitalization 
weighted index of the 500 largest U.S. publicly traded companies.    
 
These indices are included merely to show the general trend in the equity markets in the periods indicated and 
are not intended to imply that the Fund's investments were comparable to any index in either composition or 
element of risk.  There are significant differences between the performance shown and these indices.  For 
instance, Rivermont may use short sales and leverage and may invest in securities that have a greater degree of 
risk and volatility, as well as less liquidity, than those securities contained in these indices.  Moreover, these 
indices do not reflect the reinvestment of income or dividends and are not subject to any of the management 
fees, incentive fees, or expenses that funds, products or strategies managed by Rivermont must pay.  There is no 
guarantee that the Fund's performance will meet or exceed either index.  
 
 
 
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
