Rubric Capital Management LP  |  155 East 44th Street, Floor 16  |  New York, New York 10017  |  212-418-1881 
May 18, 2026 
 
The trend in this market to love AI -related themes at the expense of everything else is a well  known 
phenomenon. Despite being deep value investors, we have been keen on participating in this trade, as we 
have found ways to invest in AI acceleration that were also cheap. Our primary focus was on the power demand 
from AI and entering this year we felt confident in our investments in independent power producers (IPPs) and 
the emerging power generation story in FTAI. We even added other cheap AI beneficiaries such as AKAM and 
ZM, while one of our existing positions, ADEA, became a market darling for its exposure to hybrid bonding. 
However, we disappointingly missed the opportunity to invest in memory and the neo -clouds/bitcoin miners-
turned-data-center-landlords, which were cheap and would have fit our investment framework.  
 
Our analysis is often focused on identifying broader contrarian opportunities, and following the initiation of the 
Iran war, our focus moved back to businesses with hard assets that would benefit from the productivity 
generated by the implementation of AI.  We saw a material dislocation in companies perceived to be hurt by 
high energy prices, increases in interest rates, and "boring companies" that were being sold as sources of 
funds to buy the AI winners. Our trade blotter has been incredibly active recently, as we have found many new 
ideas that should generate good alpha for Rubric when investors decide to widen their aperture for cheap, 
well-performing businesses. This letter will include a laundry list of cheap businesses with inflecting 
fundamentals that we currently own. 
 
Many sleepless nights have been had as we confront our mistakes of omission -  on memory and neo -
clouds/legacy bitcoin miners - and the currently unrequited conviction in our existing investments. Our primary 
horses in the AI race, specifically TLN, FTAI, and VST, have materially underperformed since February as our 
short book has moved higher. For Talen and the broader IPP space, as IPPs now fall under the purview of the 
AI trade, the market has viewed them as having become too hard to own. There are just too many "easier" AI 
trades. TLN stock has been flat for the last ten months despite doing accretive M&A deals and as power prices 
rose materially across the curve. At its investor day last year, TLN management guided to $31+ per share of 
2028 free cash flow and most recently upgraded that target to $41+. If one marks -to-market current spark 
spreads, and  discounts recent widening in PPL zone negative basis, TLN’s earnings trajectory will grow to 
approximately $50 per share of FCF in 2028. Despite this almost 50% improvement in free cash flow, the 
stock is now down almost 20% since the September 2025 investor day an d is now trading at 6.5x FCF, with 
35% of the fleet contracted in semi -perpetuity to Amazon, an investment-grade counterparty. The magnitude 
of the dislocation in TLN stock is evident in a simplistic sum- of-the-parts analysis.  The Amazon obligation to 
purchase power from Talen can be thought of as a senior secured debt obligation of Amazon and with its  
unsecured debt yielding 4.7% (implied 21x multiple), we can attempt to value the AMZN relationship.  For 
conservatism, when we use a higher implied yield of 5.7%, or a 17.5x multiple on the contracted cash flows, 
the contract would be worth $251 per TLN s hare. This analysis suggests that the remaining business, ex -
contract, is trading at an insanely low multiple of roughly 2.6x free cash flow.  Our view is that the main reason 
for this underperformance is a lack of incremental long-term power contract announcements. While PJM and 
FERC headlines have slowed contract announcements - as their input is relevant to signing long -duration 
agreements - this is a short -term delay, and we believe TLN will ultimately sign 60 –75% of its fleet to long -
term PPAs. If that happens, we expect the stock to double from here.  
 
2 
Turning to FTAI, the stock has struggled since the start of the Iran conflict in March as its core business is tied 
to the aviation aftermarket where fears abound about aged fleet retirements. FTAI sells rebuilt engines, using 
FAA-approved generic parts to reduce costs, leveraging the modular design of the CFM56 engine to do module 
and whole-engine swaps, passing along this efficiency to customers so that engine maintenance is cheaper 
and faster versus a traditional engine restoration. It is a product that sells itself and should see resilient growth 
in a fuel -cost-led downturn, as it represents a significant cost savings opportunity for airlines. The engine 
refurbishment business is a $25B TAM where FTAI currently possesses only 12% market share. Despite the 
resilient growth, the market is currently unwilling to look through to the power opportunity within FTAI, which 
is a meaningful upside catalyst. We think FTAI’s nascent power business -  selling and maintaining aged 
aerospace engines for power generation - can reach $1B+ of EBITDA in the next one to two years. These FTAI 
Power units are mobile, relatively low heat rate and immediately deployable, which puts them in high demand 
given the time-to-power constraints associated with new build generation. We think FTAI can earn $26 of run-
rate free cash flow in 2028, implying that the stock is currently trading at less than 9x 2028 FCF. While peers 
trade at high-teens to 20x earnings, applying a 16x multiple to 2028 FCF and discounting back to today yields 
a twelve-month return of over 50%. 
 
Our errors of omission in memory and the neo -clouds are worth discussing. We expected memory prices to 
improve but were caught flat- footed by the extreme DRAM price move -  a mistake we own with humility. We 
were not focused enough on memory when we should have been and have nobody to blame but ourselves. 
On the neo-cloud and legacy bitcoin miner space, we spent a meaningful amount of time analyzing potential 
investment opportunities. Our calls with private neo -cloud competitors gave us the impression that n one of 
the companies have a true moat that distinguishes their services as they are fundamentally building 
infrastructure off the same semiconductor chips. Everything we saw required us to make a bet on either the 
residual value of older generations of GPUs or, in the case of legacy bitcoin miners, that their near-term access 
to power would compound into a durable advantage in securing additional capacity at attractive economics. 
Those were bets we did not feel comfortable making, and we were again surprise d by the magnitude of the 
compute shortage that led to elevated residual chip values. We have reassessed our underwriting of these 
sectors and feel we have missed the trade.  While we think memory prices stay elevated through the second 
half of 2027 before declining, it is not a call we can make with conviction. An investment in memory requires 
precision in diagnosing the trajectory of DRAM prices -  having confidence in the ramp of new capa city 
additions, demand destruction caused by high prices, and AI demand growth. It is an equation too uncertain 
for us to generate a convicted view. Furthermore, Rubric punting on price moves in well-trafficked commodities 
such as compute and DRAM seems like something we typically leave for others. 
 
With the AI narrative dominant, the Strait of Hormuz still closed, and a resumption of the war in Iran potentially 
highly likely, the market has become increasingly narrow in focus. In the aftermath of the war's initiation and 
the increase in energy prices, we watched stocks in companies with perceived exposure to these elevated 
costs decline meaningfully. We were not immediate buyers of these businesses, as we too were uncertain 
whether many of them would be able to pass through elevated costs to their customers, and we wanted to see 
earnings results and management guidance before making an investment decision. Through this process, we 
identified a handful of investment opportunities derisked by results. Some of these investments rallied on 
earnings but have subsequently given back most, if not all, of those gains and are now at levels that will allow 
us to continue growing t hese positions as we navigate the potential resumption and ultimate end of the war 
in Iran.   
 
 
Portfolio Update – Q1 
During the first quarter, the equity portfolio averaged a long exposure of 167% and a short exposure of 104% 
for an average gross and net exposure of 271% and 63%, respectively. Including our credit portfolio, which is 
generally uncorrelated to the markets, the fund had an average long exposure of 175% and an average short 
exposure of 106%, for an average gross and net exposure of 281% and 69%. The fund averaged a beta-
adjusted net exposure of 35%.  
3 
Investment Updates  
Integra Lifesciences (IART) 
Integra (IART) has experienced repeated operational setbacks since we initiated the position in Q3 2024. 
However, the company appears to finally be turning the corner. 2026 will be the first year of EPS growth since 
2022. The construction of the company's new Braintree facility is on track, and it has already begun re -
introducing several products — such as Primatrix and Durepair — that were previously removed from the market 
due to the shutdown of its Boston facility. The company's compliance master plan continues with no significant 
new product holds or recalls. Earlier this month, the CEO was replaced by Stuart Essig, chairman of the board 
and former IART CEO. This transition was a surprise, but it was very well received by the market, with the stock 
trading up 24% on the day. Under Stuart's leadership, we expect the company to lean more heavily into 
commercial efforts as the compliance issues abate. We believe Integra is now turning the corner operationally 
and will be able to accelerate growth as the oper ational issues move into the rearview mirror. IART remains 
substantially undervalued in our vi ew, trading at less than 6x current year earnings. At 10x our 2028E EPS 
estimate of $3.50, the stock would be worth $35, or 150% upside. 
 
Amneal Pharmaceuticals (AMRX) 
Amneal (AMRX) continues to execute well. 2026 will be the fourth consecutive year the company has grown 
revenue high single digits. In April, the company announced the acquisition of Kashiv Biosciences, a strategic 
acquisition that will help the company vertically integrate in biosimilars to capture this large opportunity. AMRX 
will pay $750mm — half stock and half cash — plus milestone payments, for a portfolio of biosimilar candidates 
and related R&D and manufacturing capabilities. With the biosimilar market expected to grow from $40bn to 
$190bn globally over the next five years, the strategic rationale for this transaction is clear. However, the 
company did not provide specific revenue or earnings accretion figures for the transaction to justify the price, 
offering instead combined pro forma long-term projections. After speaking with management, we believe these 
projections are very conservative, and we hope they will provide incremental detail in the proxy. Nevertheless, 
we still see compelling value in AMRX shares at the current valuation of 8x EBITDA (pre-Kashiv). Assuming the 
stock trades at 8.5x management's $1.2bn 2030 EBITDA target discounting back to today , we see 50% upside 
in the stock. Using a more realistic $1.4bn in 2030 EBITDA, we see over 70% upside. 
 
Liberty Latin America Ltd (LILA) 
Our investment in Liberty Latin America (LILA) has had a number of developments since our last letter. In 
October, Hurricane Melissa devastated parts of the Caribbean, including Jamaica, where LILA generates 10% 
of its revenue. The company experienced a $27mm EBITDA impact in Q4 and received $81mm in proceeds 
from its parametric insurance payout. Recovery efforts are ongoing and have proceeded faster than expected. 
More recently, the company announced that John Malone purchased a 6% economic interest in the company 
from Searchlight Partners at a price of $8.63, which is 20% above the most recent closing price. Lastly, the 
company recently announced a distribution of preferred stock to current common shareholders. This preferred 
stock is an attempt by the company to "re-gear" the common equity and return some capital to shareholders, 
since the preferred stock can be sold. While we would have preferred a regular stock buyback, we appreciate 
the company's proactive attempts to create value. The newly issued Preferred  is expected  to have a 9 % 
dividend and if it were to trade at par, would represent 1/3 of the current market capitalization of the company. 
We believe the company still plans to separate its Puerto Rican subsidiary and hand it over to creditors. 
Excluding the Puerto Rican subsidiary and the one-time impact of Hurricane Melissa, the company trades at a 
13% unlevered FCF yield in 2026. At a 10% un levered FCF yield, the stock would be worth $15, or 109% 
upside. 
 
4 
Schrodinger Inc (SDGR) 
SDGR is a victim of the broader software selloff, and its failure to recover alongside other high- quality, AI-
resistant enterprise software stocks is due to a lack of a dedicated technology investor base — there are not 
many hybrid biotech/software analysts — exacerbated by the company's decision this year to convert the vast 
majority of its contracts to a SaaS model from a term- license plus token usage model. This conversion will 
ultimately result in a more predictable and sticky business model but  involves some near -term revenue 
headwinds. 
Ultimately, we think investors simply misunderstand the opportunity in front of SDGR. SDGR is the foundational 
small-molecule drug discovery platform, with its FEP technology serving as the standard across both academia 
and biotech. The company has signed significant drug discovery deals with virtually every large pharmaceutical 
company — including LLY, NVS, and BMS in recent years — and has had two of its founded companies acquired 
(Morphic and Ajax, both by LLY), while a third (Nimbus) has sold an asset d iscovered using SDGR's platform 
for over $5bn. Despite these successes, SDGR's stock has languished and its software business is now priced 
at approximately 1x revenue. We think this price is wrong, but the more exciting element of SDGR lies in the 
near future: the integration of SDGR's core technologies with AI, specifically through the rollout of the Bunsen 
AI Co-Scientist this summer. We believe Bunsen, if successful, will force many participants in the AI ecosystem 
to take notice, most likely resulting in attractive partnerships or potentially an acquisition of SDGR. After all, 
many of the companies receiving eye -watering valuations in AI today have aspirations toward relevance in 
biotech; unfortunately for them, SDGR's software is virtually impossible to replicate and will continue to occupy 
a privileged position in the workflows of thousands of bench chemists around the world. Bunsen should 
broaden usage, driving additional tokens and making SDGR more deeply embedded in workflows than was 
previously possible given how technically demanding its physics-based solutions are. We think SDGR is worth 
at least 100% above the current share price on fundamentals alone, but if Bunsen succeeds in becoming the 
AI agent for biotech drug development, the upside in a transaction could be significantly greater. 
 
International Workplace Group (IWG) 
We have been investors in IWG for some time, and it is worth discussing because twice now we sense that the 
sands are shifting in IWG's favor while the market has yet to take notice — as evidenced by the fact that IWG 
still trades at 5x next year's EBITDA. The first shift was caused by COVID, which raised the question: what real 
estate footprint does a business need in a post-COVID world? How comfortable is corporate leadership signing 
long-term real estate commitments — i.e., liabilities — in a world where hybrid work is on the rise? These were 
questions IWG was perfectly placed to address, particularly following the collapse of WeWork. 
Today, we face a far more enduring change to the future of office -based work: agentic AI. How many people 
an organization needs today (and in the future) may change dramatically, expanding and contracting 
depending on how AI projects are ramped and then put into production — all factors that give a CFO pause 
before signing a 15-year lease. Once again, IWG sits at the intersection of two megatrends: uncertainty from 
office tenants and uncertainty from landlords, for whom holding out for a long -term lease may  prove 
interminable. 
At 5x EBITDA, we think the market has mistaken IWG's business and its position in the future of work. Today, 
over 20% of revenue (and one third of EBITDA) comes from asset -light businesses growing 40% per annum, 
versus company-owned revenue growth of approximately 2%. Within the next three years, asset -light EBITDA 
will represent over half of total EBITDA, and we believe IWG wil l re-rate to a multiple closer to that of other 
asset-light real estate managers such as MAR and HLT. A blended multiple of 9x would imply approximately 
430p per share, or 130% above the current price. In the next two years, we expect the company to move i ts 
primary listing to the United States, which should help drive that re-rating. 
 
  
5 
Enovis (ENOV) 
Enovis is a medtech company growing revenues  organically at a mid-single digit rate, yet is trading at sub 10x 
normalized free cash flow that we believe is poised for a re -rating as its free cash flow conversion improves.  
The company has two main business lines, orthopedic surgical implants and prevention & recovery products 
(e.g. knee braces). Enovis had a rough start to 2026 as it  negatively pre-announced 4Q25 organic sales.  We 
believe the quarterly miss was not representative of the quality of its  portfolio and growth prospects.  The 
reason for the miss was a few days of poor -execution as both Christmas and New Years fell on a Thursday 
resulting in its salesforce underperforming on the Fridays after.  Stepping back from the 4Q25 miss, the 
company h as been consistently posting mid-single digit percent organic revenue growth.  We think the 
company should be able to sustain and potentially accelerate that healthy topline growth for several reasons.  
First, it launched a hip replacement called Nebula that strengthens its  position in a  less penetrated Enovis 
market as the Company has historically been stronger in shoulders.  Another new development for 2026 is 
the update to its  Arvis augmented reality surgical guidance system that we think will increase adoption of 
Enovis implants.  Lastly, the company is completing integration of its  2024 acquisition of Lima that increased 
the company’s international exposure while also creating revenue synergies through cross -sell.  The former 
CEO of Lima just prior to the Enovis deal is the current CEO of OFIX, another Rubric portfolio company.  
Conversations with him suggested that Lima is in a strong position to grow and take market share. 
The stock has not been rewarded for its strong sales as its free cash flow has been poor.  The free cash flow 
has been burdened by integration and synergy capture costs for the Lima acquisition as well as one -time 
European regulatory payments.  Enovis has laid out a free cash flow conversion target of 70% that we think is 
achievable as these one-time cash outflows disappear.  We think Enovis can eventually generate close to $3 
per share of FCF, which at a 15x multiple would be 60-70% upside to the current share price. 
 
 
David Rosen  
6 
Important Disclosures 
Limitations on Use of Information: This document is provided to you on a confidential basis and is intended 
solely for the use of the person to whom it is provided.  It may not be modified, reproduced or redistributed in 
whole or in part without the prior written consent of Rubric Capital Management LP (“Rubric Capital”).  The 
information contained in this document has been prepared solely for informational purposes, is not complete, 
is subject to change without notice and does not contain certain material information about Rubric Capital 
Partners LP and Rubric Capital Offshore Fund ltd (each a “Rubric Fund” and collectively, the “Rubric Funds”), 
each of which are feeder funds that participate in the performance of Rubric Capital Master Fund LP (the 
“Master Fund”), including important disclosures relating to conflicts of interest and risk factors associated 
with an investment in a Rubric Fund. 
Not an Offer or Solicitation: This document is not intended to be, nor should it be construed or used as an offer 
to sell or purchase, or a solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase, any securities in a pooled investment vehicle 
or account managed by Rubric Capital.  Any such offer will be made only pursuant to a definitive private 
placement memorandum (the “Memorandum”) and to which prospective investors will be referred.  In the 
event of any conflict between information contained herein and information contained in the Memorandum, 
the information in the Memorandum will control and supersede the information contained herein.  
The information provided in this document should not be considered a recommendation to purchase or sell 
any particular security.  There is no assurance that any securities discussed herein remain in the Master Fund’s 
portfolio at the time you receive this report or that securities sold have not been repurchased.  The securities 
discussed do not represent the Master Fund’s entire portfolio and in the aggregate may represent only a small 
percentage of the Master Fund’s portfolio holdings.  It should not be as sumed that any of the securities 
transactions or holdings discussed in this document were or will prove to be profitable. 
An investment in any of the Rubric Funds involves a high degree of risk and should be considered only by 
investors who do not require access to their capital and can withstand the loss of all or a substantial part of 
their investment. There can be no assur ance that any of the Rubric Funds will achieve their investment 
objectives, and performance may be volatile. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. 
No Duty to Update: Except as otherwise indicated herein, the information contained herein is provided as of 
the date first set forth.  Rubric Capital and its affiliates do not assume any duty to update any such information 
in this report for subsequent changes of any kind and there is no assurance that the policies, strategies or 
approaches discussed herein will not change.
