1 | P a g e  
 
SHIPYARD CAPITAL LP – Q1 2026 LETTER 
Dear partner, 
 
Please forgive the late letter. March passed with little to report from the portfolio, and it was just too 
tempting to see whether April might bring news. In the event, May was the month. 
 
PCOT 
On May 20 the fund brought suit in Harris County, TX against Bank of New York Mellon, the trustee for 
Pacific Coast Oil Trust, alleging breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, gross negligence, willful 
misconduct, and negligent misrepresentation. 
 
You’ll recall from earlier letters that unitholder actions brought against the trust’s operator were 
stymied by lack of standing. The merits were on our side, but various courts and arbitral panels ruled 
that the trust agreement requires actions against the operator to be brought by the trustee. Well, the 
trustee has dithered for almost seven years and at times has even taken affirmative steps to help the 
operator deprive the trust of distributions. Now the trustee must answer in court. 
 
Rise Gold 
I first wrote about Rise in the Q4 2025 letter, where I explained that Rise had two shots on goal: a 
petition for writ of mandamus and a constitutional takings claim. On May 8 the Superior Court of 
California for the County of Nevada denied the petition. Rise will now appeal that decision, and if it loses 
the appeal, it will bring the takings claim. So now we have something like one-and-a-half shots on goal. 
 
Gold Reserve 
Speaking of gold and speaking of litigation, we sold our position in Gold Reserve Ltd early in the quarter. 
This was a sovereign expropriation claim against Venezuela that was won in court and then converted 
into an attachment on liquidating assets of Venezuela’s state-owned oil refiner. The auction process 
seemed to turn for or against us every six months or so—with the stock carving out a perfect landscape 
of karsts along the way—and I was growing sheepish for owning such a gamble. Then on January 3 
Maduro was whisked into the sky by a Delta Force team and everything Venezuela-related rerated 
higher. We took the small win and will let someone else find out what the stock is ultimately worth. 
 
AI 
I’m never going to have an edge being more excited about a new technology than the market is. 
Markets are very good at getting excited. Although I see no reason in principle why AI can’t continue to 
improve (the human brain runs on 20 Watts and can be constructed from the ingredients on a 
McDonald’s menu), and although close to 100% of my professional work now takes place in AI windows, 
I’m not convinced that the end products are good businesses.  
 
A Large Language Model is basically a better database, something like an Excel spreadsheet in dizzying 
dimensionality. But the math is simple, and everyone has it, just as everyone with an Excel knockoff has 
vlookup and sumif formulas. Microsoft is valuable not because of the vlookup formulas, but because it 
has distribution scale and customer lock-in. 
 
2 | P a g e  
 
SHIPYARD CAPITAL LP – Q1 2026 LETTER 
 
Customer lock-in may yet emerge in the AI space, and I would imagine that’s the implicit bet you make if 
you own the frontier labs at ~$1 trillion valuations. Maybe models will become highly personalized, such 
that you don’t want to switch for another, or maybe a particular model will emerge as the operating 
system that other developers develop for, the way Windows emerged as the operating system for PCs. 
But for now there is no lock-in; you can switch between frontier models or open-source models with 
ease, and in fact one of the standout use cases for AI is porting software from one codebase to another.  
 
Annual AI industry CapEx is approaching $1 trillion, and end user AI revenue is below $100 billion, not 
plausibly enough to generate economic returns after factoring in R&D, sales teams, and taxes. Bulls, I 
think, would point out that much AI CapEx supports the one-time cost of training new models, and that 
inference margins (the margins you earn selling queries to users) are high. I’m not sure this matters. If a 
frontier lab stops spending to create frontier models, would any customer stick around? I currently pay 
for ChatGPT, but if Claude or Gemini were to open up a definitive lead in model quality, I would switch 
instantly. 
 
LLMs will continue changing the world, and many fantastic businesses will emerge in the new 
landscapes being opened up. I hope we’ll get to own some of them. But I think the way this will happen 
is that we’ll wake up one day to an alarming statement by a hyperscaler—Amazon saying they’re 
slowing their datacenter rollouts, Google saying they’re not seeing the ROI on new model training—and 
the whole space will fall 20 percent, on the way to grinding down 80 percent. Then, as the long shakeout 
of excess capacity proceeds, and as investors grow despondent about the sector, we’ll find ways to get 
involved.  
 
Portfolio 
At quarter end our portfolio had the following exposures: 
• US – 37%, with the largest position 7% (Sanuwave) 
• South Africa – 36%, with the largest position 29% (Bell) 
• France – 17%, with the largest position 15% (Abivax) 
• Canada – 6% 
• Cash, puts, and other geographies – 4% 
 
Best, 
 
Carson
