1 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
May 13th, 2026 
 
 
Dear Partners: 
 
I hope that you are doing well. Markets remain optimistic and good investments have been scarce. I 
have not made any new investments in Q1, although I continue to search for ones that clear my 
quality and valuation bars.  
 
I would rather tell you that I have found nothing that I consider good enough than to act for the sake 
of activity. I am mindful of the risk that I could convince myself that subpar investments are better 
than they seem. That is something that I am systematically guarding against. 
 
Reflecting on my 25+ years of professional investing, I have come to realize that good investments 
usually fall into one of three categories: 
 
• Exceptionally good companies 
• Extremely cheap securities 
• Events 
 
The best investments fall into more than one category. For example, an extremely cheap security of 
an excellent company. Or an extremely cheap security of a company going through a corporate 
event. 
 
Conversely, bad or mediocre investments frequently fall into none of the above categories. The sort-
of cheap stock of a slightly above-average company with no catalysts is usually a trap. I have 
learned that lesson through painful experience.  
 
Incidentally, I suspect that most investors misunderstand how quality affects the attractiveness of 
an investment. They usually focus on the level of quality. That is important, but not what leads to 
excess returns. 
 
Instead, the focus should be on two aspects of company quality: 

 
 
 
 
 
2 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
1. Change in quality, hopefully for the better 
2. Underappreciated quality 
 
If you own the stock of a very good company that is staying very good and which is perceived, and 
priced, as such by the market, why should you expect excess returns?  
 
The markets are too efficient for that. Otherwise, every armchair philosopher would be able to beat 
the market with very little effort simply by reading the newspaper and noticing the best-regarded 
companies of the day. 
 
However, finding a company whose quality is improving before that is widely recognized could be a 
source of excess returns. Correctly believing that the level of quality is higher than the widely held 
view could also be very profitable. 
 
What should jump out at you is that situations like the ones I have described are both hard to find 
and rare. That has several implications: 
 
• We should search diligently and systematically for them 
• We should not expect a high degree of effort to translate into a high frequency of great ideas 
• We should be comfortable with periods of inactivity 
• We should meaningfully take advantage of the small number of opportunities we do find 
 
If that sounds like a very different process resulting in a very different portfolio than that of the 
typical mutual fund or financial advisor, you are right. It is.  
 
I am fortunate to not have the institutional constraints that force many managers into portfolios 
that have very little chance of beating the market. And I am lucky to have the support of partners 
like you to execute my process. I intend to use both to our advantage. 
 
While I did not make any new investments during the first quarter, that doesn’t mean that I didn’t 
accomplish a lot. In addition to searching for new opportunities, I have been building out systems, 
with the help of AI, to improve my process and magnify my edge. I will describe some of these 
efforts in greater detail later in this letter. 
 
I know that I have been saying this for a while, but markets can change very quickly. Many investors 
are probably affected by some form of recency bias, since markets have been marching upwards 
for many years with only the briefest of interruptions.  
 
I continue to search for bottom-up opportunities, regardless of the market environment. However, 
my degree of caution is informed in part by what I perceive to be markets that skew heavily towards 
greed rather than fear. The fact that this state has persisted longer than usual should not invalidate 
that caution. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
Investment Activity  
 
• Added a Very Small Credit/Inflation hedge 
 
 
● Light Gray: thesis is tracking roughly in-line with my base case  
● Orange: thesis is tracking somewhat below my base case 
● Red: thesis is tracking significantly below my base case 
● Dull Green: thesis is tracking somewhat better than my base case 
● Bright Green: thesis is tracking significantly better than my base case 
● White: No data 
 
Ticker Company Name 1Q 2021 2Q 2021 3Q 2021 4Q 2021 1Q 2022 2Q 2022 3Q 2022 4Q 2022 1Q 2023 2Q 2023 3Q 2023 4Q 2023 1Q 2024 2Q 2024 3Q 2024 4Q 2024 1Q 2025 2Q 2025 3Q 2025 4Q 2025 1Q 2026
OI US O-I GLASS INC 0.1 1 1 1 0.1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.1 -1 0.1 0.1 -1 -1 -1 -1 -1 -2
SIGMAFA MM SIGMA FOODS SAB Start-> 0.1 1 -1 0.1 -1 -1 1 1 1 0.1 1 1 1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1
BAB LN BABCOCK INTL GROUP PLC Start-> 0.1 0.1 1 1 0.1 0.1
PHIN US PHINIA INC Start-> 0.1 -1 0.1 0.1 -1 0.1 1 0.1
BRSL US BRIGHTSAR LOTTER PLC Start-> -1 -1 -1 0.1 0.1 -1
JAZZ US JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS PLC Start-> 1 1 0.1 0.1 1 1
MD US PEDIATRIX MEDICAL GROUP INC Start-> 1 1 1 1 0.1
ALPEKA MM ALPEK SA DE CV -1 -1 -2 -2 -1
SOFW IT SOFWAVE MEDICAL LTD Start-> 2 1 1
WISE LN WISE PLC - A Start-> 0.1 0.1
Investment Thesis Tracker
 
 
 
 
 
4 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
 
 
• At the end of Q1, excluding cash and hedges the investments in the portfolio were priced at 
73% of Base Case Value, and at 84% when including cash and hedges. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
5 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
The 5 Sources of Investing Edge That Matter 
You have heard the usual framing that investing edge is informational, analytical or behavioral. 
True, but the framework I am about to share with you is much more useful. 
First, let’s define investing edge as a repeatable process advantage that should lead to better 
decisions than most investors.  
The conventional wisdom tells you that edge exists in those 3 categories. That’s nice, but how do 
you get it yourself?  
To develop sustainable investing edge, you need to change your perspective. Rather than thinking 
about investing edge by type, you should think about the steps of your investment process. Then, 
you need to engineer edge into one or more of those steps. 
There are 5 broad stages to an investment process: 
1. Idea Generation: determines what enters the funnel 
2. Research: determines how accurately and efficiently you understand it 
3. Investment Decision: determines how you convert analysis into action 
4. Portfolio Construction: determines how much your best insights matter 
5. Information Processing: updating stages 2 through 4 as reality changes 
 
Each of these stages gives you an opportunity to add to your investing edge. Over time it is this 
edge that will lead to your excess returns. 
Beating the market is very hard. Being deliberate about your investing edge is your best chance to 
succeed. 
Idea Generation 
To get an edge from idea generation, you need to either find ideas faster than others or find better 
ideas. Speed is important up to a point. If you get bogged down just generating a list of potential 
investments to look at, one of 3 things will happen: 
1. You will never actually research or act on them 
2. They will no longer be actionable by the time you get to them 
3. You will give up and go back to using the usual sources for ideas that everyone else is using, 
which equates to no edge at this stage 
 
However, just being ultra-fast is not usually enough for an edge. What you need is to generate 
promising differentiated ideas in a reasonable amount of time. 
 
 
 
 
 
6 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
There are 4 categories of differentiated ideas: 
1. Exclusive - Available only to you or a small group. Think of top-tier VC firms like Sequoia who 
get first look at the best start-ups. Or think of a business owner wanting to sell to Berkshire 
Hathaway and nobody else because he cares about his employees having a permanent 
home. 
2. Elusive - These are hard to find ideas that 99% of investors ignore. Maybe they are small 
special situations like spin-offs or restructurings. Or perhaps they are Phil Fisher-style 
compounders but in geographies that most investors don’t hunt in. You won’t read about 
them in Barron’s or the Wall Street Journal. 
3. Repulsive - If most investors’ first impulse is to pass because an idea is too messy, then 
almost nobody is analyzing it even though it is in plain sight. Perhaps there is an ugly 
litigation with a lot of uncertainty. Or some kind of scandal - remember Buffett and the 
American Express salad oil scandal? 
4. Misunderstood - I hesitate to include this category, because I don’t want you to think that it 
includes something like you thinking that Visa grows 1% faster than other people think it 
does. That’s not enough. I am talking about seeing a business completely differently than 
the consensus. Maybe everyone sees it as a money-losing operation, but you understand it 
to be a company with a very profitable core that is running a lot of organic reinvestment 
expenses through its Income Statement that are likely to pay off in the future. 
 
You don’t have to have an idea generation edge. You can just say “OK, I will not have an edge at 
this stage of the process because my edge will come later on.” However, if you want an idea 
generation edge, it needs to come from one of these four categories, and in a reasonable-enough 
time to be actionable. 
That’s why I have been using the 5-signal PULSE framework for over a decade to quickly get to the 
heart of an investment opportunity. The template allows me to dramatically increase my throughput 
and look at more ideas quickly without sacrificing quality. Combined with looking at a broad range 
of elusive and repulsive candidates, it adds to my investing edge from idea generation. 
That’s also why I built the Claude-based Special Situations Screener skill. It allows me to 
systematically generate a promising list of special situations in several markets every month. It 
saves a ton of time and while nothing is perfect, I have found it to be good enough to find promising 
undiscovered special situations at scale. 
A huge share of investor attention clusters around the same familiar companies. There is nothing 
wrong with studying them, but it is hard to build a sourcing edge where everyone else is already 
looking. 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
However, I have built an idea generation edge by systematically filtering promising ideas in corners 
of the market where most investors don’t look.  
 
Research 
Once you decide an investment candidate is worth a look, the next step is to research it. What’s the 
goal? It’s to: 
• Assess the company’s quality 
• Get the information necessary to build a reasonable range of outcomes for key economic 
variables 
• Establish a range of values for the security 
 
At the Research stage, the conventional categories become useful inputs: informational and 
analytical edge are two ways to improve research output. 
Informational edge is, literally, having useful information that few others have. No, this does not 
mean insider information. What we are talking about here is the mosaic theory - putting together 
pieces of publicly available or non-material information that together inform your view on an 
investment. 
Some examples of where informational edge can come from: 
• Expert interviews. Several companies allow you to read a library of expert call transcripts or 
to request a specific type of contact whom you can interview yourself. 
• Talking with competitors. You can call Company B and while talking with the CFO or the IR 
ask questions that will inform your view on your target investment, company A. Warren 
Buffett used to ask all of the CEOs in an industry the following question: “If you had a silver 
bullet to kill only one of your competitors, who would it be and why?” If 9 companies all want 
to ‘kill’ number 10, guess what? That’s probably a company that’s doing something pretty 
special. 
• Attending trade shows/industry events. Visiting a company is fine, but when you attend a 
trade show you can get much more unvarnished insight of what is happening in a market.  
 
Be careful, there is a pitfall here. It’s tempting to want to know more about a company for its own 
sake. That’s a trap. It might make you feel better, but it’s not likely to lead to better decisions. 
A story from when I was a young analyst at Fidelity comes to mind. The industry that I was assigned 
had a buyside analyst, a partner at a venerable investing firm across the street, who was always 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
chosen as the ‘Best of Buyside’ by the Institutional Investor magazine. I was curious why, so I asked 
a sell-side analyst whom I knew well. 
His answer: whenever he took a company on a roadshow and asked the CEO who knows them best, 
it was always that analyst who did. I was impressed. 
Years later, I got to know the associate at that firm who had worked for that analyst. I asked him 
how much that analyst outperformed their benchmark over the long-term, since at that firm 
analysts also managed a portion of the assets by investing those funds within their assigned sector.  
The answer surprised me: that ‘Best of Buyside’ analyst who knew more than anyone about the 
companies in their industry actually underperformed. 
More information is not always better. 
Sometimes it just gives you a false sense of confidence. 
Analytical edge comes from synthesizing the same information better than most market 
participants. Some examples are: 
• Interpreting information differently through the lens of specific frameworks 
• Finding patterns in information that are useful and non-obvious 
• Adjusting financial statements to get closer to the true underlying economics of the company 
• Detecting patterns of accounting fraud in financial statements 
• Correctly identifying which few factors are material to the final conclusion and focusing on 
those 
 
The Research stage is governed by the (Quantity x Quality) relationship. Quality is in turn 
determined by (Relevance x Correctness x Completeness). 
Therefore: 
Research Output = (Quantity x Relevance x Correctness x Completeness).  
It’s here that judgement comes in. There is a tradeoff between increasing Completeness and 
increasing Quantity.  
In practice, your research needs to be complete enough to not leave out anything material to 
change your conclusion, but not more than that. Going further lowers the number of companies you 
can research without meaningfully increasing the quality of your research. 
If you can research 10 potential investments with sufficient quality in the time in which your 
competition can only do 5, you have an edge. Assuming equal caliber of candidates coming out 
from the idea generation stage, you are going to have a higher chance of finding a good investment. 
 
 
 
 
 
9 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
Speed matters in researching potential investments. You can’t afford to waste a lot of time on ideas 
that you should have killed much earlier on in your investment process. On the other hand, you 
shouldn’t cut corners. If you get this step wrong, everything else will be wrong as well. 
So, what’s the answer?  
1. Automate what can be automated without sacrificing quality.  
2. Do your research in the right order so that you can kill ideas quickly.  
3. Invest your research time in a smaller set of investment candidates that have already 
passed through your initial filters. 
 
Correctly getting to a quick “no” frees up your time and resources to research high-potential ideas. 
All of this is one of the reasons that I have been investing my time in developing AI-based tools to 
help my research process. Automating parts of the process without sacrificing quality frees up my 
time to a) consider more potential investments and b) go deeper in researching the most promising 
ones.
 
 
Investment Decision 
This stage has two components: (a) correctly deciding what you should do and (b) acting on that 
knowledge. You would think that they are one and the same, but they are not. 
Think about dieting. You know what you should and should not do (e.g. you should eat veggies, you 
should not eat donuts). Does that mean that everyone always acts on that knowledge? No. Knowing 
what to do and doing it are different skills. 
The goal of the Research stage is to give you the inputs to answer the question: based on my 
process, is this security an attractive investment? Making the correct decision at the Decision stage 
means mapping your analysis of the company and its security to a yes or a no. 
To arrive at the right conclusion, you want an objective mapping between your research conclusions 
and your yes/no decision. This is not the place to introduce gut feelings or creativity into your 
process. You should have a clear set of rules that make sense to you based on how you invest. 
This is a great point in the process for introducing a robust step to reduce behavioral biases. I like 
to use what I call a ‘Devil’s Advocate’ process to compare my budding investment case with a 
strongly articulated case for why it’s a terrible idea.  
This is the right point in the process to rigorously stress test the idea. It comes before your 
conclusions have solidified and your confirmation bias is too strong.  
 
 
 
 
 
10 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
On the other hand, it’s far enough in the process because you already have research and analysis 
of your own to compare against. So, you are less likely to be incorrectly turned away from a 
promising idea by a scary-sounding case that nonetheless is insufficiently strong to rebut your 
investment work. 
Using such a Devil’s Advocate process can be a meaningful source of investing edge. Few do it 
systematically. I had a senior leader at a prior firm tell me that it’s a waste of time because it 
reduces the number of opportunities we can look at. I don’t think so, not if your goal is to make the 
right decisions, rather than simply go through the most candidates. 
That’s part (a). Part (b) is then acting on that decision. What are some reasons an investor might 
reach a conclusion that the security is attractive in stage (a) but then fail to act accordingly in stage 
(b)? Here are a few that I have observed in my over 25 years of professional investing experience: 
• Analysis suggests the security is attractive, but the investor is afraid of losing money 
because of adverse recent events or negative security price trends 
• The professional risk from investing is high because the idea is unknown or unconventional, 
exposing the investor to potential ridicule or negative career consequences if they invest 
and turn out to be wrong 
• The investor has strong behavioral biases that color his view and make him overrule his 
analysis 
 
I don’t have an answer to the problem of a professional investor choosing to invest sub-optimally 
for his clients to benefit his own career or business. It’s a much thornier question than I can really 
address here. But aligned incentives can go a long way to combating this. 
However, we can combat the other issues on this list. One serious attempt is to create a 
deterministic mapping between the combination of quality assessment and valuation and whether 
the investment is a ‘yes’ or a ‘no.’ 
Importantly, if this rule says that the investment is a ‘yes’, it’s not an automatic buy. There are still 
important portfolio construction considerations to consider.  
Now, the output of your Research stage can be: 
• Quality, broadly defined 
• A range of intrinsic values for the security 
• Whether the security clears your minimum bar for investing 
 
If done well, this lowers the likelihood of you being impacted by behavioral biases at the Portfolio 
Construction stage. 
 
 
 
 
 
11 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
Portfolio Construction 
Let’s say you have the same quality idea generation, research process and investment decision 
process as everyone else. You can still get an edge. 
How? The first way is position sizing. As you may recall, we recently made a successful investment, 
Warner Bros., that had a meaningful impact on the partnership. I wasn’t the only one who owned it, 
although there weren’t many of us given how out of favor the company was. However, it had by far 
the biggest impact on our partnership’s portfolio of anyone I know, because of sizing. 
Research studies have shown that fund managers’ top positions outperform the rest of their 
portfolio. That means that experienced investors do have an idea about which are the best 
opportunities in advance.  
However, not everyone has the courage of their convictions. Many investors don’t make their best 
ideas as big as they think they should deep down for fear of looking foolish, being blamed by 
clients, losing their job or their bonus, etc.  
The other extreme is also a risk. There are people who are so overconfident that they make huge 
bets on a single investment that they will not be able to recover from if they are wrong. 
I often hear folks like that quote Charlie Munger about having only 3 investments, or reference how 
Warren Buffett put half of his partnership’s capital in American Express during the salad oil scandal 
in the 1960s. What these investors forget is that a) they are not Munger or Buffett, and b) chances 
are the opportunity they are considering isn’t anywhere close to how attractive American Express 
was when Buffett made it his top position. 
There is no one right level of concentration. It depends on many factors. However, there is a right 
level for you and your investment process in a particular market environment, and if you can get 
close to it that can be a source of edge since many investors will deviate widely from what is 
optimal for them. 
The second way is correlation management. I am not talking about modern portfolio theory and 
managing how stocks wiggle together, or not, over short periods of time. I am talking about thinking 
deeply about what has to hold true for each investment to work out long-term, and making sure that 
being wrong on one or two key assumptions cannot sink the entire portfolio. 
This is particularly important for concentrated investing. You simply don’t have the auto-
diversification that someone closely hugging an index or owning hundreds of securities gets. 
So, thinking about how the different pieces of your portfolio fit together under various scenarios 
over the long term can be an important source of edge. 
 
 
 
 
 
12 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
Information Processing 
A concept that most investors underappreciate is that investing is not one decision. It’s not even 
two decisions: the buy and then the sell. It’s a myriad of decisions that occur along the whole 
journey of an investment. 
The concept is information processing. Each of our investments has a stream of new information or 
analysis that is available to us over time. Most of it is noise. 
However, it’s not all noise. Having a systematic process for separating which developments should 
affect your thesis, and perhaps the investment decision or position size can be a meaningful source 
of advantage. 
Many investors think of the investment process linearly. You generate an idea, research it, make a 
decision, and then construct the portfolio. 
 
That framing is incomplete. Once a security is in the portfolio, new information and new analysis 
should trigger a continuous loop through Research, Investment Decision, and Portfolio 
Construction. The goal is not to react to every data point. Most new information is noise. The goal is 
to have a process for deciding which developments are meaningful enough to revisit the thesis, the 
decision, or the position size. 
There are clear opportunities for an edge here, for example: 

 
 
 
 
 
13 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
1. Having a robust loop at all, since most investors either don’t do it or do it haphazardly 
2. Choosing the right inputs as signal vs. noise 
3. Correctly deciding the right degree of effort that still gets you to an approximately correct 
decision without using up so much time and resources as to be impractical 
 
Here are some ideas of how you can engineer an edge at this stage: 
1. Define a threshold which requires you to re-analyze an investment from scratch. For 
example, it could be your investment thesis not tracking for a certain period of time or with a 
certain severity. As you know, I use a formal thesis tracker to tell me when to trigger this 
step for each company that I own. 
2. Periodically start with a clean sheet of paper and the most current version of your Research 
stage for each of your holdings. Construct a new portfolio without looking at your current 
weights. Then compare the two and act if warranted. 
3. Systematically run a Devil’s Advocate research process at a certain time interval on each 
holding to make sure your research and conviction are not stale. 
 
Conclusion 
Classifying investing edge as informational, analytical, or behavioral is correct as far as it goes. It is 
just not the most useful way to actually build one. 
A more practical approach is to break your investment process into stages and ask where you are 
deliberately trying to be better than the marginal investor competing with you. 
You do not need an edge everywhere. You probably cannot have one everywhere. What you can do 
is be explicit about where your edge is supposed to come from, then build workflows, rules, tools, 
and habits that increase the odds that the edge actually shows up in decisions. 
A simple exercise may help. Take out a blank page and write down the five stages: 
1. Idea Generation 
2. Research 
3. Investment Decision 
4. Portfolio Construction 
5. Information Processing 
 
Next to each stage, answer three questions: 
1. Do I have a real edge here, or am I just hoping that I do? 
2. What specific workflow, rule, tool, habit, or constraint creates that edge? 
 
 
 
 
 
14 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
3. How would I know if it is working? 
 
For some stages, the honest answer may be that you do not have an edge. That is fine. The danger 
is pretending. Once you know where your edge is weak, you can decide whether to build it, partner 
around it, avoid competing there, or make sure your edge comes from a different stage. 
This is what I am trying to do as I keep iterating on the investment process at Silver Ring Value 
Partners. It is also what I am trying to improve by engineering AI judiciously into my process where 
the trade-off between time spent/risk of AI making an error and the benefits to my process is worth 
it. 
Most investors do not lack opinions. They lack a deliberately engineered process for turning their 
strengths into repeatable decisions. The question is where, exactly, your process is designed to 
create an edge. 
  
 
 
 
 
 
15 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
Portfolio Metrics 
I track a number of metrics for the portfolio to help me better understand it and manage risk. I track 
these both at a given point in time, and as a time series to analyze how the portfolio has changed 
over time to make sure that it is invested in the way that I intend for it to be. Below I share a 
number of these metrics, what each means, and what it can tell us about the portfolio. As time 
passes, you should be able to refer to these charts and graphs to help you gain deeper insight into 
how I am applying my process.  
 
Price % Base Case Value 
This metric tracks the portfolio’s weighted average ratio between market price and my Base Case 
intrinsic value estimate of each security. This ratio is presented both including cash and 
equivalents, which are valued at a Price to Value of 100%, and excluding those. All else being 
equal, the lower these numbers are, the better. Excluding cash and equivalents, a level above 
100% would be a red flag, indicating that the portfolio is trading above my estimate of intrinsic 
value. Levels between 90% and 100% I would characterize as a yellow flag, suggesting that the 
portfolio is very close to my estimate of value. Levels between 75% and 90% are lukewarm, while 
levels below 75% are attractive. 
 
 
 
 
  

 
 
 
 
 
16 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
Quality Quintiles 
As outlined in the Owner’s Manual, I evaluate the quality of the Business, the Management and the 
Balance Sheet as part of my assessment of each company. I grade each on a 5-point scale with 1 
meaning Excellent, 2 Above Average, 3 Average, 4 Below Average and 5 Terrible. The chart that 
follows presents the weighted average for each of the three metrics for the securities in the 
portfolio.
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
17 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
Portfolio at Risk (PaR) 
I estimate the Portfolio at Risk (PaR) of each position by multiplying the weight of each position in 
the portfolio by the percent downside from the current price to the Worst Case estimate of intrinsic 
value. This helps me manage the risk of permanent capital loss and size positions appropriately, so 
that no single security can cause such a material permanent capital loss that the rest of the 
portfolio, at reasonable rates of return, would not be able to overcome. I typically size positions at 
purchase to have PaR levels of 5% or lower, and a PaR value of 10% or more at any time would be 
a red flag. The chart below depicts the PaR values for the securities in the portfolio as of the end of 
the quarter. Positions are presented including options when applicable.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 
 
 
 
 
18 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
Normalized Price-to-Earnings (P/E) Ratio 
I supplement my intrinsic value estimates, which are based on Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) 
analysis, with a number of other metrics that I use to make sure that my value estimates make 
sense. One of the more useful ones is the Normalized P/E ratio. The denominator is my estimate of 
earnings over the next 12 months, adjusted for any one-time/unsustainable factors, and if 
necessary adjusted for the cyclical nature of the business to reflect a mid-cycle economic 
environment. The numerator is adjusted for any excess assets (e.g. excess cash) not used to 
generate my estimate of normalized earnings. One way to interpret this number is that its inverse 
represents the rate of return we would receive on our purchase price if earnings remained 
permanently flat. So a normalized P/E of 10x would be consistent with an expectation of a 10% 
return. While the future is uncertain, it is typically my goal to invest in businesses whose value is 
increasing over time. If I am correct in my analysis, our return should exceed the inverse of the 
normalized P/E ratio over a long period of time.  The graph below represents the weighted average 
normalized P/E for the equities in the portfolio. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
19 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
Conclusion 
My efforts in investing our capital are largely linear. The observable results of those efforts are 
typically anything but. A decision, good or bad, might not show up in the numbers for years. 
 
I have some control over the inputs – the research process, the discipline in implementing it, and 
the portfolio construction rigor. Over the long term, that is the main driver of our results. Over a few 
quarters or even a couple of years that effort gets dwarfed by the gyrations in the market prices of 
our holdings.  
 
I appreciate your trust and support. If I can answer any questions, please don’t hesitate to reach 
out.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Thank you in advance, 
 
Gary Mishuris, CFA 
Managing Partner, Chief Investment Officer 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership  

 
 
 
 
 
20 
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com  
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURE AND DISCLAIMERS 
 
The information contained herein is confidential and is intended solely for the person to whom it has 
been delivered. It is not to be reproduced, used, distributed or disclosed, in whole or in part, to third 
parties without the prior written consent of Sil ver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership (“SRVP”). 
The information contained herein is provided solely for informational and discussion purposes only 
and is not, and may not be relied on in any manner as legal, tax or investment advice or as an offer 
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy an interest in any fund or vehicle managed or advised by 
SRVP or its affiliates. The information contained herein is not investment advice or a recommendation 
to buy or sell any specific security. 
 
The views expressed herein are the opinions and projections of SRVP as of May 13
th, 2026, and are 
subject to change based on market and other conditions. SRVP does not represent that any opinion 
or projection will be realized. The information presented herein, including, but not limited to, SRVP’s 
investment views, returns or performance, investment strategies, market opportunity, portfolio 
construction, expectations and positions may involve SRVP’s views, estimates, assumptions, facts 
and information from other sources that are believed to be accurate and reliable as of the date this 
information is presented— any of which may change without notice. SRVP has no obligation (express 
or implied) to update any or all of the information contained herein or to advise you of any changes; 
nor does SRVP make any express or implied warranties or represent ations as to the completeness 
or accuracy or accept responsibility for errors. The information presented is for illustrative purposes 
only and does not constitute an exhaustive explanation of the investment process, investment 
strategies or risk management. 
 
The analyses and conclusions of SRVP contained in this information include certain statements, 
assumptions, estimates and projections that reflect various assumptions by SRVP and anticipated 
results that are inherently subject to significant economic, comp etitive, and other uncertainties and 
contingencies and have been included solely for illustrative purposes.  
 
As with any investment strategy, there is potential for profit as well as the possibility of loss.  SRVP 
does not guarantee any minimum level of investment performance or the success of any portfolio or 
investment strategy. All investments involve risk and  investment recommendations will not always 
be profitable. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.  Investment returns and principal 
values of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's investment may be worth more or less 
than its original value.
