________________________________________________________________________  
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.  Please see the last page  for more detailed 
performance footnotes. 
 
 
  
May 1, 2026 
 
Dear Investors, 
 
For the quarter ended March  31, 2026, Southpoint Qualified Fund LP and Southpoint Qualified 
Offshore Fund, Ltd. (collectively, the “Funds” or “Southpoint Capital”) appreciated by 3.6% and 
3.5% respectively, net of fees and expenses.  This return compares to a 4.4% decline in the S&P 500 
and a 0.9% gain in the Russell 2000.  During the quarter, the Funds were on average 117% long and 
61% short.  On a gross basis, our long positions add ed 2.9% to the quarterly return and our short 
positions added 2.5% to the Funds’ return.  Our average long in creased in value by 1.8% and our 
average short de creased in value by 4.0% during the quarter.  Our returns 1 compared to market 
indices (with reinvested dividends) are below: 
  
 
  Q1 2026 FY 2026 
Since Inception 
July 2004 
Southpoint Qualified Fund LP +3.6% +3.6% +781.6% 
Southpoint Qualified Offshore Fund, Ltd. +3.5% +3.5% +751.8% 
S&P 500  -4.4% -4.4% +765.9% 
Russell 2000 +0.9% +0.9% +463.0% 
HFRI Equity Hedge Index -0.5% -0.5% +256.0% 
 
For the first quarter, our five largest contributors added 6.1% to the Funds’ return on a gross basis, 
and included the following: 
 
A long position in Qnity (Q) contributed 1.5%  to the gross return. Qnity is a recent spinoff from 
DuPont (DD) that produces the consumables used by semiconductor foundries to build the wafers 
and chips used in Artificial Intelligence (AI) servers, High Bandwidth Memory, and other advanced 
applications like high-end smartphones and consumer electronics. Qnity makes the pads that smooth 
wafers, metals and materials that shield high-powered AI chips from thermal energy, as well as other 
consumables that benefit from content gains. As the number of layers increases for advanced chips, 
more of Q’s products are required for each wafer. Qnity partners with all large foundries and memory 
OEMs to integrate its technology and products into each new process node, thereby locking in its 
growth for each new technology cycle. Despite these compelling attributes, the spinoff was messy. 
It coincided with a broader selloff in semiconductor names, and the company’s large China exposure 
and rising memory costs weighed on the shares out of the gate.  We were able to establish a large 
position during this chaotic transition and actively engaged with management to clarify some 
transient risks around their communication  and the presentation of their financials , which are 
 
1 Performance net of fees and expenses 
 
 
 
2 
common stumbling blocks for recently listed equities. During the quarter, Q reported robust, clean 
results, validating our belief that they would outperform  consensus expectations. The share price 
appreciated significantly since the time of our investment, leading us to exit our position to reinvest 
in other areas. 
 
A long position in SK Hynix  (000660 KS ) contributed 1.2% to the gross return. SK Hynix 
outperformed in the quarter  as commodity memory ( DRAM) contract prices inflected sharply and 
High Bandwidth Memory (HBM)  tightness persisted, validating the “ double shortage” thesis that 
HBM wafer conversion is actively cannibalizing commodity supply. Competitor Samsung’s first 
quarter preannouncement confirmed the cycle is broad  based across memory, and a design win on 
Nvidia’s (NVDA) Vera Rubin platform extended AI cont ent-per-socket beyond HBM into server 
low-power DRAM. We expect tightness to persist through 2028 as the entire industry struggles to 
add capacity fast enough to close the supply gap against agentic AI bit intensity. We believe t he 
market continues to underestimate the cycle’s duration and the company’s ultimate earnings power, 
with our estimates materially above consensus. We continue to expect the company to approve an  
American Depository Receipt ( ADR) listing, broadening ownership and liquidity and possibly 
catalyzing multiple appreciation toward competitor Micron’s valuation.   
 
A long position in Circle Internet  (CRCL) contributed 1.2% to the gross return.  We have been 
studying CRCL since its initial public offering in June 2025. CRCL is the leading player in the U.S. 
onshore stablecoin marketplace with its USDC stablecoin offering. We think of stablecoins as digital 
dollars, backed on a 1:1 basis by U.S. Treasury bills or similar dollar assets. Stablecoin adoption in 
the U.S. received a significant boost when the government signed into law the Guiding and 
Establishing National Innovation for U.S. Stablecoins (GENIUS) Act in July 2025. CRCL’s USDC 
stablecoin is fully regulated by U.S. government agencies for highly transparent and audited 
reserves. Due to its transparency and compliance with anti -money laundering a nd know-your-
customer regulations, USDC has been the partner of choice with financial institutions as they embark 
on this payment frontier. C RCL shares were initially received with incredible enthusiasm before 
typical IPO lock -up expirations significantly expanded the public float  and forced a significant 
correction in the shares .  This  CRCL-specific technical dynamic coincided with a broad and deep 
selloff in cryptocurrencies and related equities, creating an opportunity for us to initiate a position.  
Presently, s tablecoins are primarily used as the base pair for trading bitcoin and other 
cryptocurrencies, and CRCL’s current economic model relies on earning interest income on its  
reserves, which it then shares with other key partners.  Yet despite a significant bear market in 
cryptocurrencies, CRCL’s USDC issuance remains at all-time highs. We own CRCL shares because 
we believe in much broader adoption of compliant stablecoins in traditional high-cost, high-friction 
payment areas, such as cross-border payments. Stablecoin activity enabled by blockchain technology 
should be far cheaper, faster, and more transparent than legacy payment  methods. Moreover, other 
emerging applications such as prediction markets, tokenization of financial assets, agentic 
commerce, and video gaming offer a bright future for the industry. We believe CRCL is building the 
payment infrastructure and creating incentives to enhance stablecoin adoption. During the quarter, 
the company pointed to stronger growth in its non-float-based businesses geared toward stablecoin 
transaction volumes and offered a compelling narrative for market expansion, powering the shares 
 
 
 
3 
off their post-IPO lows. We believe broader  adoption of USDC and stablecoins will translate to 
greater investor appreciation of CRCL’s strong position in this rapidly expanding ecosystem. 
 
A long position in a pair of semiconductor capital equipment companies, Applied Materials (AMAT) 
and MKS (MKSI) contributed 1.1% to the gross return.  We initiated this position just two quarters 
ago as we saw prices for memory exploding on the back of AI -led demand and as our diligence 
indicated upcoming capacity shortages across both memory and leading-edge foundry. Importantly, 
as we considered AI-led demand to be durable and in its early innings, we concluded that the next 
phase of the cycle would involve significant capacity additions to accommodate this new demand. 
As m arket expectations for capacity additions across the semiconductor industry expanded, our 
basket appreciated meaningfully during the quarter . When market expectations for future 
semiconductor capital spending began to match our perspective and the stocks priced in an extended 
period of high capital expenditures, we exited our position to reinvest in other areas.   
 
A long position in Oshkosh (OSK) contributed 1.0% to  the gross return. OSK is an under-earning 
specialty truck manufacturer with earnings power poised to double over the next several years. OSK 
is simultaneously scaling production in its firetruck, aerospace, and defense product lines  while 
entering a demand recovery phase in its cyclical construction-related business. OSK owns the 
leading brand position in each of its core markets, and its products earn a pricing premium on both 
the primary and secondary markets. The share price  stagnated after several years of demand 
weakness in its non-residential construction business. Entering this year, our survey work pointed to 
a second-half inflection as rapid data center growth , onshoring, and tax incentives  would lead to 
higher equipment pricing and lower inventory, leading to substantial order growth. The company’s 
less cyclical fire truck, defense, and postal service business lines also have compelling self-help and 
margin opportunities. As the market began to better understand these dynamics amidst a rally in the 
industrial sector, shares appreciated, and we exited our position to reinvest in other areas. 
 
For the first quarter, our five largest detractors  subtracted 3.7% from the Funds’ gross return, and 
included the following: 
 
A long position in Microsoft (MSFT) detracted 1.2% from the gross return.  MSFT’s Azure business 
grew an exceptional 39% during the quarter off an  ever-larger base of revenue as the demand for 
compute to run AI remains in shortage.  Despite very strong operating performance, MSFT was 
caught up in the market’s fears around AI disrupting all software businesses, including the bedrock 
of all enterprises, M365, and its collection of trusted security, compliance, and developer software 
deeply embedded in enterprises . We believe MSFT is well -positioned to be the first software 
company to emerge from the AI -driven disruption narrative weighing on the sector . After 
considering the value of Azure, this collection of assets is currently valued at a single digit multiple 
of cash flow while growing double digits and harnes sing innovation to drive further growth. We 
believe the market underappreciates the value of MSFT’s  enterprise distribution moat  and its 
business model of fast-following innovation in a secure and compliant fashion, as required by CIOs 
and CTOs. We believe MSFT is uniquely positioned to be a  vertically integrated orchestrator for 
 
 
 
4 
enterprises to deploy hundreds of variants of AI models  customized to their needs in a cloud 
environment that strikes a careful balance between security and innovation.   
 
A short position in a basket of companies exposed to weakening  fundamentals in the liquid natural 
gas (LNG) market subtracted 0.8% from the gross return. We initiated this LNG basket position in 
the prior quarter, expecting a multiyear wave of increasingly uncontracted supply from the U.S. and 
Middle East to hit the market just as demand growth from large Asian economies was set to 
disappoint. We expected this confluence of significant supply growth and underwhelming demand 
growth would result in a compression of  European and Asian gas  prices towards U .S. levels and 
create a significant headwind for LNG exporters, European gas producers, and contractors  who 
provide services to this industry. Unfortunately, t his thesis ran headlong into the unanticipated 
hostilities in the Persian Gulf. The prolonged closure of the Strait of Hormuz and damage to regional 
LNG infrastructure have meaningfully altered our expectations. Accordingly, we exited this position 
as we await more clarity on the geopolitical situation to inform our supply/demand model. 
 
A long position in Constellation Energy (CEG) detracted 0.7% from the gross return.  We entered 
the year excited  for the clarity provided by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC),  
explicitly allowing CEG and other power generators to sell their power directly to hyperscalers such 
as MSFT. This ruling was a watershed moment that we expected to result in several large power 
purchase deals for CEG in 2026. The market’s optimism was shaken early in the quarter as the 
Trump administration floated a proposal to change the auction model underpinning PJM, one of the 
primary power markets in which CEG operates. While light on details, this proposal was viewed as 
a market distortion that could, in theory, add excess supply to the market. As  this was another in a 
series of delays for  direct deals with hyperscalers, the market grew impatient and marked down 
independent power producers . In addition, long-awaited guidance for pro-forma 
economics incorporating the large Calpine acquisition featured several below-market hedges for the 
next couple of years. Irrespective of all this noise, we recognize that AI compute demand can only 
be met if the hyperscalers purchase significantly more power to run their data centers. As the largest 
merchant power producer in the US with the largest carbon- free baseload fleet, we continue to 
believe CEG is exceptionally well positioned to benefit from the significant power shortage  we 
expect to materialize in the years ahead. 
 
A long position in St. James Place (STJ LN) detracted 0.6% from the gross return.  The company’s 
share price weakened in early February as the market began to contemplate potential AI disruption 
risk to the financial advice industry. As we have assessed the potential for AI disruption across 
several industries commensurate with the accelerated pace of development, we have reduced or 
exited several positions. As it relates to financial advisors, our research suggests  that AI is unlikely 
to materially disrupt the competitive landscape , as low-cost investing options and roboadvisor 
products have already existed for many years. Further more, we expect that well -capitalized and 
faster moving platforms like St. James will be able to use AI to deliver tools that materially improve 
the productivity of their advisors, reducing the time they spend on administrative, compliance, and 
client maintenance-oriented tasks while freeing them up to spend more time engaging with clients 
and developing new business. In the U.K., where there is a significant under penetration of financial 
 
 
 
5 
advice relative to the population’s needs and financial education level, we think this potential advisor 
productivity uplift from AI can be particularly powerful as STJ LN provides an industry-leading 
technology proposition to its advisor teams. Furthermore, a significant portion of the near tripling in 
free cash flow per share that we expect over the next five  years is due to the transition of  a large 
cohort of non fee-paying clients back to fee -paying status. This dynamic  supports the company’s 
earnings cadence under all scenarios for client fund flows. 
 
A long position in Boeing  (BA) detracted 0.5% from the gross return.  We entered a long position 
in Boeing during the quarter as we built conviction in the company’s execution after almost a decade 
of operational and financial problems. We believe that current management is successfully executing 
this operational turnaround and that the increasing attractiveness of the company’s financial position 
will become more obvious over the next several years.  We contend this recovery is underappreciated 
as it is  just beyond most investors’ investment time horizons. It remains our view that Boeing is 
executing well against key development and production milestones such that in 12- 18 months, the 
market will be able value its normalized earnings potential with a significantly lower discount rate 
than what is currently embedded in the share price. Our entry was unfortunate, as shortly afterward, 
the war in Iran began, driving up oil prices and casting doubt on future airline financials and air 
travel demand. Additionally, Boeing encountered a modest production issue on its  737 program 
which shifted the delivery of approximately 10 planes into the second quarter. It is our view that the 
modest first quarter production slippage, which was rectified expeditiously, is not an indicator of 
future issues.  Our research suggests that demand for new Boeing aircraft deliveries will be resilient 
given significantly overbooked backlogs, meaningful deposits and prepayments, and increased 
appetite for the most operationally efficient aircraft. Given our belief that the issues weighing on 
Boeing were temporary in nature, we used market weakness to add to our position. 
 
Review and Outlook 
 
The Funds started the year with balanced and profitable contributions from both the long and short 
book in the first quarter.  This was a quarter where it often felt like years passed in months.  We will 
get to the major geopolitical developments in a moment, but the most impactful narrative for equities 
continues to be the generational technological shift brought by the emergence of  artificial 
intelligence.  Historically, investors have segmented groups of equities by vertical, by market cap, 
by beta and relative exposure to market  movements and the business cycle , by structural growth 
rates, among other filters.  Many, if not most, of those distinctions have faded from view as investors 
gauge whether a particular company or industry is a “have” or “have not” as it relates to the 
deployment of AI.  This is almost all that matters in equity markets today.   
 
Perhaps most interesting and concerning to us, the market has not awarded “AI Winner” status to 
virtually any adopters of the technology.  As of the time of this writing, the only unambiguous AI 
Winners are AI infrastructure assets situated in the semiconductor, semiconductor equipment , 
networking, electrical component, power, or related data center industries. On the other hand, “AI 
 
 
 
6 
Losers” are abundant, with significant carnage inflicted upon investors in the software, information 
services, and professional services industries. In these sectors, the market’s judgement has been swift 
and severe, discounting a significant erosion of terminal values even where significant near-term 
fundamental impact appears improbable . Our first priority in these areas  has been risk mitigation, 
which has helped our long book outperform the indices this quarter. The second priority has been to 
lean into these exposures in our short book. Our most meaningful contributors among AI -related 
short positions have been managers of private equity and private credit funds, software companies, 
staffing and payroll-related businesses, information services providers, and commercial real estate 
brokerages. 
 
The conflict in the Middle East  emerged quickly, then escalated to a significantly worse level than 
most investors would have anticipated heading into the year. Nevertheless, U.S. equity indices are 
trading at higher levels than when hostilities began. Without a negotiated settlement in view, markets 
have been remarkably buoyant despite a stagflationary consumer shock that may also restrict the 
Federal Reserve’s options and create a higher interest rate environment. The eruption of the conflict 
did not create much in the way of  investable opportunities for us , as the main beneficiaries were 
energy companies whose profitability bounce is of uncertain  duration. We would submit that the 
Middle East dynamics created yet another risk factor that the equity market pushed through, and 
which creates potential downstream risk from here.   
 
When combined with the specter of significant erosion in several areas of the labor market, we  
remain vigilant and concerned about the economic cycle and the health of the consumer. We carry 
historically low exposure to cyclical end markets, equities in the discretionary consumer space, and 
other industries that require strong labor markets and robust consumer confidence.  While we have 
strong conviction in our portfolio, it is hard er to be excited about the general indices in a time of 
extreme technology and policy uncertainty. High valuations versus historical levels add risk and do 
not sync up well with a marketplace that is being led by a very narrow set of tech hardware 
companies that have historically had hypercyclical characteristics and low returns on capital through 
the cycle. We expect the rapid adoption of AI to meet substantial political interference from both 
sides of the aisle as we get closer to election season and job losses and affordability issues become 
more pronounced. Risk management is at the top of our priorities today. 
 
Turning to quarterly performance, the first quarter featured eight investments that contributed greater 
than 50 basis points of performance on a gross basis, and four investments that detracted more than 
50 basis points of performance on a gross basis. This ratio helped the F und generate a long / short 
spread of + 1.8% versus -4.0% in the quarter on a gross basis. We have historically generated an 
attractive alpha return for the year when we can annualize a long / short spread greater than 10%, so 
we are off to a solid start. The first quarter began with some moments of market euphoria and closed 
with some moments of panic, all packed into just 90 days. Generating performance required some 
significant trading around core positions  as share prices were very loosely tethered to reasonable 
estimates of intrinsic value. As we noted earlier in the letter, we chose to recycle quite a great deal 
 
 
 
7 
of our exposures into fresher ideas , while also adding significantly to other exposures after they 
came under pressure during the Iran conflict.   
 
The portfolio is bookended by investments in hypergrowth megatrends like AI , agentic commerce, 
and decentralized finance (DeFi), while we also carry  quite a significant exposure to AI-defensive 
areas such as healthcare and other industries that live in “the world of atoms” with hard assets. From 
a geographic perspective , as we noted in previous  letters, our exposure to Europe has diminished 
significantly. Asia continues to be a significant component of our AI-related positioning, which has 
contributed significantly to performance in the beginning of the second quarter.   
 
Operational Update 
 
We are excited to share that we recently added Alex Jensen to the trading team. Alex comes with 
strong prior experience at Bank of America, including as a significant trading partner to Southpoint 
over many years. Previous to Bank of America, Alex served as a Captain in the United States Army. 
Alex joins us after the March retirement of  John Cerick . We congratulate John on his many 
contributions to the firm and wish him well as he travels and enjoys retirement.   Congratulations on 
a great career, John! 
 
We are grateful for the opportunity to invest with  a time horizon that allows us to maximize risk -
adjusted returns on a long-term basis amid the geopolitical volatility and rapid technological change 
we are all observing.  We remain highly confident that our experienced team and investment process 
can effectively guide us through these dynamic market conditions.  We look forward to updating 
you on our thoughts either in person or in future correspondence. 
   
Sincerely,  
 
SOUTHPOINT CAPITAL ADVISORS LP 
 
This letter has been prepared for the exclusive use of investors in Southpoint Qualified Fund LP and Southpoint 
Qualified Offshore Fund, Ltd. (collectively, the “Funds”).  It is for informational purposes only and does not 
constitute an offer to provide advisory services to any person, and does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation 
of an offer to purchase, any of the investments discussed herein or any  interests in or shares of the Funds, which 
such offer or solicitation, if any, may be made only by means of the respective offering memoranda and other 
offering materials of the Funds.  
 
This letter and the information set forth herein is private and confidential, is not intended for public use or 
distribution, and may not be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of Southpoint Capital 
Advisors, LP (“Southpoint”). 
 
The Funds invest substantially all of  its investable assets through Southpoint Master Fund, LP.   Results shown 
herein represent the net performance of Southpoint Qualified Fund LP ( the “Fund”) from July 1, 2004 through last 
quarter-end of a new issue unrestricted investor in the Fund after t he deduction of applicable fees and expenses, 
including a 1.5% management fee paid quarterly in advance, and a 20% performance allocation, subject to a high 
 
 
 
8 
water mark, paid annually, in each case, payable by Southpoint Master Fund, LP, as well as the deduction of the 
highest ongoing expenses payable with respect to the Funds, in addition to the reinvestment of all dividends and 
other earnings, if any.  Net performance results for Southpoint Qualified Offshore Fund, Ltd. may vary slightly from 
the net performance represented herein due to a variety of factors, including differing ongoing expenses incurred by 
the Funds.  As such there can be differences between a composite performance record and the actual record achieved 
for any given fund. The performance discussion herein presented is for informational and comparative purposes 
only.  
  
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.   No representation is made that any Fund or any 
other investment vehicle will, or is likely to, achieve a performance record similar to that shown.  
   
The performance data set forth herein is not audited and should not be relied on as such.   The performance data set 
forth herein includes unrealized gains, and there can be no assurance that unrealized investments will be monetized 
at the valuations used to calculate the performance data set forth herein.  Past performance is not indicative of, and 
is not a prediction or guarantee of, future results. 
 
Any references to the S&P 500 Index, the Russell 2000 Index,  the HFRI Equity Hedge Index, Nasdaq Composite,  
MSCI World ex USA Index, iShares 7 -10 Year Treasury Bond ETF (IEF), iShares iBoxx $ Investment Grade 
Corporate Bond ETF, and iShares U.S. Real Estate ETF (IYR) (collectively, the “Indices ”) are provided for 
comparison purposes only, and the comparison is not suggested to mean and does not mean that there should or will 
be any correlation between the returns of the Funds, on the one hand, and that of any of the Indices, on the other 
hand.   The S&P 500 Index is considered to be generally representative of the U.S. large capitalization stock market 
as a whole.  The Russell 2000 Index is considered to be generally representative of the U.S. small capitalization 
stock market as a whole.  The HFR I Equity Hedge Index is an equally weighted performance composite of hedge 
fund managers reporting in the Equity Hedge class.  Managers in this class seek to profit through a core holding of 
long equities hedged at all times with short sales of stocks and/or stock index options.  Leverage is commonly 
employed, and some managers may have limited assets invested in securities other that equity securities.  No 
representation is made that any of the Indices represent an appropriate benchmark against which to co mpare the 
Funds’ performance; rather, the Indices are included solely to provide for a comparison of the Funds’ performance 
to that of certain well-known and widely recognized indices.  The returns of the Funds differ from that of the Indices 
for a wide variety of reasons, including, among other things, that the Funds are actively managed, invest in different 
assets and in different amounts than the Indices, and may use leverage.    Also, the Indices are not actively managed, 
include the reinvestment of all income and are not subject to fees and expenses, including transaction costs, typically 
associated with private investment funds, including the Funds.  It is not possible to invest directly in the Indices. 
 
The Funds’ portfolio will typically contain a larger number of positions than those discussed herein. The 
performance discussed herein should not be relied upon as indicative of the overall portfolio performance that may 
be expected to be achieved by the F unds.  The positions identified herein do not represent all of the securities 
purchased, sold or held for the portfolio during the quarter.  Also, the Fund may establish a position in a custom 
basket of securities.  This may be done in the form of a custom  swap basket or the Firm may establish a custom 
basket within the portfolio the components of which will be traded, tracked and recorded in the Firm's books and 
records.  For purposes of reporting the top five winner and losers for the Funds' portfolio for  each quarter, custom 
baskets are a group of individual investment positions that are tracked and reported as single positions for their 
gain/loss impact to the portfolio. The constituent positions of each basket will not be tracked and reported for their 
individual gain/loss impact.   
   
Southpoint considers the information provided by third parties set forth in this letter to be reliable, but assumes no 
responsibility for the accuracy of such information.   The views expressed and information provided are based on 
Southpoint’s proprietary research and analysis, and reflect Southpoint’s views as of the date of this letter. Given 
that certain information may not be verifiable or may be subject to other inherent limitations, such as the impact of 
geopolitical, economic or other market factors, the views expressed and information provided herein should not be 
relied upon as definitive and are subject to change without notice at any time.  
 
The information contained herein does not purport to present a complete picture of the activities, strategies or plans 
of the Funds.  There are numerous factors related to the markets in general and the implementation of any specific 
 
 
 
9 
investment program that cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of the information presented herein.     No 
conclusion of any type should be drawn regarding the future performance of the Funds based upon the information 
presented herein. 
 
The description herein of investment strategies is intended to be a summary and should not be considered an 
exhaustive and complete description of the potential investment strategies to be used by Southpoint.  Investment 
strategies may be added or subtracted by Southpoint in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 
It should not be assumed that any of the holdings, transactions or strategies discussed herein will be profitable, or 
that the specific investments of the Funds will be profitable, either individually or in the aggregate.  
 
The information contained herein is provided for informational purposes only, is not complete, and does not contain 
certain material information about the Funds, including important disclosures and risk factors associated with an 
investment in the Funds, and is subject to change without notice.  
 
This letter may contain examples or hypothetical scenarios.  Any such examples or hypothetical scenarios are 
provided for illustrative purposes only, are based on Southpoint’s assessment of available information and contain 
numerous assumptions. Changes in these assumptions or the inclusion of exclusion of any single assumption may 
have a material impact on the hypoth etical scenario presented. Certain assumptions have been made for modeling 
purposes and may or may not be realized. No representations and war ranties are made as to the reasonableness of 
the assumptions.  
 
Certain statements contained herein may constitute "forward -looking statements," which can be identified by the 
use of forward -looking terminology such as "may", "will", "should", "expect", "anticipate", "target", "project", 
"estimate", "intend", "continue " or "believe" or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable 
terminology.  Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results or the actual performance may differ 
materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward -looking statements.    Statements concerning 
forward-looking views about any investments discussed herein are purely informational, subject to change at any 
time without notice, and should not be relied upon for investment decisions.
