Confidential – Not for Distribution 
 
 
“People who are making decisions must bear the results of the decisions. In Rome, the builder 
and designer stood under the bridge when the scaffolding was removed. In Parachutes, you 
pack your own chute. Capitalism works that way too. At a restaurant, the owner is bearing 
the consequences. If he slips, he doesn’t do well. Frankl would be pleased with the restaurant 
business and not pleased with investment banking.”  
 – Charlie Munger 
First Quarter 2026 Investor Letter 
During the first quarter, Starfort Partners LP (“Starfort” or the “Fund”) returned 6% (net) and ended the 
period ~87% invested (one position was acquired in late March).1  
The partnership own ed 13 positions which represent ed 3% or more of assets , with an  average size of 
~5.9%. Industries represented include d financial services, industrial & consumer goods or services, real 
estate services, investment firms, and energy. Our largest geographic concentration is in the Asia Pacific 
region with the current portfolio, by my estimate, having a double-digit median normalized earnings yield. 
The below table includes a few benchmarks, none of which I feel is a particularly good fit. Our long-term 
goal remains to double investor capital during 6-year periods with positive results over 3-year intervals. 
 
  
 
Built to Last 
A famous thought experiment involves Mary, who’s spent her whole life in a colorless room. She’s only 
ever seen gradients or gray but is incalculably well-read and knows every color related fact (wavelength 
physics, retina chemistry, brain biology, etc.) Does s he understand redness perfectly, or would a garden 
walk teach her something new (the missing qualia)?  
Many stock pickers are like Mary: enormously well-read on business principles, but who might as well be 
working from an arctic outpost. That can work so long as there are relatively minor differences between 
the maps and the terrain (narratives and figures vs. reality). This isn’t always the case. 
For instance, customers of California-centric burger chains have experienced moats expand or contract in 
living color, while financial statements were delayed and black-and-white. Coincidentally, a few of  the 
 
1 Returns of Starfort from January 2026 to March 2026. Performance data is unaudited, includes reinvestment of 
interest and earnings, and is net of all fees and estimated performance allocation.  
MSCI MSCI ACWI MSCI ACWI MSCI Russell
ACWI Small Cap ex USA Small Cap AC ASIA 2000
2016 24.8% 7.9% 12.1% 3.9% 3.9% 21.2%
2017 15.6% 24.0% 24.3% 31.7% 33.4% 14.6%
2018 3.1% (9.4%) (14.0%) (18.2%) (13.7%) (11.0%)
2019 20.4% 26.6% 25.2% 22.4% 18.8% 25.5%
2020 22.5% 16.3% 16.8% 14.2% 20.9% 20.0%
2021 17.8% 18.5% 16.5% 12.9% (2.5%) 14.8%
2022 1.5% (18.4%) (18.3%) (20.0%) (18.6%) (20.4%)
2023 14.8% 22.2% 17.4% 15.7% 11.1% 16.9%
2024 4.5% 17.5% 8.2% 3.4% 10.6% 11.5%
2025 28.8% 22.9% 20.3% 29.3% 29.6% 12.8%
2026 6.0% (3.1%) 1.2% (0.5%) (0.1%) 0.9%
Total 329.6% 194.9% 158.0% 117.5% 117.1% 152.4%
Annualized 15.3% 11.1% 9.7% 7.9% 7.9% 9.5%
Returns to March 31, 2026
Starfort Partners 
LP (Net)
2 
 
restaurants now struggling had little owner involvement  and lots of  financial engineering , while t he 
thriving ones are family owned. 
But for a long time it would have seemed like the  family-owned chains left money and growth on the 
table, and burdened returns on equity by owning some land or providing better employee benefits. If you 
have a portfolio of business service firms, perhaps that’s theoretically right. But with these simple and 
timeless products (burgers and fries), perhaps some shareholder long-termism from at-risk owners helps 
produce the durable success.  
And someday, heirs of those successful burger chains may sell the firm and kickstart a new chapter where 
financial buyers trade it back-and-forth every 7 years. Are they going to act like  owners or renters? Of 
course, the first few years will see profits grow (prices up, benefits down) on less capital (sell land, raise 
debt). The black-and-white financial map might convey a better run firm. But at the territory level, you 
might see a moat consumed, and eventually a bag of snakes supporting a greater fool game.  
That is h yperbolic, but my HVAC servicer was recently “rolled up” and they quickly started converting 
intangibles to cash (younger techs pushing unnecessary add-ons at higher prices). Their hamburgers suck 
now, so we won’t recommend them to friends or use them for a new system, but I’d guess profits are up. 
When Ray (the old owner) installed our air conditioner, he wasn’t focused on delivering a 1.9-2.2x gross 
MOIC in 4-6 years so he could raise another fund or be bigger in the next carry pool. Maybe for the new 
owner, this business is basically a piece of meat, so some smash-and-grab management makes sense. 
And rising LBO careerists are expected to have shorter time frames vs. a consummate founder, but they 
may also have skewed incentives towards less downside protection. If you have one deal per fund to keep 
on a professional track towards Senior Partner, maybe a 0.8x MOIC deal and a donut are equally unhelpful. 
May as well unbundle the low-risk assets (receivables, etc.), borrow against the rest, monetize those old 
5-star reviews, and hope for no macro discontinuities. If it doesn’t work, well, rules for preschoolers like 
“clean up that mess before playing with the next thing” aren’t a big part of high finance. 
I’m no prude about this: we’ve invested in numerous private equity firms whose main assets are interests 
in many funds , each with many levered companies. Th at purposely engenders different risk-reward 
attitudes and incentives versus owning a single asset, and plenty of things are legitimately run better in 
that system. 
But we’ve also invested in many founder-run firms that have more in common with the family-owned 
burger chain: G reat businesses that manage to grow with attractive returns on equity despite owning 
their real estate, not squeezing suppliers on payable days, and keeping some pricing-slack in the system. 
Sometimes even the most built-to-last of these firms sell at enormous discounts to their fragile 
comparables with more polished presentations.  
Interestingly, when these firms come up in conversations, the questions are frequently some variant of: 
why don’t they massively de -equitize the business?  I’d suggest fram ing that question delicately to a 
founder and leader that designed the firm’s first widget, achieved $100m of growing profits, and plans to 
die with their stock certificates in family hands.  
But with a business leader like that, what might you confidently infer from a map about the true intangible 
strengths of the firm? That is something Buffett is famously good at, and perhaps part of it comes down 
to this: 
“the idea that we’re going to find a business to buy from some guy who, from the moment  
he bought it a few years ago, has been thinking, ‘How do I get out of this thing?’ . . . We 
won’t trust the figures. . . . What we like is a business that, where the guy before was 
running with the idea of running it for a hundred years, and taking care of the business in 
every way possible and was not contemplating sale, but, for one reason or another, finally 
needs to monetize the company.”  – Warren Buffett 
 
 
Confidential – Not for Distribution 
 
3 
This isn’t religious dogma for us: we  are also invested in firms with no large shareholders and where  
leaders must run a tight ship or else deal with gunboat diplomats with a reputation for enlightened 
interference to protect. But when a skilled owner-operator is radically penalized for prioritizing multiple 
business constituencies, heavily fortifying all the territory they take , and building their business to last, 
that can be a sweet spot for us. They’re also not crowded trades!  
And I don’t think that preference usually penalizes long-term upside, but I believe it can help protect the 
downside in many possible scenarios. For instance, a growing net cash apartment manager, with a fortress 
balance sheet built to last by the founder, may work out more often than a generic systems integrator run 
by its third sponsor servicing a debt level that would have sounded unbelievable 10 years ago. 
Portfolio Update 
Is fanaticism easily identifiable in business? It is in my field. I know investment managers who retired to 
pursuing their true passion: shuttling between a city and lakefront home office to do even more stock 
picking! If they gave it up, they’d likely die sooner. It isn’t my circle, but I’ve never heard of that happening 
with mid-market private lenders, and I doubt their cause of death would be similar. 
Sometimes you see a business leader where the firm’s success is the cornerstone mission of their life, and 
they’ll be talking about improving the hamburgers on their deathbed.  That’s not the commencement 
speech life advice I’d give; but it’s a fact that helps sustain global progress and is very difficult to compete 
against.  
But even with passion, how about assessing skill and character? Well that has distinct markers too, such 
as: what business hand they were dealt and what they then accomplished vs. competitors, how they 
allocated capital, how they treated owners over time, and their reputation with the local business 
community (most people eventually have the reputation they deserve). 
We’ve been purchasing shares in a Japanese company run by a fanatic who prioritizes timeless service 
metrics over near -term financial ratios . I’d hate to compete with this guy. Though t hat emphasis is 
depressing current ret urns on capital , we believe by constructing a n increasingly durable moat those 
financial metrics will follow and rise to attractive levels in a sustainable way. In short, we believe the map 
understates the beauty of the territory, and that eventual revelation may lead to a higher valuatio n. If 
we’re wrong, we also feel in the current advantages and balance sheet create strong downside protection. 
As noted above, one of our positions was fully acquired towards the end of the quarter. Their long-term 
leader is an exceptional businessman who produced excellent long-term results for shareholders in a low-
risk and classy way. Thank you again, George! 
Our largest position in Korea has meaningful exposure to capital expenditures in the semiconductor field. 
Developments in that area appear to be trending in a constructive manner, and that may be quite good 
for this firm’s prospects over the medium term.  
We’ve been quite pleased by the progress some of our Korean companies have made recently in their 
shareholder communications and commitments to higher payout s. We plan to continue encouraging 
some of these firms in those areas, as they continue with these commendable improvements! 
We also continue to have a preference for more distribution -oriented businesses, as touched on in our 
last third quarter letter. That certainly characterizes a couple  of the  investments we ’re building and 
excited about. 
As for technological disruption, we feel short-term risks are comparatively benign for many of our firms, 
but encourage you to make your own judgements, perhaps aided by the section below. Some firms may 
even benefit from greater technological efficiencies that need not result in lower consumer prices. Either 
way, we hope to add more texture to the map, via some look-through economic activities of the portfolio. 
4 
 
What You Own 
By my best estimate, a $1 million partnership interest  currently has illustrative look-through economics 
toward the following activities (in estimated annual figures)2: 
• Owning balance sheet assets comprising: 
o ~$410,000 in look-through net cash or investments (only net-cash firms – not net figure) 
o ~$200,000 in look-through private equity or strategic investments 
o ~$120,000 in portfolio cash (elevated from the late-in-quarter acquisition) 
o ~$120,000 in look-through book value of owned properties 
• Providing asset management or advisory services on ~$27,000,000 of capital 
• Selling the below combination of services: 
o ~$300,000 worth of payment processing services 
o ~$260,000 in distribution of materials, chemicals, and pharmaceutical ingredients 
o ~$90,000 of value-added industrial distribution 
o ~$30,000 in engineering & construction services 
o ~$20,000 in brokerage commissions, consulting, or credit-rating services 
o ~$20,000 of maintenance services (or aftermarket parts) at equipment dealerships  
• Owning the mineral rights to ~172 American net acres 
• Providing property management for ~16 apartment and corporate housing units  
• Selling ~211 (largely quite high-end) rice-cookers 
• Compiling the market leading credit scores for ~720 businesses & consumers 
• Selling the below combination of goods: 
o ~$220,000 in mainly semiconductor-related piping & chemical handling equipment 
o ~$75,000 in specialty equipment towards LNG infrastructure or medical devices 
o ~$55,000 in appliance rentals 
o ~$45,000 in eyeglass lenses 
o ~$35,000 in automotive, industrial, and marine lubricants 
o ~$15,000 of heavy equipment sales at dealerships  
• Additional interests, including some near-monopoly-share airplane parts! 
One might notice that the first three bullets (balance sheet section) sum to about $850,000. Clearly certain 
firms are over-capitalized, but as alluded to above : so long as they’re growing their well-run business at 
an attractive clip, widen ing their moat s, generat ing attractive returns on equity, and improv ing their 
capital allocation, we don’t mind a fortress balance sheet. 
As for bullets related to the income statement, our best estimate is that same $1 million  partnership 
interest had look-through revenue and pretax profits of ~$1.5m and ~$145k, respectively.   
If left untouched for a decade, I’d expect this portfolio to produce cumulative earnings in excess of  its 
current market value, to have a reduced basis (via dividends), and to be entitled to an increased share (via 
buybacks) of these firms’ substantially higher earnings. We think that proposition is attractive , and feel 
extremely grateful we have the trust of phenomenal partners to pick our spots! 
 
2 Illustrative purposes only.  References various timeframes, but generally either last-reported twelve months, 
calendar 2025, my estimate, or a representative prior figure, and generally rounded to the nearest $5k.  Prepared 
by the General Partner using outside materials believed to be reliable. Figures meant to be approximate, are 
rounded, and some figures amalgamate or split up the business activities of multiple positions.  
 
 
Confidential – Not for Distribution 
 
5 
Expectations 
Thank you for trusting Starfort with your investment. We are working hard to compound capital at a 
satisfactory rate and to avoid the loss of value over a multi -year period. A large portion of my net worth 
is invested in the Fund to achieve that goal. 
Our objective is to produce attractive returns over the long -term, but there will inevitably be periods of 
underperformance. While I believe Starfort will produce good outcomes, we do not actively manage 
volatility, and know this strategy is not the right fit for everyone.  
Please feel free to contact me with questions, interest in our partnership, and as always, your favorite  
investment ideas.  Respectfully, 
 
 
 
Jeff O’Donohue 
Starfort Capital Management LLC 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6 
 
 
CONFIDENTIAL & PROPRIETARY 
This material does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Please refer to rel evant offering memorandum and other related 
documents for additional information. Any data here is obtained from what are considere d reliable sources; however, we cannot guarantee its accuracy. Any 
reproduction or other distribution of this material in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Starfort Capital Management LLC, the investment manager 
of Starfort Partners LP (the “Fund”), is prohibited. 
This report is for informational purposes only and should not be construed as investment advice. It is not a recommendation o f, or an offer to sell or solicitation of an 
offer to buy, any particular security, strategy or investment product. Our research fo r this report is based on current public information that we consider reliable, but 
we do not represent that the research or the report is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. Our view s and opinions expressed in this report are 
current as of the date of this report and are subject to change.  
INVESTMENT STRATEGY 
The description herein of the approach of Starfort Capital Management LLC and the targeted characteristics of its strategies and investments is based on current 
expectations and should not be considered definitive or a guarantee that the approaches, strategies, and investment portfolio will, in fact, possess these characteristics. 
In addition, the description herein of the Fund’s risk management strategies is based on current expectations and should not be considered definitive or a guarantee 
that such strategies will reduce all risk.  These descriptions are based on information available as of the date of preparation of this document, and the description may 
change over time.  Past performance of these strategies is not necessarily indicative of future resu lts.  There is the possibility of loss and all investment involves risk 
including the loss of principal.   
HYPOTHETICAL SCENARIOS 
Certain hypothetical scenarios described herein are for illustrative purposes only and the securities described are not actua l securities held by the Fund. Inclusion of 
such scenarios is not intended as a recommendation to purchase or sell any security and  performance of these scenarios is not necessarily indicative of actual results.  
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS/PROJECTIONS  
Any projections, forecasts and estimates contained in this document are necessarily speculative in nature and are based upon certain assumptions. In addition, matters 
they describe are subject to known (and unknown) risks, uncertainties and other unpredict able factors, many of which are beyond the Fund’s control.  No 
representations or warranties are made as to the accuracy of such forward-looking statements. It can be expected that some or all of such forward-looking assumptions 
will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results.  Accordingly, any projections are only estimates and actual results will differ and may vary substantially 
from the projections or estimates shown. 
PERFORMANCE RESULTS 
Performance results of the Fund are presented for information purposes only and reflect the impact that material economic and  market factors had on the manager’s 
decision-making process. No representation is being made that any investor or portfolio will o r is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those discussed.   
The results reflect the deduction of (i) an annual asset management fee of 1%, charged quarterly; (ii) a performance allocati on of 25% of net profits taken annually, 
subject to a high water mark and 6% hurdle rate (note: the performance allocation is deduc ted from the results as if it was accrued and allocated on a monthly basis); 
and (iii) other expenses incurred by the Fund and personal account (including brokerage expenses). The performance figures in clude the reinvestment of any dividends 
and other earn ings, but do not take into account the removal of any funds from the account. Individual investors may have different returns  based upon different 
management fee and performance allocation arrangements, and the timing of contributions and withdrawals.  Performance numbers were prepared by Starfort Capital 
Management LLC, and have not been compiled, reviewed or audited by an independent accountant. Performance estimates are subje ct to future adjustment and 
revision. The information provided is historical and  is not a guide to future performance. Investors should be aware that a loss of investment is possible.  
Results are net of all standard fees calculated at the highest rate charged, expenses and estimated incentive allocation. Fun d returns are inclusive of the reinvestment 
of dividends and other earnings, including income from new issues. The returns do not g ive effect to high water marks, if any. Returns may vary for investors who are 
restricted from participating in new issues. 
This presentation cannot and does not guarantee or predict a similar outcome with respect to any future investment. Starfort Capital Management LLC makes no 
implications, warranties, promises, suggestions or guarantees whatsoever, in whole or in part, that  by participating in any investment of or with Starfort Capital 
Management LLC you will experience similar investment results and earn any money whatsoever.  
Future investments may be made under different economic conditions and in different securities and using different investment  strategies than were used during the 
time discussed herein. Furthermore, the performance discussed herein reflects investment of limited funds for a limited period of time and does not reflect performance 
in different economic or market cycles. It should not be assumed that future investors will experience returns, if any, compa rable to those of the Partnership discussed 
herein. The information given above is historic and should not be taken as any indication of future performance. Our own results are gene rally expected to suffer from 
falling equity markets. 
INDEX COMPARISONS 
Performance data of the MSCI ACWI Index, MSCI ACWI Small Cap Index, MSCI ACWI ex USA Small Cap Index, MSCI AC Asia Index, and the Russell 2000 Index is included 
to facilitate comparisons between the Partnership’s returns and overall market performance. The  Partnership’s portfolio may contain equity (including restricted 
securities) and fixed income investments, foreign securities, short sales of securities and margin trading and is not as diversified as any of those indices. The Partnership’s 
investments may not be included in all or any of the reflected indices. Due to the differences among the Partnership’s investment strategie s and the securities that 
compose the MSCI ACWI Index, MSCI ACWI Small Cap Index, MSCI ACWI ex USA Small Cap Index, MSCI AC Asia In dex, and Russell 2000 indices, the General Partner 
cautions potential investors that no such index is directly comparable to the Partnership’s investment strategy. All index pe rformance results were derived from index 
factsheet data, are rounded, are belie ved to represent total returns that include the reinvestment of dividends,  and are annualized by the investment manager in a 
method believed to be reasonable. The sources and methodologies for this information are considered reliable; however, we cannot guarantee their accuracy.  
POSITIONS 
The holdings identified do not represent all of the securities purchased, sold, or recommended for the Fund.  It should not b e assumed that recommendations made in 
the future will be profitable or will equal the performance of the securities in this list.  Past performance does not guarantee future results.  Specific companies or 
securities mentioned in this letter are meant to demonstrate Starfort Capital Management LLC’s investment style and are not selected based on performance.  Positions 
reflected do not represent all the positions held, purchased, or sold, and in the aggregate, the information may represent a small percentage of activity.  The information 
presented is intended to provide insight into the noteworthy events, in the sole opinion of Starfo rt Capital Management LLC, affecting the Fund.   
Information regarding position sizes are prepared by Starfort Capital Management LLC, and have not been reviewed or audited b y an independent accountant or 
outside parties. Such analysis is based on figures contained in materials generated by outside sourc es, and those materials or subsequent calculations may contain 
errors.  The levels of portfolio balances and positions sizing are not necessarily reflective of either portfolio concentrati on or cash balances held during prior periods, 
and are not necessarily indicative of figures for any future periods. The geographic and industry characteristics shown are based on the descripto rs viewed by Starfort 
Capital Management LLC to be most representative, and not necessarily the regions of incorporation or the industries of record.  These characterizations were prepared 
by Starfort Capital Management LLC, and have not been reviewed or audited by outside parties.  Figures may represent the posi tion sizing of multiple amalgamated 
investments at year-end.
