1 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL – NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
May 4, 2026 
Dear Investors and Friends,  
Sunriver’s Hedge Fund1 returned (11.6%) in Q1 2026. On an inception-to-date basis3, the Hedge Fund is 
compounding net returns at 6.9%.  
 
 
 
Sunriver’s Long-Only Fund1 returned (14.9%) in Q1 2026. On an inception-to-date basis3, the Long -Only 
Fund is compounding net returns at 5.4%.  
 
 
 
Commentary 
 
Sunriver had a poor Q1. Our shorts made money and alpha 6, but these positive results were outweighed 
by sharp losses on some of our long investments. Q1 was our worst quarterly profit and alpha 
performance in our twelve-year history.        
 
We understand the disappointment that investors must feel with these results. You should expect better 
outcomes from us, just as we expect better of ourselves. You deserve an explanation as to why our long 
results have lagged so badly.  
 
During Q1, a number of our longs  were impacted by  the market’s burgeoning worries about AI. In 
particular, software and information services shares were hit hard as investors reacted with angst to just 
about every AI-related press release and product announcement. On some days, certain stocks declined 
simply due to new job postings on the websites of major AI companies. AI concerns were at a fever pitch.  
 
Amidst this backdrop, o ur top five long detractors declined an average of 3 5% in the quarter, driven by 
multiple compression. The average forward P/E multiple of these stocks fell from 16x to 10x in Q1, with 
some hitting new all-time low valuations.  These shares traversed the road from GARP to value in a hurry, 
all with no material change in forward earnings estimates.  
 
We think t his broad-based and extreme pessimism in sectors and companies we know well is creating 
some fantastic investment opportunities for us. We have added to or initiated certain long investments 
where the risk/rewards are among the most attractive  we have seen . Most often, these investments 
SUNRIVER HEDGE FUND PERFORMANCE THROUGH MARCH 31, 2026
Returns 1 Q1 '26 YTD2 Performance Attribution 4 Q1 '26 YTD2
Net (15%) (11.6%) (11.6%) Long (14.8%) (14.8%)
Net (20%) (11.6%) (11.6%) Short 3.5% 3.5%
Other Income/Expense 5 (0.3%) (0.3%)
Gross Return 1 (11.6%) (11.6%)
SUNRIVER LONG-ONLY PERFORMANCE THROUGH MARCH 31, 2026
Returns 1 Q1 '26 YTD2 Performance Attribution 4 Q1 '26 YTD2
Net (14.9%) (14.9%) Long (14.8%) (14.8%)
Other Income/Expense 5 (0.1%) (0.1%)
Gross Return 1 (14.9%) (14.9%)
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
  
2 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL – NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
include some combination of proprietary data, a regulated industry, mission -critical functionality, or a 
sticky and deeply embedded product or offering. Assessing companies with this framework in mind has 
been helpful in guiding us through the AI-related carnage in the market.   
 
We have also eliminated long exposure in some companies where these attributes are not present and it 
is more difficult to determine the ultimate impact of AI. Furthermore, we have identified other situations 
where AI appears to present a significant threat to the long -term competitive position, or perhaps even 
the viability, of a company’s business model. Some of these are compelling short sale candidates.    
 
As we have said in prior letters, AI is an incredibly disrupti ve technology. Having invested through the 
advent of the internet, the parallels are stark. The market has correctly identified a  dramatic and  
important technological change . C apital is rapidly flowing in to and out of companies and sectors as 
investors reassess their understanding of how the technology may evolve. It’s both an uncertain and  an 
exciting time to be an investor.  
 
Just as it was with the internet at the turn of the century, the market will get some things very right, and 
some things very wrong. We think this creates an excellent backdrop for our strategy to capitalize on both 
sides of the book . We know committing capital during periods of dislocation can exacerbate short-term 
portfolio volatility, as it did in Q1. But our true north remains following our investment process to 
maximize long-term profits for our partners. We believe we are doing that in a fruitful capital deployment 
environment.  
 
Looking ahead, we are encouraged by our past rebounds from quarterly setbacks like we have just 
experienced. In the past twelve years, we have never lost money in the three- and six-month periods 
following our biggest drawdownsa and some of our largest declines have precipitated some of our biggest 
rebounds. While there are no guarantees in investing, we believe we have history on our side that better 
days likely await. 
 
Longs Discussion8 
One of our biggest long contributors in Q1 was Aramark (ARMK), a $12.1Bn market cap company. ARMK 
is a leading provider of  food services to colleges and universities, entertainment venues, healthcare and 
correctional facilities, and corporations. The food  service business is unexciting, but it has  positive 
fundamental attributes including steady demand , limited cyclicality , scale advantages,  and long -term 
contracts.  
 
When we bought the s tock in April 2025, we believed that ARMK’s key performance indicators were set 
to accelerate ahead of investor expectations due to important idiosyncratic changes at the company. A 
refreshed management team had refocused the organization on building new business momentum 
instead of the constant cost-cutting and restructuring plans embraced by the former leaders. Our research 
gave us conviction that as these strategic changes took hold, ARMK’s new business wins would accelerate. 
In the year since we purchased shares, business momentum has indeed improved, including new business 
wins reaching all-time records in recent periods.   
 
 
a Defined as our ten largest quarterly losses since inception. mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
  
3 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL – NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
Our primary research also uncovered that ARMK had been sharpening its focus on customer service. Those 
efforts have been bearing fruit, as ARMK’s customer retention levels have improved materially. The 
combination of stronger new business wins and better customer retention has resulted in accelerating 
revenue and earnings growth, as we had expected.  
 
As our thesis has been playing out, ARMK’s shares have responded favorably, rising almost 40% from our 
initial purchase.  
 
One of our biggest long detractors in Q1 was SS&C Technologies (SSNC), a $17Bn market cap company. 
We previously wrote about SSNC in our Q3 2022 letter. The stock subsequently rose over 70% and we 
sold it after the risk/reward had diminished. We bought shares again in 2025 after a material decline gave 
us another bite at the apple.  
 
SSNC provides software and services to the financial services industry with a particular emphasis on 
alternative asset managers such as hedge funds and private equity firms. SSNC’s core business has long 
been fund administration, but their product portfolio has grown over the years to include offerings related 
to trading, fund accounting, compliance, and other areas.  
 
SSNC has an enviable history in the public markets, with more than two decades of robust organic revenue 
growth, margin expansion, cash flow generation, and compounded earnings which drove the stock up 10x 
since going public in 2010 b. However, more recently shares have been out of favor  as SSNC has been 
caught up in the aforementioned investor worries about AI risks to the software and services sector.  
 
Our field research tells a different story than SSNC’s recently weak stock pri ce. Customers describe SSNC 
as a deeply embedded  and mission critical vendor  with AI already woven into  key portions of  their 
solutions. Furthermore, this is not an area where compan ies tend to look to innovate  with unproven 
vendors, as the costs of mistakes and compliance failures are high. Well-known and trusted incumbents 
have an advantage in this end market.  
 
When our primary research stands in such stark contrast to the prevailing market narrative on a stock, we 
get excited. We believe SSNC has the potential to replicate our positive outcome from the last time we 
owned the stock.  
 
Shorts Discussion8 
 
One of our biggest short contributors in Q1 was Information Technology Services Company A, a <$10Bn 
market cap company. Company A’s niche is business process outsourcing (“BPO”) . Historically, BPO has 
been a wage arbitrage business provid ing low-cost workers in emerging markets that perform rote  
processing tasks at a far lower cost than they could be done domestically.  
 
Since offshore labor arbitrage is no longer the exciting story it once was, Company A’s management has 
been reshaping the narrative to entice investors. Their initial pivot a few years ago was to describe 
themselves as a leader in analytics, when that was a  trending industry buzzword . More recently, the ir 
presentations have  changed to emphasize their  AI capabilities . The  company has also changed their 
 
b SSNC was previously public but was LBO’d and then taken public again in 2010. mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
  
4 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL – NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
financial disclosures to flatter their AI-related revenues, even though their definition of  AI sales remains 
vague.  
 
Investors largely embraced management’s posturing, driving Company A’s valuation multiple to roughly 
double that of industry peers. We have followed the BPO industry for a very long time, and we believe it 
to be a relatively commoditized business. As such, the emergence of such a wide multiple gap among peer 
companies piqued our interest. We undertook field research to refresh our understanding of the BPO 
industry, as well as Company A’s position within it.   
 
Our research painted a different picture than the one believed by the bulls . Customers and competitors 
talked about a fiercely competitive marketplace with constant pricing pressure among the players, as well 
as treadmill-like aspects to portions of the business model. This did not sound like a highly differentiated 
business that was benefiting in an unusual way from analytics and AI. Qualitatively, the descriptions more 
closely resembled our understanding of the business, which is a provider of lower -end outsourced 
technology and processing services.  
  
We shorted Company A last summer when the shares fetched >20x earnings. The stock didn’t do much in 
2H 2025, but it fell precipitously in Q1 2026 when business reality caught up with the  story and 2026 
guidance disappointed the street. Shares cratered and we covered.  
 
One of our biggest short detractors in Q1 was Professional Services Company B , a <$10Bn market cap 
company. Company B provides tax advice and related professional services. Company B  went public 
relatively recently and has more than doubled from its IPO price. We did not short it at the IPO but waited 
until we thought we had identified a more opportune time to enter. Thus far, that entry has proven to be 
premature.  
 
Our core thesis is that Company B will be unable to sustain well above -market growth due to sharp 
competitive pressures and only modest  differentiation in the  business of tax advice . In contrast, the 
company has convinced investors that they can grow at least twice the rate of the market for many years. 
Consensus expectations and the stock’s valuation now reflect this optimistic view.  
 
Conversely, our primary research with numerous industry participants calls into question management’s 
bullish claims. We were hard pressed to find knowledgeable industry participants who thought 
management’s lofty growth goals were likely to be achieved , and our research suggests that Company B 
may experience profit margin pressure as it ramps up technology investments.   
 
Additionally, AI is a growing risk to this business. Company B employs white collar workers that charge 
hourly bill rates for professional services rendered.  Most business descriptions like this have seen their 
share prices walloped in 2026 due to overarching AI fears. In contrast, Company B’s shares and valuation 
have reached new heights. We believe  the combination of a promotional management team as well as  
technical dynamics around momentum, a rising short interest, and a small float likely contributed t o the 
strength in the stock.   
 
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
  
5 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL – NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
While we remain short the stock, we have been exercising prudent risk management as shares have  
moved against us. We believe shares ultimately have far to fall, but we need to see more positive signposts 
go in our favor in order to lean in.  
 
Organizational Update 
Sunriver celebrated our twelfth anniversary on May 1, 2026. Thank you to our partners for your support 
over all of these years.  
Cacey Tang departed Sunriver during Q1. We thank Cacey for her contributions, and wish her well in her 
future endeavors.  
Sunriver’s AUM as of April 1, 2026 was $663M. 
Please feel free to reach out  to Young Yu (yyu@sunrivermgmt.com) with any questions, comments  or 
concerns.  
Sincerely, 
 
Will Cook 
Founder & Portfolio Manager 
Sunriver Management LLC 
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
  
6 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL – NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
Notes: 
1. Performance figures presented herein include the returns of a portfolio managed by Will Cook for a family office 
(the "Portfolio") from the Portfolio’s inception on May 1, 2014 through October 31, 2015. The Portfolio utilized 
a substantially similar strate gy to the strategy that is utilized by Sunriver Management LLC ("Sunriver") for 
Sunriver Fund LP and Sunriver Master Fund Ltd (commencing November 1, 2015), and Sunriver Fund Ltd and 
Sunriver Intermediate Fund Ltd (commencing March 1, 2016) (collectively, the "Hedge Funds"  or “the Hedge 
Fund”). While the strategy for the Hedge Funds and the Portfolio is substantially similar, there are differences 
with respect to, among other things, risk tolerance, exposure, expenses, fund terms, and the amount of capital 
at risk.   
Performance results indicated herein were prepared by Sunriver, based on data that may be unaudited and 
estimated, and include the reinvestment of dividends and other earnings.  The performance results indicated 
herein for the Hedge Funds relate to the USD interests/shares. 
Net performance figures for the Hedge Funds for the period May 1, 2014 through October 31, 2015 are for the 
Portfolio as a whole and (i) are net of brokerage commissions; (ii) have been adjusted to reflect assumed 
expenses of the Hedge Funds, including operating expenses and a 1.5% management fee; and (iii) have been 
adjusted to reflect either a 15% or 20% incentive allocation (as expressly indicated). Gross performance figures 
for this period reflect (i) and (ii) above but have not been  adjusted to reflect  an incentive allocation.  Note, 
however, that investors do not receive gross returns. 
Net performance figures for the Hedge Funds for the period November 1, 2015 through the date of this 
document are for Sunriver Master Fund Ltd as a whole and are net of expenses of the Hedge Funds, including 
brokerage commissions and operating expenses, management fees (as described below), and either a 15% or 
20% incentive allocation (as expressly indicated). Gross performance figures for this period are net of such 
expenses and management fees, but not an incentive allocation. The management fee rate appl ied is (i) 1.5% 
through December 31, 2017 and (ii) the “blended rate” (as determined pursuant to the Hedge Funds’ respective 
offering documents) effective for each quarter starting January 1, 2018.  Note, however, that investors do not 
receive gross returns. 
Hedge Fund performance results that have been adjusted to reflect a 15% incentive allocation are assumed.  No 
Hedge Fund investor was charged an incentive allocation of 15% for the entire relevant period, and it is 
important to note that no investor has received a rate of return equal to what is shown herein. 
Sunriver Long Master Fund Ltd (the “Long Master Fund”) and Sunriver Long Fund Ltd (each a “Long Fund” and 
collectively, the "Long Funds") commenced operations on March 1, 2020 and Sunriver Long Fund LP (also a 
“Long Fund” and collectively the “Long Funds” or the “Long-Only Fund”) commenced operations on January 1, 
2022.  Net performance figures are for the Long Master Fund as a whole and are net of expenses of the Long 
Funds, including brokerage commissions, operating expenses, a 0.75% management fee, and t he incentive 
allocation.    
The incentive allocation is equal to 15% of the amount by which the Long Funds’ return exceeds the Hurdle 
Return, if any, subject to an underperformance carryforward whereby the incentive allocation will not be made 
until any underperformance carryforward has been recouped.  Please review the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum for Sunriver Long Fund Ltd or Sunriver Long Fund LP for a more complete description of the 
calculation of the incentive allocation. 
Performance results for a particular investor may vary from the performance stated herein as a result of, among 
other things, the timing of an investment in the Hedge Funds or the Long Funds (collectively, the “Funds”) , US 
dividend withholdings, different management fee and incentive allocation terms, the investor's eligibility to 
participate in "new issue" securities, share class currency, and the impact of class-level foreign currency hedging, 
if applicable. 
2. YTD figures for the Hedge Funds are calendar year returns, based on a May 1, 2014 investment to account for 
the Hedge Funds' high water mark provisions.  YTD figures for the Long -Only Funds are calendar year returns, 
based on a March 1, 2020 investment to account for the Long-Only Funds’ high water mark provisions. 
3. ITD figures for the Hedge Funds are from May 1, 2014 and the Long-Only Funds are from March 1, 2020.   mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
  
7 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL – NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
4. Performance attribution figures reflect the gross contribution by long and short positions. Note, however, that 
investors do not receive gross returns. Details of the methodology for calculating the contribution of specific 
positions discussed herein and complete position attribution figures are held at Sunriver’s offices. 
5. "Other income/expense" includes items such as: management fees, interest income/expense, administrative 
fees, professional fees, research fees, performance related to foreign currency balances and performance 
related to currency hedges. 
6. Alpha is calculated by comparing the exposure adjusted total return of the Russell Mid cap Index to the daily 
long/short attribution of the Funds. The Russell Midcap Index return is multiplied by the beginning of day delta 
adjusted long/short exposure of the Funds and then subtracted from the daily long/short attribution of the 
Funds. The daily alpha returns are then compounded over the period indicated. 
7. Where presented, references to the S&P 500 Index, Russell Midcap Index, or HFRI Equity Hedge Total Index (as 
described below) have been included merely to show the general trend in the equity markets during the period 
indicated, and references thereto are not intended to imply that the Funds’ Strategies are comparable to the 
indices either in composition or element of risk. The S&P 500 Index (“S&P 500”) is widely regarded as the best 
single gauge of large -cap U.S. equities, comprised of 500 leading companie s covering approximately 80% of 
available market capitalization. The Russell Midcap Index (“Russell Midcap”) measures the performance of the 
800 smallest companies in the Russell 1000 Index. The S&P 500 and Russell Midcap returns are total returns, 
including the reinvestment of dividends. The HFRI Equity Hedge Total Index (HFRIEHI) is comprised of 
investment managers who maintain positions in both long and short equity and equity derivative securities. 
References to HFRIEHI has been presented as a proxy to reflect the performance of the equity long short hedge 
fund industry during the period indicated.  
8. The specific discrete investment names presented herein should not be considered a recommendation to 
purchase or sell any particular security. The investments included in this document may not currently be 
included in the Funds’ portfolios and, even if included, will not represent the entire portfolio and may represent 
only a small percentage of the portfolios’ holdings. Accordingly, these investments are not intended to indicate 
overall portfolio performance that may be ex pected to be achieved. It should n ot be assumed that any of the 
investments included in this report have been or will be profitable, or that a recommendation made in the future 
will be profitable or will equal the investment performance of the investments included herein. The names of 
short positions have been anonymized because Sunriver believes that presenting the names of such positions 
could have a negative impact on the portfolio. 
Additional Disclosures: 
Gross and net exposures, unless otherwise indicated, reflect the respective end-of-month gross/net exposures and 
exclude cash and currency hedges.  Statements regarding certain statistics of the portfolio (e.g. number of positions 
that made/lost P&L) may exclude investments classified as IPOs. Except where otherwise indicated, the information 
provided in this document is based on matters as they exist as of the date of this document and not as of any future 
date, and Sunriver undertakes no obligation to cor rect, update or revise the information in this document or to 
otherwise provide any additional materials.  If you have any questions about how the returns shown herein have 
been calculated, please ask Sunriver for a more complete explanation. 
All information herein is estimated and based on unaudited data. While all information herein is believed to be 
accurate, Sunriver makes no express warranty as to the completeness or accuracy of the data provided. All 
information contained herein may be modified at any time without further notice. Performance results and exposure 
data are rounded and therefore may not foot due to such rounding. 
Any projections, market outlooks or estimates in this document are forward looking statements and are based upon 
certain assumptions and should not be construed to be indicative of the actual events that will occur.  Other events 
that were not taken into account may occur and may significantly affect the returns or performance of the Funds.   
Any investment in the Funds is speculative and involves substantial risk, including the risk of losing all or substantially 
all of such investment. No representation is made that the Funds will or are likely to achieve their objectives, that 
any investor will or is likely to achieve results comparable to the estimated performance shown, will make any profit 
at all or will be able to avoid incurring substantial losses. Past performance should not be construed as an indicator 
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
  
8 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL – NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
of future results. Sunriver may change any parameters contained herein without notice to investors. Past exposure 
levels are not indicative of future exposure levels. 
This document is intended only for the person to whom it has been delivered by Sunriver. This document is provided 
for informational purposes only, may not contain certain material information about the Funds, and does not 
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any interest or shares in the Funds. Such interests or 
shares in the Funds shall not be offered or sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be 
unlawful until the requirements of the laws of such jurisdiction have been satisfied. Any investment decision in 
connection with the Funds should be made based on the information contained in the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum of each Fund. This document is the property of Sunriver, is stric tly confidential and may 
not be reproduced or redistributed nor may any of its contents be disclosed to any other person under any 
circumstances. This document is not intended to be, nor should it be construed as, financial, legal, tax, accounting 
or investment advice. 
Sunriver Management LLC is an investment adviser registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. A copy 
of current Form ADV Part 2A is available upon request or at www.advisorinfo.sec.gov. 
 
mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
