700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
 
 
April 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Partner: 
For the quarter ended March 31, 2026, Tensile Capital Partners LP, Class A (“Public” or “the Fund”) declined 
5.0%, while our Class B (“Hybrid”) was flat net of all fees and expenses 1.  The difference in performance 
between our Public and Hybrid classes was primarily due to the valuations of private investments in the Hybrid 
class. 
Overview of Performance and Portfolio 
The quarter opened with a continuation of the 2025 momentum; indices touched new highs on February 14 th 
as investors remained fixated on a narrow cohort of "AI winners".  However, the tone shifted abruptly in late 
February with the onset of military conflict in the Middle East.  The ensuing war introduced a level of volatility 
not seen in years, sending crude oil prices surging and forcing an immediate, painful recalibration of inflation 
and interest rate expectations. 
Beneath the surface of the headline indices, the quarter witnessed a further extrapolation of the  
"SaaSpocalypse": a broad and largely indiscriminate repricing  of software assets fueled by a sweeping market 
thesis that agentic AI tools w ill significantly erode, if not altogether eliminate,  both the market share and the 
margins of these businesses.  These fears, including the premise that enterprise customers would simply "build 
their own tools" rather than paying for third -party solutions, led to an additional 20-30% drawdown in many 
software companies ( including the megacap companies that had previously been viewed as invincible ), as 
investors questioned if their moats were being rendered obsolete overnight.   
The fear around AI disruption – which has been an overhang on software since last year – metastasized through 
the quarter, engulfing other asset-light, service heavy or data -intensive industries as well.   In one week alone 
(week of February 9
th): 
 
1 Represents the net return for a representative Class A (Public) or Class B (Hybrid) Limited Partner of Tensile Capital 
Partners LP whose capital was invested at inception.  Returns are unaudited, and individual LP performance may vary.  
Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
 
Investment Performance * Q1 2026 YTD 2026 
Inception to  
Date 
ITD 
Annualized 
Tensile Capital Partners, Class A (Public), Net -5.0% -5.0% 205.4% 8.6% 
Tensile Capital Partners, Class B (Hybrid), Net  0.0% 0.0% 363.9% 12.0% 
 
* Returns are presented from inception of the Fund (October 1, 2012) through March 31, 2026.  Please see note on Page 13. 
 
 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
• A small fintech company’s announcement introducing new tax planning features within its nascent AI 
platform sent the stocks of wealth management companies  plummeting, including Raymond James 
Financial (-8.8%), Charles  Schwab (-7.4%), LPL Financial (-8.3%), Ameriprise ( -6.2%) and Stifel 
Financial (-3.8%) which lost a collective $24 billion of market capitalization. 
• Fears of AI disintermediation led to a massive two-day price decline across the commercial real estate 
service industry with CBRE Group, Jones Lang LaSalle, Compass Group  and Newmark Group all 
plunging between 17% and 21%. 
• A whitepaper and press release  by Algorhythm Holdings, a former maker of in- car karaoke systems 
that had recently pivoted to an AI strategy and with a market capitalization of $6 million, claiming that 
its platform could “handle 400% more freight volume without additional staff” tanked trucking, 
logistics and freight-forwarding stocks including RXO (-20.5%), CH Robinson Worldwide (-14.5%), 
Landstar System (-15.6%), and Expeditors (-13.2%).  
Against this backdrop, perhaps it shouldn’t be surprising that after quarter-end on April 15th footwear company 
Allbirds, by announcing that it would pivot to AI comput ing infrastructure and rebranding itself as NewBird 
AI, was rewarded with a one-day stock price increase of 582%. 
Our portfolio was not immune to these shifts.  While our software holdings were caught in the industry-wide 
downdraft whereby market sentiment towards digital and data-driven businesses is currently to “shoot first, ask 
questions later”, we believe, as set forth in our attached memo, that this blanket view of digital businesses is 
not only overly reductive but will ultimately lead to tremendous long -term investment opportunities.  At the 
same time, our increased exposure to energy services, infrastructure and “old economy” business, which have 
been a relative drag on the portfolio the last several years, instead provided a vital buffer for performance during 
the quarter. 
In evaluating fundamentals rather than sentiment, the operating performance relative to expectations of our 
“detractors” was similar to our “contributors”, and guidance versus expectations w as pretty much the same.  
Moreover, as the quarter developed (and thereafter), most of our software companies announced AI initiatives, 
and in some cases, disclosed strong adoption rates.  It is this performance and the early indicators of successful 
AI rollouts by our incumbent software companies that gives us confidence in the prospects of our companies.  
Quarterly Review 
The mark-to-market performance of our portfolio was driven by  one of the widest divergences  amongst our 
holdings since inception.  Put simply, our companies perceived as being in the crosshairs of AI declined 
precipitously while our energy services and “old economy” companies appreciated significantly.  
Thus, the largest contributors during the quarter were our deepwater offshore drillers, Centuri Holdings and 
Valvoline.  Given its exposure to AI-infrastructure, Equinix, despite being a small position, also had a material 
positive impact on performance.  The  largest detractors to performance  were our companies that were 
perceived as “AI-losers” – Vertex, Auto1 Group, BlackLine and our banking software companies (Q2 Holdings 
and nCino).  Lithia also had a material negative impact on performance due to its perceived sensitivity to macro-
economic factors and second order effects from the war with Iran.    
  
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
Contributors and Detractors 
Offshore Drillers 
Our investments in our deepwater  offshore drillers, Valaris and Noble , returned2 94.5% and 75.7%, 
respectively, during the quarter as strong contracting activity, industry consolidation, and a rally in oil prices 
following the war with Iran combined to create powerful tailwinds for the shares.  Though we have not invested 
in energy services in quite some time, we have always been attracted to the offs hore drilling industry, and 
particularly the deepwater segment, due to the duration of contracts, strength of the counterparties, and  
underlying asset values.  Indeed, this is not a new area of investment for  us, as we previously invested in the 
sector at the last cyclical bottom prior to COVID as well as at our predecessor firms.  This time, however, we 
believed the setup was even more compelling given the meaningfully improved industry structure.  
We initially established our position s in Q1 2025 and continued to add to both after the April 2025 tariff -
induced dislocation (“Liberation Day”), purchasing shares in the low -to-mid $30s and low -to-mid $20s for 
Valaris and Noble, respectively.  Our investment thesis rested on three primary pillars.  First, we were acquiring 
Valaris and Noble at implied fleet values near COVID-era trough levels despite contracted dayrates that were 
more than double those trough levels and an oil price environment far healthier than what prevailed during the 
pandemic.  Put differently, the market appeared to be pricing in a collapse in new contract dayrates that we did 
not believe was supported by the underlying fundamentals.  Importantly, based on our diligence and research 
on sixth-  and seventh -generation rigs, both companies were trading at valuations 35 % to 45% below our 
estimates of fleet net asset value and at discounts of more than 65% to newbuild cost3, providing a meaningful 
margin of safety on our investment.  Second, the  industry supply of leading -edge rigs had consolidated 
meaningfully into effectively four operators – Transocean, Noble, Valaris and Seadrill – which together control 
49 of the 58 latest-generation rigs (seventh-generation and eighth-generation).  In our view, this consolidation 
had created a far more rationally competitive environment than the market appreciated.  Third, the prolific and 
visible free cash flow generated by the companies’ long-term contracts (and in the case of Noble, a 9% dividend 
yield at our initial entry price), would enable us to “get paid while we wait” and thus take a more agnostic view 
towards the price of oil and global e nergy markets.  Finally, we believed that once investors recognized the 
improved industry structure and ascribed the proper value to  the underlying assets, Valaris and Noble w ould 
trade to at least $80 per share and $45 per share, respectively. 
Our thesis was predicated on extensive primary due diligence and analysis.  Over the course of our work, we 
spoke with offshore rig brokers, procurement specialists at large E&P companies, onshore and offshore 
operators and investment bankers.  We also met with senior executives at each of the four largest offshore 
drilling companies during a March 2025 research trip to Houston.  In addition, we compiled transaction and 
contract data for every sixth- and seventh-generation rig in the industry over the last twenty years and mapped 
those transactions to the Valaris and Noble fleets by rig type and age to estimate net asset value. 
This work gave us conviction to add to our positions when the shares initially sold off after Liberation Day, as 
it became clear to us that offshore drilling had become a far more rational industry than it had historically been, 
even amidst a volatile macroeconomic and commodity price environment.  Consolidation had reduced 
competitive intensity, balance sheets had been reset after every major driller other than Transocean had gone 
through bankruptcy, dayrates were far below the necessary levels needed to i ncentivize new construction of 
 
2 Inclusive of dividends. 
3 Defined as the cost to build equivalent new rigs. 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
rigs while drillers were actively scrapping rigs and reducing industry supply, and management teams appeared 
to have internalized the lessons of the prior boom-and-bust cycles.  Our diligence also indicated that producers 
were placing greater emphasis on deepwater offshore exploration due to a decade of underinvestment, 
technological improvements that have lowered development costs, and deteriorating inventory quality in the 
Permian Basin, which is likely to constrain production growth in the most prolific oil -producing region in the 
United States. 
During 2025, the thesis began to play out gradually as new contract fixtures were announced at dayrates in the 
range of $400,000 to $450,000 per day, well above prior cyclical trough levels, even against a backdrop of 
declining oil prices and significant contracting white space.  From the time of our initial purchases through 
year-end 2025, Valaris and Noble each appreciated by roughly 40%. 
Since the end of 2025, however, our thesis around rational competition and consolidation has accelerated 
materially – faster than we had anticipated.  First, both Valaris and Noble announced a series of contract awards 
that substantially reduced uncontracted rig supply for late 2026 and 2027.  Second, on February 9, 2026, 
Transocean announced that it would acquire Valaris in an all-stock transaction at an exchange ratio that implied 
a value of $78.46 per share for Valaris, propelling its shares 34% on the day.  More importantly, a combination 
of Transocean and Valaris would dramatically consolidate the seventh -generation rig market, with 73% of all 
7G rigs concentrated between Transocean/Valaris and Noble.  Furthermore, the management teams at both 
Transocean and Noble have historically been highly disciplined in contracting, which should further enhance 
industry rationality. 
Since the announced merger, the conflict in the Middle East  has provided an additional tailwind to offshore 
drilling as oil prices have increas ed sharply and the relative value of energy supply from non- Middle Eastern 
sources has increased.  This is a clear secular positive for deepwater drillers that largely do not operate in the 
Middle East. 
Given that our thesis has largely played out and both investments have appreciated dramatically, we have 
adjusted our positions.  We exited our investment in Valaris but have retained a significant portion of our 
investment in Noble.  Our decision reflects the fact that the proposed Transocean/Valaris merger could face 
regulatory scrutiny, particularly as major oil and gas producers are unlikely to be pleased with such a high level 
of industry consolidation and may attempt to influence  the current administration.  As a result, Valaris now 
carries difficult-to-quantify deal risk and meaningful downside should the transaction be challenged.  We have 
retained a significant portion of our Noble investment as we believe Noble does not face the same event risk 
as Valaris, while still offering participation in the upside should the merger be consummated.  If the deal were 
to close, we believe leading edge dayrates could easily go back towards the $500,000 to $550,000 level over the 
next 24 months, allowing Noble to earn over $2 billion in annual EBITDA by 2028 upon which shares should 
be worth at least $85
4, representing significant upside from current prices.  
US Foods Holdings Corp 
US Foods Holdings Corp (“US Foods”) returned 22.4% during the quarter as the company reported solid Q4 
2025 results and issued 2026 guidance largely in-line with consensus expectations. 
 
4 Assuming 7.5x EV/EBITDA. 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 5 of 13 
 
 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
On February 12th, US Foods reported Q4 2025 EPS of $1.04, an increase of 24.9% year-over-year, supported 
by organic case volume growth of 0.3%, including 3.7% growth in its high -margin independent restaurant 
business, and 35 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion.  The company also repurchased 1.9% of its shares 
outstanding during the quarter.  This marked the sixth consecutive quarter of EPS growth greater than 22% 
and the second consecutive year of earnings growth greater than 20%.  Just as importantly, US Foods continues 
to take market share despite broader restaurant industry traffic declining 3% during the quarter, marking the 
19th consecutive quarter in which the company has gained share in the independent restaurant channel.  With 
respect to guidance, US Foods guided 2026 EPS to a range of $4.70 to $4.94, representing growth of 18% to 
24% and bracketing consensus expectations of $4.71 at the low end. 
With shares trading at approximately 19x 2026 EPS for a business that compounds earnings at roughly 20%, 
US Foods remains reasonably valued for what we view as a defensive company executing at an exceptionally 
high level.  While we trimmed the position modestly during the quarter to make room for other investments, 
US Foods continues to serve as a ballast in an environment of global geopolitical and macroeconomic 
uncertainty, with idiosyncratic drivers of earnings growth, and remains a significant position. 
Centuri Holdings 
Shares of Centuri Holdings (“Centuri”) appreciated 15.7% during the quarter as the company reported 
stronger-than-expected revenue and EBITDA growth and issued 2026 guidance that bracketed consensus 
expectations. 
With respect to Q4 2025 earnings,  on February 25
th Centuri reported year-over-year (“y-o-y”) base revenue 
growth5 of 28.4% and base gross profit growth of 49.6%, underscoring the strong organic momentum in the 
business.  EBITDA grew 10% y-o-y, though the growth rate was understated due to the unusually high level 
of storm revenues in Q4 2024 that created a challenging comp.  We estimate that, adjusting for storm revenues 
(which carry gross margins roughly 4.5x higher than the base business), underlying base EBITDA likely nearly 
tripled y-o-y in Q4 2025.  Moreover, the company reported $680 million of bookings during the quarter and 
ended 2025 with a backlog of $5.9 billion, representing y-o-y growth of 208% and 60%, respectively. 
Turning to guidance, Centuri forecast 2026 base revenue growth of 7% to 17% and EBITDA of $280 million 
to $310 million, implying EBITDA growth of 12% to 24% and based on a targeted book -to-bill ratio of 1.1x 
to 1.2x.  We believe this guidance is likely conservative given that the company has already booked $1.4 billion 
of business in the first quarter of 2026 alone, representing a book-to-bill ratio of more than 2.0x. 
With shares trading at approximately 13x 2026 EBITDA and at a steep discount to peers that trade at 16x to 
21x EBITDA despite Centuri having materially stronger revenue and profit growth, we continue to view the 
risk/reward as highly favorable.  Accordingly, even though our investment has appreciated  significantly since 
our initial purchase, we continue to hold the position and believe there remains substantial upside. 
Valvoline 
Valvoline returned 15.9% during the quarter as the company reported better -than-expected fiscal Q1 2026 
results and maintained its prior 2026 guidance, assuaging concerns that the integration of Breeze would be a 
material headwind to growth and profitability.  
 
5 Base revenue growth excludes revenues from storm revenues and is a better indicator of recurring growth . 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 6 of 13 
 
 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
Valvoline’s fiscal Q1 2026 results were solid, with same-store sales (“SSS”) growth of 5.8% comprised of 1.5% 
transaction growth and 4.4% ticket growth.  Notably, this quarter’s strong SSS growth comes on top of 8% 
growth in the prior-year period, resulting in an acceleration in the company’s two-year stacked SSS growth from 
11.4% in each of the previous two quarters to 13.8% in fiscal Q1 2026, the strongest two-year stacked growth 
in four quarters.  Just as importantly, Valvoline reported strong profitability, with EBITDA margins expanding 
61 basis points y-o-y leading to EBITDA of $117 million, well above consensus expectations of $113 million.  
The results, together with reiterated guidance, led to a relief rally in the shares, which had declined 19% in Q4 
2025 due to concerns around the Breeze acquisition and fears of a slowdown in Valvoline’s underlying business. 
While the shares have rallied during the quarter, we continue to believe Valvoline remains undervalued, trading 
at only 11x EBITDA for a recession -resistant business with attractive and durable growth prospects.  
Importantly, after meeting with Valvoline’s CEO in New York  last month, we came away convinced that 
management is aligned with our view that execution must now be the priority, both with respect to integrating 
Breeze and completing the refranchising transactions.  As such, we continue to hold our i nvestment in, and 
engage actively with, Valvoline and believe 2026 could prove to be an inflection year for the shares as this highly 
operationally capable management team executes on the company’s earnings potential. 
Equinix, Inc. 
Our investment in Equinix appreciated 28.6%6 to $980.24 per share during the first quarter.  As a reminder, 
Equinix is the global leader in network -dense, interconnection -oriented retail colocation, operating 270+ 
International Business Exchange ("IBX") data centers across 7 5 metros and hosting more than 500,000 
interconnections (primarily fiber cables enabling low -latency data connections between customer servers).   
Equinix serves as the digital equivalent of an airport hub, where the value of each facility to its customers 
compounds as more enterprises, cloud providers, and networks join the ecosystem.  Equinix  is one of the 
longest tenured positions in our portfolio (initiated in 2013 at $156 per share) as we have long been believers 
in the company’s network effect from low-latency requirements as the world has further digitized over the last 
decade.  As shares de -rated (-16.8%7 in 2025) alongside the broader data center REIT complex on concerns 
regarding the cost of capital required to serve AI -era workloads over the last year, we believed that those 
concerns largely failed to distinguish Equinix's interconnection-centric retail colocation model (where customer 
stickiness and pricing power derive from ecosystem density) from the more commoditized wholesale leasing 
model of a Digital Realty (DLR) or more recent “neocloud” market entrants such as CoreWeave.   
On February 11th Equinix reported Q4 2025 results that decisively illustrated, in our view, that the company 
stood to benefit from balance of AI workloads beginning to shift from training to inference.  The company 
reported record gross bookings of $474 million (+42% y-o-y), the strongest net cabinet additions in three years 
and an increase in monthly recurring revenue (“MRR”) per cabinet of $65 sequentially, and introduced FY 2026 
revenue guidance of $10.1-$10.2 billion, implying 9-10% constant currency growth compared to 6% in 2025 .  
Management also disclosed that over 60% of the company's largest Q4 deals were AI-related.  Subsequently, in 
March, the company launched its "Distributed AI Hub" and Equinix Fabric Intelligence – a natural extension 
of the interconnection moat into AI-era workload orchestration across Equinix IBXs8.  We expect the company 
to continue to benefit from an expansion in agentic AI use cases going forward, as enterprise customers look 
 
6 Inclusive of dividends. 
7 Inclusive of dividends. 
8 Equinix Investor Relations, “Equinix Accelerates Enterprise AI Workloads with Launch of Fabric Intelligence”, April 
15, 2026. 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 7 of 13 
 
 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
to complete increasingly complex workflows spanning across cloud and on- premise environments at high 
speeds.  While shares have re -rated meaningfully, we continue to view Equinix as a rare AI infrastructure 
beneficiary exposed more so to agentic AI usage than to capex cycles that generates tremendous free cash flow 
through its durable, network effect-based moat. 
Lithia and Driveway 
Shares of Lithia & Driveway (“Lithia”) declined 24.7% during the quarter, primarily due to a combination of 
weaker-than-expected Q4 2025 earnings and heightened concerns around the impact of higher oil prices and 
interest rates on the automotive industry. 
Lithia reported mixed Q4 2025 results, as better -than-expected growth was more than offset by weak SG&A 
efficiency, with reported EPS of $6.74 well below consensus expectations of $8.11.  On the positive side, 
Lithia’s same-store sales metrics continued to compare favorably against peers 9, with parts and service same -
store revenue growth of 11% and used vehicle same -store unit growth of 5%, versus peer averages of 5% 
growth and 3% decline, respectively.  This marked the third consecutive quarter in which Lithia’s same-store 
growth exceeded public peer averages.  However, Lithia’s execution on SG&A efficiency remains choppy, as 
its SG&A-to-gross-profit ratio rose to 71.4% compared to 66.3% one year ago.  While Lithia’s results tend to 
exhibit more seasonality than those of peers due to the company’s outsized exposure to Northeastern and 
Midwestern markets, as well as the U.K. and Canada, the quarter was nevertheless disappointing.  Management 
continues to preach patience on SG&A efficiency, noting that the company is prioritizing growth before reining 
in costs to expand margins. 
In addition to the disappointing earnings report, Lithia’s shares came under further pressure due to the war 
with Iran, as rising oil prices and interest rates are expected to weigh on consumer spending, particularly in new 
vehicle sales.  To date, we have not yet seen a meaningful impact on new vehicle demand, with March 2026 
new vehicle SAAR of 16.4 million, roughly in-line with full year 2025 levels.  That said, an extended period of 
elevated oil prices and geopolitical turmoil would almost certainly have an impact on Lithia’s business given the 
impact on consumer sentiment.  
While we continue to monitor the geopolitical environment and its potential impact on Lithia closely, the shares 
now trade at an attractive valuation of approximately 7x EPS and a 14% free cash flow yield.  Additionally, 
management continues to repurchase shares aggressively, having bought back 3 million shares, or 11% of shares 
outstanding, during 2025, which we believe further coils the spring of earnings power when the underlying 
business improves. 
European Auto Retailer (Auto1 Group) 
After appreciating 75.0% in 2025, the share price of our European auto retailer, Auto1 Group, declined 45.1% 
during the quarter despite solid earnings and in-line 2026 guidance, as fears of the impact of the war with Iran 
on the European consumer and the narrative of AI disintermediating any type of business with a digital offering 
continued to prevail over fundamentals.  This was a sharp reversal for one of our best performers in 2025, as 
the company has been executing exceptionally well heading into the year. 
 
9 Including Asbury, AutoNation, Group1, Penske, and Sonic. 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 8 of 13 
 
 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
With respect to earnings, the company continued to deliver strong operating results, with Q4 2025 revenues 
increasing 25.6% year -over-year and adjusted EBITDA growing 22%, despite a meaningful increase in 
discretionary investment during the quarter to acce lerate growth in 2026.  The company also guided to 2026 
adjusted EBITDA of €250 million to €275 million, representing annual growth of 27% to 39%, driven by 
projected unit growth of 12% to 18% and gross profit growth of 11% to 12%.  While this guidance was strong 
in absolute terms, it “ only” bracketed consensus at the higher end of the range as  management made the 
deliberate long-term decision to prioritize unit growth over near-term profit maximization in order to scale the 
retail business more rapidly toward profitability in 2027 and beyond.   Notably, the 2026 guidance was fully 
consistent with what management had previewed on its Q3 2025 earnings call as it had begun signaling its intent 
to increase investment in 2026 to capture the market opportunity.  Nevertheless, the shares declined 18% on 
the day of the earnings release.  Less than a week later, the military conflict in Iran began, further exacerbating 
concerns that growth could slow if consumer spending in Europe weakens.  At the same time, fears around AI 
disintermediation continued to pressure the shares as the broader European technology sector remained under 
pressure throughout the first quarter.  
From our vantage point, we believe the drawdown represents an attractive buying opportunity.  Following the 
sell-off, the stock traded at less than 10x 2027 EV/EBITDA
10 for a business in which we have strong 
conviction in its ability to grow EBITDA by more than 35% annually for the foreseeable future.  
Regarding the AI -disruption narrative, we believe  that the CEO’s annual letter is the best, most direct and 
compelling rebuttal we have read.  As he points out: 
Firstly, any AI model starts with data -  the information that the model uses to generate its output, in other words: the 
input data for inference. In the used car market, the most important data you can own is pricing data. In contrast to 
openly available sources like the public internet (the base for the large language models of OpenAI or Grok) or open -
source coding-hosting facilities like GitHub (the base for the coding agents of Anthropic’s Claude Code or Cursor) used 
car pricing data is private …. we own the largest and most comprehensive pricing dataset for the European used car 
market…  
Now let’s assume for a moment, you’re an AI venture and you start to quote random prices, let’s say every 100th price 
being somewhat reasonable. Now what? Yes, you have to start trading! Or in other words, secondly, you require sufficient 
supply and demand (in parallel) in order to create the same real-time trade system that sits at the heart of A1. We operate 
the largest European vehicle drop-off and delivery network, seamlessly connected to the biggest logistics infrastructure for 
cars; with a weight of 1 -2 metric tons, our goods require a unique logistics chain. The combination of our AI pricing 
models with our physical network infrastructure enables us to efficiently aggregate supply and demand, always focusing to 
maximize value for all of our customers. In short: we own physical networks that form a very strong moat - and cannot 
be conquered by AI 
Thirdly, you need to be an outstanding trader in our business, and that requires a sufficient balance sheet and smart 
management of capital. The sheer size of our balance sheet and the efficient management of it through our real-time trade 
system is another rock-solid element of our competitive moat, that simply cannot be replicated by AI software only. 
 
10 Enterprise value excludes non-recourse debt backed by retail and merchant financing receivables as well as inventory 
financing; EBITDA includes the impact of inventory financing costs.  This calculation is consistent with how companies 
like CVNA, KMX, and the dealers calculate enterprise value and EBITDA.  
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 9 of 13 
 
 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
To summarize: this is an AI-native business, but importantly one underpinned by a foundation of both physical 
and proprietary data assets that cannot be easily replicated .  The company has 12 refurbishment centers, 153 
pick-up points  and 725 branches throughout Europe , and is using AI to widen its moat.  Moreover, the 
company operates in a large addressable market with no other competitor of scale.  
Compounding the dislocation in the share price , we noticed that sell -side analysts were confused by the 
accounting treatment for the company’s captive finance and inventory financing operations, with each of the 
six analysts we reviewed using a different, and in our view overstated, calculation of ent erprise value.  We 
presented our findings to the company, which indicated that it intends to clarify this misunderstanding with the 
market.  With that perfect storm of events behind us, we believe the market will begin to once again refocus 
on the impressive and durable revenue and profit growth for this category-dominant business as we head into 
the middle of 2026 and 2027.  
Vertex, Inc.  
Shares of Vertex declined 40.5% during the first quarter as software valuations reached fresh lows.  On February 
11
th, in new CEO Christopher Young's first earnings release in the role, Vertex reported Q4 revenue of $194.7 
million (modestly ahead of consensus), Q4 cloud revenue growth of 23.0%, and adjusted EBITDA of $42.5 
million (above the high end of guidance), but guided 2026 revenue growth to 10 -11% at the midpoint and 
disclosed compression in its net revenue retention rate (105%, from 109% at year-end 2024).  As a result, shares 
fell 13% on the day.   
As discussed in our Q4 letter, Vertex entered the year "guilty until proven innocent" in a software market 
fixated on AI disruption, and the results offered neither the significant growth acceleration nor the retention 
inflection seemingly required to shift sentiment.  That said, several elements of the quarter reinforce our 
underlying thesis: (i) new logo revenue grew 20% for the full year, driven by competitive takeaways and 
displacements of homegrown solutions; (ii) full -year cloud revenue grew 27.9%; an d (iii) management called 
out Belgium's January 1st e-invoicing mandate go-live (along with French and German mandates going live in 
the next twelve months11) as already driving ARR gains across existing and new logos.  While growth guidance 
in-line with consensus estimates did not clear the market’s  renewed bar for performance (many software 
companies materially exceeded consensus estimates and still traded lower in response 12), management’s 
guidance embeds minimal contribution from non-recurring “true-ups” (see Q3 and Q4 letters), and recurring 
bookings reached their highest level in the last four quarters.  
Insider purchases also continued to increase meaningfully – Director Eric Andersen purchased 40,000 shares 
on February 20th at approximately $12.9113, and former CEO Jeffrey Westphal purchased more than 400,000 
shares during the quarter 14.  The $150 million share repurchase program, which Vertex announced  in 
November 2025, now has materially more purchasing power at current levels, and we expect disclosure of 
accelerated repurchase execution when Vertex reports Q1 results on May 7th.   
Post-quarter, on April 7th Vertex announced a broad suite of embedded AI capabilities spanning determination, 
returns, reconciliation, and certificates, with further integration of AI into its e-invoicing workflow – signaling 
 
11 Novutech, “E-invoicing in Europe: overview of mandates 2025-2027”, December 18, 2025. 
12 Bloomberg, “Wall Street Goes Bottom Fishing in Beaten-Down Software Stocks”, April 15, 2026.  
13 Per SEC.gov, filed February 23, 2026. 
14 Via family trusts; per SEC.gov, filed February 18, 2026. 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 10 of 13 
 
 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
positive initial progress on the new CEO’s mandate for accelerated product development.  With minimal upside 
to replacement from a cost perspective (Vertex costs customers roughly 0.01% of revenue) and significant 
downside in the form of audit costs and penalties, we expect Vertex to remain sticky in the AI  era while 
expanding its product surface area to broader tax compliance workflows.  
Q2 Holdings, Inc.  
Shares of Q2 Holdings (“QTWO”) declined 34.5% during the first quarter despite printing its fifth consecutive 
"beat-and-raise" quarter.  Specifically, on February 11th QTWO reported Q4 revenue of $208.2 million (+14% 
y-o-y), subscription ARR of $780.1 million (+14%), RPO of approximately $2.7  billion (+21%), and 
management characterized the quarter as the second -strongest bookings quarter in company history .  The 
company also disclosed its largest -ever fraud technology contract, with a $200 billion asset bank, as financial 
institutions increasingly prioritize investment in modern fraud prevention solutions in the face of AI -enabled 
attacks.  However,  2026 sales growth guidance of 10% , while several million dollars ahead of consensus 
estimates, seems to have been interpreted by the market as evidence of a softer underlying demand environment 
despite what we continue to view as conservatism relative to QTWO's bookings and RPO trajectory.  Crucially, 
management also confirmed the completion of the migration from private cloud to public cloud in early 2026 
and guided 2026 gross margin to above 60% (58% in 2025) while unifying its platform for more rapid product 
releases.   
After quarter-end, on April 16th, the company announced Q2 Code 15, a governed development environment 
built on Anthropic’s Claude Code and Amazon Bedrock, allowing customers and partner fintechs to develop 
custom digital experiences and integrations within the QTWO environment while benefitting from the speed 
and automa tion benefits associated with best- in-class AI tools.  The company’s core value proposition 
continues to be to let QTWO handle the most complex pieces of digital banking technology: core integrations, 
security, commercial payment management, and regulatory compliance, while offering a modern and 
increasingly customizable front-end user experience.  At the quarter-end price of $47.30 per share, QTWO 
trades at roughly 3 .3x EV/ sales(ntm) and 12.2x EV/EBITDA (ntm) for a business with accelerating 
subscription AR R growth , rapidly expanding margins, and visibility to more than three years’ worth of 
contracted revenue
16.  The company’s $150 million share repurchase  program remained virtually untouched 
entering Q1, and we expect that the company has been deploying its dry powder at highly advantaged prices.  
BlackLine, Inc.  
Shares of BlackLine declined 33.1% during the first quarter, roughly in line with SMID-cap application software 
peers, despite solid fundamental results.  The company’s Q4 results exceeded top- and bottom-line estimates, 
and ARR accelerated from 7.4% y-o-y in Q3 to 9.5% in Q4 on the back of strong bookings results.  Remaining 
performance obligations of $1.1 billion (+23% year-over-year), reflected longer contract terms, higher ASPs, 
and early success with the new platform -based pricing model we first discussed in our Q1 2025 letter.  
Additionally, platform pricing was adopted by roughly 75% of Q4 new bookings (above plan) and has reached 
11% of eligible ARR (from 4% in the prior quarter), with management targeting 25-35% migration by year-end 
2026.  The SAP channel shows signs of acceleration, with management citing recent wins at Siemens Energy 
 
15 Q2 Investor Relations, “Q2 Announces Q2 Code, a Governed AI Development Environment for the Q2 Digital 
Banking Platform Built with Anthropic’s Claude Code and Amazon Bedrock”, April 16, 2026. 
16 As of 12/31/25, QTWO remaining performance obligation balance was $2.7 billion, compared to $795 million in 
2025 total sales. 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 11 of 13 
 
 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
and Caterpillar, indicating that the restructured SAP compensation framework (in which SAP reps are paid on 
BlackLine sales at parity with native SAP products) is beginning to show up in the numbers.  Indeed, we recently 
attended this year’s annual SAPInsider conference and heard the pitch by SAP product leads for adopting 
BlackLine in conjunction with SAP as the “gold standard” for high- volume accounting operations firsthand.  
By way of background, in June 2025, SAP reportedly made a formal $66 per share all-cash offer for Blackline 
(a ~31% premium to the prior 60-day average), which the Board (reportedly) rejected
17, leading to significant 
activist investor engagement.  
On March 10th BlackLine reached a settlement with a nother firm, agreeing to add two directors to the board 
and to establish a formal Strategic Committee with an explicit charter to " explore, evaluate, consider, review, 
negotiate and, as appropriate, recommend to the board for approval a potential business combination 
transaction18”.  We also continue to actively engage with the board , and earlier this year formally submitted a 
14a-8 shareholder proposal recommending the declassification of BlackLine’s board (directors currently serve 
three-year terms) to further improve alignment.   After conversations with the company and further active 
engagement, we were pleased  to see that the board has recommended that shareholders vote “FOR” our 
proposal in the most recent proxy19.  
At current levels (~12x free cash flow(ntm)), BlackLine shares offer a discounted valuation, significant strategic 
optionality, and an improving AI strategy via its “Verity” agentic AI platform20.   
nCino, Inc. 
The share price of nCino declined 41.6% during the first quarter, reaching an all-time low of $13.80 on February 
23rd, despite minimal news flow .  Importantly, however, on March 31st after the daily (and quarterly) close, 
nCino reported its best bookings quarter (nCino’s fiscal year ends 1/31) since the 2021-2022 bubble of ZIRP 
rates, with annualized contract value  (“ACV”) growth accelerating from 9.2% to 13.5% on a y -o-y organic 
constant currency basis, and provided growth and margin guidance well ahead of consensus.  Additionally, the 
company announced that over 170 customers have purchased AI intelligence units as of the end of the 
company’s fiscal year.  Shares recovered 20.3% in the four subsequent trading days in response.  
As discussed in our prior letters, the company entered calendar year 2025 under a new CEO, Sean Desmond, 
who "de-risked" guidance early in his tenure; that playbook has now produced four consecutive quarters of 
beat-and-raise results, spurred in part by a top-40 U.S. bank expanding its footprint across c ommercial, small 
business, and treasury modules, a $2 trillion asset Japanese financial institution signed, a top -3 Austrian bank 
selected for corporate lending, and a five-year early renewal from nCino's largest ACV customer.  nCino is also  
showing early signs of benefitting directly via AI -driven usage -based revenue; the company’s “ Banking 
Advisor” agentic toolkit has seen a 25x increase in usage from October to March
21.  While the company has 
priced Banking Advisor with enough consumption runway for customers to see value before “re -upping” on 
more usage packs, adoption trends suggest nCino is likely to see AI usage begin to directly contribute to its top 
line results later this year.   
 
17 Reuters, “Exclusive: Germany's SAP mulls new bid for software firm BlackLine, source says”, October 28, 2025. 
18 BlackLine Form 8-K, March 8, 2026. 
19 BlackLine Schedule 14A, March 25, 2026. 
20 BlackLine Investor Relations, “BlackLine Unveils Agentic Financial Operations to Close AI’s Governance and Trust 
Gap”, April 14, 2026. 
21 nCino fourth quarter FY26 earnings transcript. 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 12 of 13 
 
 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
In conjunction with results, nCino launched a $100 million accelerated share repurchase (~80% delivered at 
close), funded through a $200 million expansion of its term loan facility – a shareholder-friendly deployment 
that, combined with record bookings and a multi -year commitment from the largest customer, underscores 
management's conviction in the underlying trajectory.  At current levels, nCino trades at a significant discount 
to our estimate of intrinsic value, and we continue to view nCino as a credible strategic or private equity takeout 
candidate should the current valuation disconnect persist. 
 
******** 
As of March 31, the portfolio consisted of  10 core positions22 and 14 farm team positions23.  Cash averaged  
6.5% during the quarter and was approximately 1% of total capital at the end of the quarter24.   Both the slight 
increase in farm team positions and reduction in cash as a % of NAV was due to our opportunistic purchases 
during the volatile quarter.  
Our largest positions at the end of the quarter were Euronext, Dick’s, Valvoline, Lithia, US Foods and Centuri.  
Firm Updates 
Our 2025 ADV was completed and filed in March and is available publicly at www.adviserinfo.sec.gov  or via 
our online web portal.   In addition, we recently completed and issued our 202 5 audited financial statements 
and draft K-1s.  If you have not received a copy for any reason, or wish to discuss these documents, please 
contact Dan. 
We are also pleased to report that we recently kicked off the transition of our investor portal from SS&C’s 
legacy system to InvestorVision, powered by Intralinks .  We believe that InvestorVision will provide a more 
secure, efficient and updated experience than the legacy portal .  Investors have been sent instructions to 
establish credentials, and we encourage all limited partners to sign up for the portal, which will be the primary 
medium to access information about your investment going forward. 
 
******** 
Our performance in April has started off strong as several of our digital businesses have rebounded off their 
52-week lows.  That said, given the current macro environment, we anticipate further volatility and are 
positioning ourselves to capitalize on such.    
  
 
22 Includes banking software companies as one. 
23 Excludes hedges and positions that we are in the process of unwinding, as well as our private equity investments, 
which are allocated to Class B LPs. 
24 For Class A Limited Partners, pro forma for subscriptions and redemptions.  
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 13 of 13 
 
 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
As always, we thank you for your trust and confidence and hope to see you in the near future.  
 
 
 
Arthur C. Young     Douglas J. Dossey 
 
Notes to Investment Performance 
Tensile Capital Partners LP commenced its investment operations in October 2012.  Returns presented assume a Class A and Class B 
investment made at inception and are unaudited.  Tensile Capital Partners Offshore Fund Ltd. (“Tensile Offshore”), an offshore 
feeder fund, commenced its investment operations on March 1, 2013.  Returns are not presented for Tensile Offshore, since its 
inception-to-date is not concurrent with Tensile Capital Partners.  Tensile Offshore (Class A) returned -5.0%, net, for the quarter 
ended March 31, 2026.  Tensile Offshore (Class B) commenced on March 1, 2016, and returned -1.4%, net, for the quarter ended 
March 31, 2026.  Individual limited partner returns may vary, and past performance is not indicative of future results.  This letter is 
being offered on a confidential basis and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any security. 
Net performance is after management fees, carried interest and partnership expenses.  
 
  
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
