Tensile Capital Management 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
The Rise of AI and the Lessons of E-Commerce 
How the current software “SaaSpocalypse” parallels the "Brick-and-Mortar Retail Apocalypse" of the mid-2010s, 
and our approach to capitalizing on the opportunity 
April 2026 
*  *  * 
Enterprise software stocks are in the depths of a historic selloff.  The iShares Expanded Tech-Software ETF (IGV) has fallen 
32% from its September 2025 peak1, erasing approximately $2.5 trillion in market capitalization2, and software’s forward P/E 
multiple has contracted below that of the S&P 500 for the first time in recent memory.  The catalyst is a familiar one: a 
transformational technology – in this case, artificial intelligence – and the attendant fear that it will render incumbent business 
models, particularly software, obsolete.  In assessing the potential impact, pundits and experienced investors have drawn 
comparisons between the current environment and other technological transformations – focusing in particular on (i) the 
transition from mainframe to client-server; (ii) the shift from on-premise software to SaaS/Cloud; and (iii) the mobile 
computing revolution.  There is also considerable debate over the extent of the applicability of Amara’s Law
3 in the current 
environment. 
While we concur with the concept that those transitions are relevant in assessing the current environment, as generalist 
investors, we view the “SaaSpocalypse” through a more holistic lens.  We believe the most applicable paradigm is not a prior 
technology cycle but the disruption of brick-and-mortar retail by e-commerce.  In fact, according to Google trends, search 
interest in “retail apocalypse” back in 2019 was nearly as widespread as “SaaSpocalypse” is today.
4   
The advent of e-commerce was a transition we lived through as active investors, and one where we identified highly attractive 
investment opportunities by distinguishing the structurally advantaged from the materially impaired.  The parallels are striking: 
a genuinely transformative technology whose long-term impact is real but whose near-term trajectory is being dramatically 
overestimated by the market; indiscriminate selling that conflates the vulnerable with the resilient; and a resulting opportunity 
set that favors investors who can separate the winners from the losers.  Put simply, just as Amazon and e-commerce did not 
eviscerate all of brick-and-mortar (“B&M”) retail – despite sweeping declarations and headlines by the media and investors, 
such as “Brick and mortar hits a web wall”
5, “The death of brick-and-mortar retail”6 and “Wal-Mart plunge is tipping point for 
 
1 As of March 31, 2026. 
2 Change in IGV constituent total market capitalization from September 22, 2025 to March 31, 2026. FactSet, TCM a nalysis. 
3 Amara’s Law, coined by Stanford researcher Roy Amara, states that “We tend to overestimate the effect of a technology in the short run 
and underestimate the effect in the long run.” 
4 Google Trends January 1, 2015 to April 20, 2016 search term comparison: “Retail Apocalypse” peaked at 75% of the volume (by % of 
overall Google searches) compared to “SaaSpocalypse” early this year. 
5 Forbes, September 1, 2000. 
6 Axios, June 9, 2017. 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Tensile Capital Management 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
e-commerce,”7 – we believe that AI will not displace all of enterprise software.  And just like some incumbent B&M retailers 
emerged even stronger as a result of the e-commerce revolution, we firmly believe that certain software companies will leverage 
AI to widen their competitive moats and accrete significant value for shareholders.  
This memo outlines the framework we are using to evaluate the current software landscape, drawing on the lessons we learned 
– and the opportunities we sourced – during the retail disruption era. 
The Brick-and-Mortar Retail Apocalypse 
Starting in the late-1990s, on-line retailers were emblematic of a new economic paradigm facilitated by the internet – whoever 
captured customers first would win everything later, profits be damned.  Companies such as Pets.com, eToys and Webvan 
grabbed both the imagination and capital of investors, with the latter two peaking in market cap at $8.3bn and $7.6bn, 
respectively, before ultimately filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.   
This hype cycle and perceived attendant doom loop for B&M retailers was parroted in headlines and articles throughout the 
globe and perhaps best captured by the hyperbolic Time Magazine cover story (August 3, 1998): 
 
     
Though it took almost another twenty years (due in part to the internet bubble crash) for e-commerce to have the material and 
widespread impact on B&M retailers envisioned by market prognosticators, by the mid- to late-2010s, it was considered 
virtually a fait accompli: e-commerce vendors, in particular Amazon, would eviscerate all B&M retailers.  While Amazon (and a 
few other select e-commerce players) arguably led to the liquidation of certain retailers (e.g., Circuit City, Borders), the mere 
 
7 CNBC, October 14, 2015. 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
Tensile Capital Management 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
mention of Amazon entering a retail category would immediately wipe out billions of dollars in market cap of the incumbent 
players in the category, and any meaningful stumble by a B&M retailer would be attributed to e-commerce competition.    
The Generalist Approach and Perspective 
Many technology-sector investors, themselves heavy users of AI tools, are inclined to extrapolate from their own experience – 
much as early Amazon adopters in the late 1990s assumed every retail category would be disintermediated within years.  
Investment research is among the strongest use cases for general-purpose LLMs, which makes it particularly easy for 
technology investors to extrapolate the pace and breadth of AI disruption across industries where adoption dynamics are 
fundamentally different. 
As generalist investors with significant exposure to retail, industrial, and manufacturing businesses (in addition to software) 
through our public and private equity portfolio, we believe we have a different vantage point for evaluating this transition.   
Our experience is not theoretical: we have invested alongside – and in some cases through – paradigm shifts in which the 
market’s initial verdict on incumbent businesses proved decisively wrong.  In the case of B&M retail, we deployed capital at 
the point of maximum pessimism and generated substantial returns as the market gradually recognized that the structural 
advantages of the best retailers were not merely intact but strengthened by the competitive shakeout. 
Nearly nine years ago, at the peak of the “retail apocalypse” narrative described in the preceding section, with Bloomberg 
running headlines like “America’s Retail Apocalypse Is Really Just Beginning”8, we initiated a position in Dick’s Sporting 
Goods (“Dick’s”).  As we wrote in our Q3 2017 letter: 
We recently initiated two positions in hardline retail companies that we have followed (and in one case invested in previously) for 
several years.  Due to both industry headwinds as well as the daily headlines surrounding the death of brick-and-mortar (B&M) 
retailers, both companies declined significantly during the quarter. 
 
The challenges to hardline retailers posed by Amazon have been well-publicized, and are certainly not lost on us.  At the same 
time however, we are of the firm belief that there is a place for B&M, and both of these companies are uniquely positioned to 
eventually thrive – one in an industry that we believe will be difficult for Amazon to disintermediate, and the other as the 
eventual and proverbial 800-pound gorilla as its B&M competitors continue to go out of business.  Both companies also have 
unique catalysts independent of the competitive environment and are prolific free cash flow generators, which in today’s market 
does not resonate with investors who are more focused on other metrics and terms such as TAM (Total Addressable Market) and 
‘disruption’. 
Dick’s Sporting Goods traded at $249 per share at its trough in 2017 – less than 4x EBITDA and a 50% discount to its 
historical multiple – despite the company increasing its market share as competitors closed stores around it.  In an article10 
reflecting the pessimism around the company’s strategy and the overhang of Amazon, “Dick’s Sporting Goods Stock Just 
Became Un-Ownable”, the author wrote “The 800 pound gorilla in the room is Amazon.com, Inc.  It always has been a threat 
and a problem, but the e-commerce giant’s recent more concerted effort to sell apparel at its site is paying off.  Nike Inc is 
now an official Amazon seller….Sometimes an old business model can be updated, adapted for new landscape.  Other times, 
it can’t, at least not meaningfully enough to matter.  The current demise of Dick’s Sporting Goods looks to be a result of the 
 
8 November 8, 2017. 
9 November 1, 2017.  The stock hit an intraday low of $23.88. 
10 Yahoo Finance, Investor Place, August 15, 2017. 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Tensile Capital Management 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
latter…” .  Similarly, CNBC published a headline citing an analyst downgrade of Dick’s “because ‘competing with Amazon [is] 
too difficult.’”11 
Nonetheless, our contrarian thesis at the time was that unlike certain other sporting goods companies (and most B&M 
retailers), Dick’s (i) advantaged relationships with vendors; (ii) bulletproof balance sheet; (iii) favorable operating lease terms; 
and (iv) budding e-commerce strategy gave it an inherent structural and competitive advantage against its chief competitors, 
including Sports Authority and ultimately, Amazon.  The market, though, gave hardly any weight to those merits and did not 
distinguish Dick’s from other such retailers.  Since the 2017 trough, Dick’s share price has since appreciated eight-fold to over 
$200 as of April 2026 as the company has grown EPS from $3.24 in 2018 to $14.58 in 2025 despite barely increasing its store 
count, as much of the earnings growth has been driven by the company’s “Buy online pickup-in store” (BOPIS) e-commerce 
initiative.  
In addition to specific companies such as Dick’s, entire sectors of retail that had been left for dead due to the threat of e-
commerce have instead thrived.  Around the same time that Dick’s was labeled an e-commerce casualty, a January 2017 New 
York Post article reported that Amazon had signed supply contracts with major auto parts manufacturers, leading the entire 
B&M auto parts sector to fall, including O’Reilly Automotive and AutoZone, which fell 4% and 5.1%, respectively.  The 
stocks further plummeted five months later12 when O’Reilly preannounced a same-store sales miss.  Although the company 
attributed the shortfall to weather and macroeconomic factors, in a textbook example of confirmation bias the media and 
sellside analysts immediately framed the miss as an Amazon-competition story, leading to a 19% one-day decline in O’Reilly’s 
stock price and a 9.5% decline in AutoZone’s.  In an article titled “Auto Parts Retailers Have an Amazon Problem”, the 
author stated “[A]mazon, with its free shipping options and cutthroat pricing strategy to win market share, is not a competitor 
you want invading your turf.  Especially one like auto parts, where the leading stores still control a minor portion of the total 
do-it-yourself market, leaving the door wide open for an aggressive disruptor like Amazon.”
13  A month later, Bloomberg 
published a similar article headlining the B&M auto parts retailers’ declining stock prices, stating “the online juggernaut 
(Amazon) has also been making inroads with autos, launching a car-research site and a parts marketplace last year.” 
Since the July 5, 2017 nadir, due to its inherent structural advantages (more fully described later in this memo) and astute 
capital allocation, O’Reilly stock has returned an annualized 26.4% (compared to the S&P 500’s 13.7% annualized return over 
the same period).  This has been supported by O’Reilly compounding its same-store sales and EPS at 6.7% and 18%, 
respectively, since 2017.  Notably, the company’s core strength – in-person expertise and advice – has been augmented by e-
commerce, not diminished by it.  In 2018, roughly two-thirds of O’Reilly’s e-commerce sales came through buy-online-pickup-
in-store (“BOPIS”); by 2024, that share had risen to three-quarters.  Far from cannibalizing the store experience, e-commerce 
has reinforced it, funneling more customers through O’Reilly’s doors and amplifying the very service and real estate advantage 
that sets the retailer apart.  Similarly, AutoZone’s stock has returned an annualized 24.0% during the same period. 
The Impact of E-commerce on Brick-and-Mortar Retail 
The pattern of indiscriminate selling followed by dramatic divergence between winners and losers played out across virtually 
every retail category during 2015-2018.  The following table, which includes Dick’s and O’Reilly, illustrates the peak-to-trough 
drawdowns during the e-commerce fear era for companies that ultimately proved structurally advantaged, as well as three 
cautionary examples where the selloff was warranted: 
 
11 CNBC.com, August 24, 2017. 
12 July 5, 2017. 
13 The Motley Fool, July 13, 2017. 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
Tensile Capital Management 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
Company Category Peak-to-
Trough 
Drawdown 
Period Catalyst / Narrative at the Trough Recovery 
(to 3/31/26) 
Best Buy 
(BBY) 
Electronics -77% 
($49 → $11) 
2011– 
Dec 2012 
“Best Buy is Doomed ” 14 
“Showrooming” would kill B&M electronics. Lost $1.2B in 
2012.  Stock at all-time low. 
~15.8x to 
2021 peak 
($138) 
Dick’s 
Sporting 
Goods 
(DKS) 
Sporting 
Goods 
-61% 
($62 → $24) 
2016– 
2017 
“Dick's Sporting Goods Stock Just Became Un -
Ownable ”15 
Sports Authority bankruptcy.  “Retail apocalypse.”  4x 
EBITDA, 50% discount to historical multiple.  Analysts widely 
panned decision to price-match vs online. 
 
~10.5x 
(32.2% 
CAGR*) 
to ~$198 
Kroger 
(KR) 
Grocery -53% 
($43 → $20) 
2017 “The retail apocalypse is heading straight for Kroger, 
Whole Foods and Aldi ”16 
Earnings miss (-19% on Jun 15), Amazon/Whole Foods 
$13.7B deal next day (-9%).  
~4.3x 
(18.8% 
CAGR*) 
to ~$72 
O’Reilly 
(ORLY)  
Auto Parts -41%  
($20→ $12) 
2017 “Auto Parts Retailers Have an Amazon Problem ”17 
ORLY: Amazon signed supply deals with auto parts 
manufacturers (Jan).  Weak Q2 comps amplified fear.  Worst 
single-day decline in co. history (-19%). 
~8.0x 
(26.9% 
CAGR) 
to ~$92 
Walmart 
(WMT) 
Mass Retail -31% 
($30→ $21) 
2015 “Wal-Mart plunge is tipping point for e -commerce ” 18 
Punished for investing in e-commerce.  Slashed earnings 
guidance to fund digital transition.  First-ever revenue decline. 
~7.0x 
(21.8% 
CAGR*) 
from end-
2015 
Home 
Depot 
(HD) 
Home 
Improvement 
-10% 
($161→145) 
Jul 2017 “Home Depot shares drop as Wall Street fears it may no 
longer be 'Amazon -proof'”19 
Amazon/Sears Kenmore appliance deal drove shares lower 
“despite a stellar earnings report”. 
 
~2.8x 
(12.6% 
CAGR*) to 
current 
CVS, WBA, 
Rite Aid 
Pharmacy -6% to -11% 
single day 
Jun 28, 
2018 
“Amazon Buys Online Druggist PillPack In Threat to 
CVS, Walgreens ”20 
Amazon acquires PillPack. $11B market cap destroyed in one 
day.  Genuine secular headwinds (PBM reform, opioid 
litigation). 
RAD 
bankrupt. 
WBA -82%. 
(cautionary) 
Bed Bath & 
Beyond 
(BBBY) 
Home Goods -100% 
 
2014-2018 “Bed Bath & Beyond needs to change its game plan or 
risk going down faster than expected ”21 
Amazon commoditization of home goods, coupon culture 
eroding margins, failed digital transition.  
April 2023 
bankruptcy 
(cautionary) 
Borders 
Group 
(BGP) 
Books -100% 2006-2011 “Borders bankruptcy: Done in by its own stupidity, not the 
Internet ”22 
Amazon disintermediation compounded by outsourcing e-
commerce to Amazon in 2001. Missed the e-reader transition. 
Feb 2011 
bankruptcy 
(cautionary) 
Rows 1–6: peak-to-trough drawdowns during the e-commerce fear era that created extraordinary buying opportunities.  Highlighted rows: genuine structural disruption where the 
selloff was warranted.  Sources: TCM analysis, FactSet 
 
14 I, Cringely, “Best Buy is Doomed”, April 10, 2012. 
15 Yahoo! Finance, “Dicks Sporting Goods Inc (DKS) Stock Just Became Un-Ownable”, August 15, 2017.  
16 Business Insider, “The retail apocalypse is heading straight for Kroger, Whole Foods and Aldi”, August 7, 2017. 
17 The Motley Fool, “Auto Parts Retailers Have an Amazon Problem”, July 13, 2017. 
18 CNBC, “Wal-Mart plunge is tipping point for e-commerce: VC”, October 14, 2015. 
19 CNBC, “Home Depot shares drop as Wall Street fears it may no longer be ‘Amazon-proof’”, August 15, 2017. 
20 Fortune, “Walgreens and CVS Shares Plunge After Amazon Announces Deal to Buy Online Pharmacy PillPack”, June 28, 2018. 
21 CNBC, “Bed Bath & Beyond needs to change its game plan or risk going down faster than expected: Analyst”, April 12, 2018. 
22 Slate, “Readers without Borders: What killed the big-box retailer? Hint: It wasn’t the Internet.”, July 20, 2011. 
* Assuming dividends reinvested, per FactSet. 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
Tensile Capital Management 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
The depth of these drawdowns is worth emphasizing.  Best Buy fell 77% from $49 to $11 per share as analysts openly 
compared it to Circuit City and predicted its imminent demise.  Walmart was punished 29% in 2015, ironically, for investing in 
e-commerce capabilities as the market penalized the company for spending to compete.  Kroger was hit by three separate 
Amazon-related catalysts in the span of ten weeks.  These significant declines illustrate the extent to which terminal value 
narratives can drive investor capitulation.    
Now, fast forward to today: 
 
Sources: TCM analysis; includes BBY, DKS, WMT, ORLY, AZO, TGT, KR, SGI, and ULTA 
Why E-Commerce is the Right Parallel for AI 
We draw the analogy to the e-commerce threat to B&M retail for five specific reasons (in addition to the media and sellside 
headlines), each of which has direct implications for how we are evaluating the software landscape today.  To be clear, we 
acknowledge the characteristics of AI that significantly distinguish it from e-commerce (not constrained by physics the way e-
commerce was, the fact that AI may reduce seats and usage-based power, etc.), but we believe that the market often conflates 
temporary headwinds and company specific challenges with a perceived permanent obsolescence of an entire sector. 
1. The retail industry cannot be characterized as a singular industry – and neither should software. 
As a first principle, we believe that analyzing either retail or software as a singular “industry” fails to factor in the massive 
differences between the scores of companies and segments therein.  Just as we believe that it was, and continues to be, overly 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
Tensile Capital Management 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
reductive to suggest that all B&M retail companies have the same risks and opportunities from e-commerce, the same can be 
said for software and AI.  In both cases, the incumbent companies often have vastly different characteristics, including 
customer bases, sales cycles, customer loyalty (or retention), vendor relationships, consequences of failure, regulatory 
frameworks and product differentiation – all of which lead to different degrees of risk and opportunities, and require far more 
nuanced analyses, as illustrated in the examples below:  
 
 
2. E-commerce was a transformational technology that grew the overall industry – it did not merely redistribute existing demand. 
E-commerce constituted less than 1% of US retail sales in 2000 and is approximately 16.4% today23 – a remarkable 
achievement over 25 years.  And yet, from 2000 to 2024, brick-and-mortar retail grew from $2.9 trillion to $6.1 trillion, adding 
$3.2 trillion in nominal dollars versus $1.2 trillion for e-commerce.  As a comparison, our recent survey of 50 regional bank 
technology executives of institutions >$1bn in assets found that 39 expressed equal or greater interest in adopting AI through 
existing vendors over new entrants or building AI capabilities internally.  As AI provides the next wave of opportunity for 
“jump balls” in software investment, our research and ongoing customer conversations drive our continued expectation that 
functionality from existing vendors will receive the first shot at capturing AI-driven incremental growth.  At the same time, we 
recognize that AI adoption is happening at a faster pace than e-commerce adoption and thus, investors need to factor that into 
any reasonable framework of analysis. 
3. Rational excitement for the new technology is driving irrational capital deployment – a pattern we have seen before. 
The parallels between the e-commerce launch era and the current AI funding environment are striking.  Pets.com went from 
IPO to liquidation in 268 days, selling merchandise at 27% below cost while spending $11.8 million on advertising against 
$619,000 in first-year revenue.  Webvan burned $800 million in 19 months.  eToys achieved a market capitalization of $8 
billion on $35 million in revenue – larger than Toys “R” Us at the time.  We see history continuing to rhyme.  Meta developers 
are reportedly competing to see who can spend the most on tokens
24, with employees incentivized to solve engineering 
problems in more, rather than fewer, prompts given evaluation metrics on AI usage.  “AI-native” software platforms have 
recently been raising capital at >30x ARR25 while incumbent vendors in the same industries regularly trade for <3x ARR (with 
 
23 St. Louis FRED, “E-Commerce Retail Sales as a Percent of Total Sales”, last updated December 30, 2025. 
24 The Information, “Meta Employees Vie for AI ‘Token Legend’ Status”, April 6, 2025. 
25 Harvey, Sierra, Decagon, Glean, Clay raised at >30x ARR since mid-2025 based on reported ARR figures or ranges. 
Retail Software
Criteria
Toys Segment Auto Parts Edtech Segment Government ERP
Return Item Cost of Failure Car Breakdown Wrong answer Cost of Failure Catastrophic Shutdown
Very Low Fit Specificity Very High None Level of Customization Very High
Low Service Depth Very High Student Target Customer Government
Low Immediacy of Need Very High None Regulatory Burden Very High
Low Inventory Shelf Life Very High Immediate Sales Cycle Length Multi-year
Low Product Differentiation Very High None Points of Integration 20+
46 Cash Conversion Days1 -7 80% monthly2 Gross Retention Rate 98%
3-7 Days Average Shipping Delivery Time1 <1 Day None Implementation Time 3-yr+ for ERP, courts
5.7x Net Debt / EBITDA1 1.5x $86 Avg Revenue / Customer $155,0003
Very High E-Commerce Risk Low Very High AI Risk Low
(1) Fiscal 2017 metrics; cash conversion days represents days sales outstanding plus days inventory outstanding less days payable outstanding 
(2) Last reported by Chegg in FY2016; annualizing over 12 months to 7% GRR overly penal given seasonal nature of business
Criteria
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
Tensile Capital Management 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
excellent reported growth rates26).  Moreover, our analysis of the customer story sections of new entrant websites suggests 
customer adoption weighted towards other AI-native customers for many high-flyers, suggesting certain new entrants may be 
benefitting from a reflexive funding environment more so than providing evidence of the broader economy rapidly adopting a 
wave of new, advantaged competitive entrants beyond foundational LLM providers and code generation tools.   
4. Incumbents in advantaged positions actually used the disruptive technology to strengthen their moats – and we are already seeing the same 
dynamic in software. 
The B&M retailers that won the e-commerce era were not the ones that ignored the technology – they were the ones that 
integrated it into their existing competitive advantages.  Dick’s Sporting Goods launched BOPIS in 2014 and now fulfills 90% 
of online orders from its store network.  Walmart turned its 4,605 U.S. stores into fulfillment hubs and grew U.S. e-commerce 
revenue 26% in its most recent fiscal year.  Best Buy implemented real-time price matching against 19 online retailers including 
Amazon while expanding Geek Squad to over 20,000 agents.  In each case, the “disruptive” technology became a competitive 
advantage for the incumbent, not a weapon for the challenger.  
We can see this dynamic in how the “survivors” of the e-commerce mania invested heavily in e-commerce while leveraging 
their inherent structural advantages and now derive a significant portion of their revenues from e-commerce (online and 
BOPIS).  At the peak of the Amazon / e-commerce fears in 2017-18, these retailers were already heavily investing in e-
commerce capabilities and growing their mix of e-commerce revenue.  
 
Importantly, in some cases it took time for the incumbents to achieve escape velocity in their online sales, but ultimately, the 
strong incumbent B&M retailers, who had the benefit of generating significant free cash flow to support their efforts, 
efficiently allocated their capital despite the lingering skepticism.  A review of a sampling of the commentary around Walmart 
highlights this sentiment at the time, with some journalists referring to Walmart’s physical presence as a “superficial” 
advantage
27: 
  
 
26 Bessemer Venture Partners, “The State of AI 2025”, August 13, 2025. 
27 Slate, October 21, 2013. 
0.0%
5.0%
10.0%
15.0%
20.0%
25.0%
30.0%
35.0%
40.0%
45.0%
50.0%
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
E-Commerce as % of  Revenues for Retail Apocalypse Survivors
DKS (Dick's) BBY (Best Buy) WMT (Walmart) TGT (Target)
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
Tensile Capital Management 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
“Even Wal-Mart, that master of information technology, has so far proven hopelessly flat-footed on the Web”28 
“Walmart doesn’t have the assortment, the fast shipping or the innovative culture that Amazon has”29 
“But it’s very unlikely that Walmart will ever be able to catch Amazon”30 
The same skepticism resides in software today even though the incumbent software companies are leaning in even more 
aggressively and achieving success in a more rapid fashion.  Established platforms that are embedding AI into existing 
workflows and have already driven accelerating new bookings31 as a result, include Q2 Holdings (QTWO), nCino (NCNO), 
and AppFolio (APPF), among others.  
5. The e-commerce “Disruptors” eventually recognized the merits of the incumbent business model, and in some cases would vertically re-integrate – 
and we are beginning to see the same dynamic with AI. 
Amazon itself ultimately determined that a brick-and-mortar presence would significantly enhance its omnichannel ambitions, 
acquiring Whole Foods for $13.7 billion in 2017.  Under Amazon, Whole Foods has had mixed results, with limited market 
share gains in the grocery channel despite access to Amazon's infrastructure, technology, scale, and abundant capital.  At the 
same time, over the last few years, Amazon has had to shutter its home-grown store formats (Amazon Books, Amazon Go, 
Amazon 4-Star, Amazon Style).  Running physical stores requires competencies meaningfully different from Amazon's core 
DNA, and we see a parallel possibility in software.  The LLM providers have already formed partnerships with software and 
implementation services incumbents as the industry begins to weave agentic capabilities into enterprise processes.  
Similarly, in 2018, Amazon acquired PillPack, a semi-independent, full-service digital pharmacy with a signature product 
consisting of individual pill dispensers, in large part for the company’s pharmacy licenses which allowed Amazon to bypass 
years of legal compliance and state-by-state applications.  We believe this is analogous to the advantages that the incumbent 
banking software companies possess. 
Ultimately, if the valuation gap between AI-native and software incumbents persists, modern disruptors may eventually use 
richly-valued equity as currency to acquire the domain expertise, enterprise distribution, workflow integration, and regulatory 
relationships and certifications that would be slow, expensive or virtually impossible to build organically. 
Separating Winners from Losers: Lessons from Retail Failures 
In evaluating which pockets of the software market to avoid today, we have found the retail companies that failed to navigate 
the rise of Amazon to be highly instructive.  Critically, almost every significant retail failure during the “retail apocalypse” era 
involved at least two, and usually three, compounding risk factors drawn from three categories: product vulnerability 
(commodity merchandise easily replicated online), balance sheet weakness (overleveraged or capital-starved), and management 
self-destruction (actively eroding the company’s competitive position).  E-commerce was the environment in which weakened 
companies died; it was not the cause of death. 
 
28 Harvard Business Review, November-December 1999. 
29 Forrester Research, February 18, 2016. 
30 Slate, October 21, 2013. 
31 As of Q4 2025. 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
Tensile Capital Management 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
 
The case studies are illustrative.  Borders outsourced its online sales to Amazon for seven years (management misstep), 
doubled down on CDs and DVDs just as those categories went digital (product), and signed inflexible 15-20-year leases that 
precluded any meaningful restructuring (balance sheet), thus its location at the intersection of all three circles.  Similarly, 
Circuit City spent nearly $1 billion on share repurchases while its share price fell from $20 to $4 (balance sheet), then fired 
3,400 of its most experienced salespeople to cut costs (management misstep) in a category where expertise was the only 
differentiator against online competitors (product). 
The role of private equity leverage deserves special attention, as it has direct implications for the software landscape today.  
Over two-thirds of 2016-2017 retail bankruptcies were PE-owned.  Toys “R” Us was saddled with $5 billion in LBO debt 
consuming $400 million per year in interest.  Gymboree’s annual interest expense went from $250,000 to $91 million after 
Bain Capital’s acquisition – a 360x increase that exceeded operating profit by $38 million.  Sports Authority and Nine West 
had viable businesses loaded with debt that left no capital to invest in the e-commerce transition.  In all these cases, direct 
competitors without massive debt burdens survived, and in many instances thrived, in a less competitive environment. 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 11 of 15 
 
 
Tensile Capital Management 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
Meanwhile, Barnes & Noble – with a product squarely in the crosshairs of e-commerce disruption – operates 741 stores today, 
exceeding its 2008 peak of 726, and is opening 60 per year with a long-term target of over 1,000.  Even retailers in categories 
genuinely challenged by e-commerce (Best Buy, Dollar General, Gap) have produced solid outcomes since 2015 as a result of 
modest starting leverage and a willingness to adapt.   
The takeaway for software investors is clear: balance sheet flexibility is essential, company management teams must embrace 
rather than resist the transition, and the choice of which subsectors to own matters enormously.  In today’s terminal value 
debate, OpenAI and Anthropic best resemble Amazon, with each new model release and subsector capability addition driving 
a rotating list of software subsector share price lows.   
At the same time, while we would consider OpenAI and Anthropic to be the most credible potential long-term competitors, 
we believe some of the recently funded VC-backed new AI-entrants are more likely to suffer the same fate as Pets.com, eToys 
and Webvan.  Like e-commerce, wherein ultimately Amazon and eBay were the only true pure e-commerce retail players to 
achieve notable scale and success, there will most likely be scores, if not hundreds, of AI-native companies that fall to the 
wayside.   
Importantly, Amazon led with books, video games, toys, and office products for a reason – they are categories with a wide 
breadth of SKUs and physically light, largely low price-point products with low repercussions for failure (returns) that are 
largely better served through the e-commerce medium than in-store.  Other categories proved far more difficult.  
 
The pace of model improvement and product updates from the LLM providers is extremely impressive, making attempting to 
disprove a bear case based on potential capabilities 3-5 years from today a frustrating exercise in imagination.  However, 
investors who largely avoided the categories that Amazon started with (books, CDs / DVDs, toys, and office products) for the 
most part came out ahead.  We would posit a similar framework for OpenAI / Anthropic: software focused on text / image 
generation and analysis, data synthesis, report creation and code generation are less likely to be fruitful opportunities for long-
term capital appreciation.  We have seen modern Borders and Radio Shack analogs in Chegg (homework answers) and 
Pluralsight (skills training) fall by the wayside.  Like retail, we expect the disruption of other software categories to prove more 
difficult. 
 
  
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 12 of 15 
 
 
Tensile Capital Management 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
Retail structural moats and software analogs 
The retail winners of the e-commerce era shared a common trait: their competitive advantages were rooted in something that 
could not be replicated by a website, an algorithm, or a warehouse.  The same logic applies to software in the AI era.  Below, 
we map the structural advantages that protected the best retail businesses to their analogs in the software landscape – a 
framework that underpins our current positioning. 
Winner Theme Retail Analog Software Examples Rationale 
Mission Criticality  
Downtime has consequences 
Auto Parts Retailers 
(ORLY/AZO) 
Vertex (VERX) 
Q2 Holdings (QTWO) 
Manhattan Assoc (MANH) 
─ Low price point relative to cost of failure.  
─ Sales tax accuracy impacts ability to transact; audit penalties 
and trail orders of magnitude beyond potential cost savings.  
Large portion of content unavailable online. 
 
─ Mobile banking app availability or security failures cause 
customer deposit flight. 
 
Personalization 
The right fit drives value 
 
Sporting Goods 
(DKS) 
Beauty (ULTA) 
nCino (NCNO) 
─ User “feel” drives the quality of outcome and can only be 
determined in-person.  E-commerce returns from bad fits are 
often not re-usable, challenging economics. 
─ Highly customized (often 12 to 18 month implementations) 
lending software is fit to each bank / credit union’s unique 
requirements.  
One-Stop Shops 
Advantaged distribution 
Omnichannel Retail 
(WMT / COST) 
SAP (SAP) 
Guidewire (GWRE) 
Jack Henry (JKHY) 
─ Retailers held ability to incorporate new products, whether 
via supplier or white label, at low cost due to bargaining 
power. 
─ Broad platforms leveraging AI to add incremental features 
and cross-sell at structurally lower CAC (customer acquisition 
cost) than potential new entrants.  
Trusted Brands 
Sell to the right buyer 
Luxury retail 
(WSM / RMS-PAR) 
Axon (AXON) 
Cellebrite (CLBT) 
Tyler Technologies (TYL) 
─ Cheaper DTC competitors failed to capture profit pools.  
─ Government, law enforcement, and regulated buyers where 
budget is secondary to trust. Chain-of-custody, court 
admissibility, decades-long vendor relationships.  
Third-party decision 
influencers 
Convenience and preference 
drives outcome 
Home improvement 
(HD / LOW) 
AppFolio (APPF) 
BlackLine (BL) 
─ Contractors drive supplier decision-making in large portion 
of home improvement spend.  
─ AppFolio derives majority of revenue from monetizing renter 
rather than property management buyer.  
─ Auditor preference and trust in BlackLine drives vendor 
selection.  
 
Mission Criticality (downtime has consequences): The auto parts aftermarket is a $546 billion industry where roughly 
80% of sales flow through professional channels – repair shops where technicians bill at $120-150 per hour and a thirty-
minute wait for the wrong SKU destroys the economics of the job.  O’Reilly and AutoZone built competitive advantages 
rooted in hub-and-spoke distribution – 28 DCs, 275 hubs, and 6,500+ stores for O’Reilly alone – that guarantee same-day 
parts availability to commercial customers.  When Amazon announced supply contracts with Federal-Mogul, Dorman, Bosch, 
and Cardone in January 2017 to enter the DIY auto parts channel, the market assumed the distribution moat would collapse.  
It did not.  Amazon cannot deliver a brake caliper to a shop bay in thirty minutes, and a mechanic charging a customer for a 
three-hour brake job cannot wait two days for Prime shipping.   
The software analog is a system where unplugging means you cannot transact, cannot comply, or cannot close.  Vertex’s tax 
engine calculates rates for every line item at the point of sale in real time – governments do not accept “our AI guessed the 
rate” as an audit defense, and penalties can be orders of magnitude greater than the annual cost of the software.  For a Fortune 
500 retailer processing millions of transactions across thousands of SKUs daily, the cost of a Vertex subscription at roughly 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 13 of 15 
 
 
Tensile Capital Management 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
0.01% of annual revenue32 is trivial relative to the cost of a single incorrect determination compounded across every state, 
county, and municipality.  Q2 Holdings plays the same role in digital banking: the platform is the backbone of a community 
bank’s customer relationship when the customer logs in to move money, and an outage does not merely inconvenience a user 
– it lands in front of a bank examiner.  We believe areas of software in which the potential upside of switching to a new 
startup or in-house custom build, in terms of revenue generation or cost reduction are trivial relative to the potential 
downside, will be advantaged moving forward, much like ORLY and AZO customers would be poorly served buying parts on 
Amazon at a slight discount and hoping for the best.  
Personalization (the right fit drives value): Dick’s Sporting Goods and Ulta Beauty thrived because their products required 
physical interaction that e-commerce could not replicate.  Dick’s invested in its “House of Sport” format with in-store batting 
cages, golf simulators, and rock climbing walls – buying a baseball bat or glove is not the same as trying one.  The company 
also continues to widen its moat with its personalized youth app, Gamechanger, which has grown to 10 million unique active 
users.  Ulta’s 42-million-member loyalty program is anchored by in-store salon and brow services that bring customers back 
roughly ten times per year, giving the company a data and foot-traffic pattern pure-play that e-commerce competitors cannot 
replicate.  From its 2017 retail-apocalypse trough, Dick’s stock price has compounded more than 8x over nine years, and Ulta 
has delivered roughly 30x, at a ~20% CAGR, since its 2007 IPO. 
In software, the equivalent of “try it on” is implementation complexity and configuration that must be tailored to each 
customer’s unique workflow.  A commercial loan origination deployment from nCino requires 12 to 18 months of 
implementation, deep configuration to each institution’s credit policies, product mix, and risk appetite, and integration with 
general ledger, core deposit, and examiner-reporting systems.  Bank and credit union core systems are notoriously difficult to 
integrate with and not going anywhere
33, and once the system is live the cost of switching – retraining every loan officer, re-
papering every credit policy, retesting every integration – is measured in years of productivity loss rather than dollars.  An AI 
model that can read a loan file does not remove the implementation moat; if anything, it gets absorbed as another feature of 
the platform that already controls the workflow. 
One-Stop Shops (advantaged distribution): Walmart’s 29% drawdown following a guidance cut to fund digital 
transformation was presented at the time as proof that brick-and-mortar retail could not survive the Amazon era.  In fact, it 
was the bottom.  Walmart acquired Jet.com for $3.3 billion in August 2016, turned its 4,700 US stores into same-day 
fulfillment hubs, and used the broadest assortment in retail to absorb e-commerce rather than be disrupted by it.  From the 
end of 2015 through today the stock has compounded at roughly 22% annually, a ~7.4x total return.  Costco, Target, and the 
rest of the one-stop shops told a similar story: their advantage was bargaining power, assortment breadth, vendor 
relationships, and store networks that could ingest new categories – including e-commerce itself – at low incremental cost. 
In software, the equivalent is broad horizontal platforms whose distribution allows them to absorb AI as a feature rather than 
be disrupted by it.  SAP is embedding Joule, its enterprise AI copilot, across finance, HR, procurement, and supply chain, and 
expects to have more than 400 AI use cases in production by the end of 2026 – each one a reason for an existing SAP 
customer to deepen rather than unwind the relationship.  Guidewire (insurance software platform) ARR accelerated to 22% 
year-over-year in its most recent fiscal quarter, citing “The potential for generative AI in insurance is clear, and this is 
increasing the urgency for insurers to modernize legacy systems,” with new generative-AI products (PricingCenter, 
UnderwritingCenter, the ProNavigator acquisition) selling into a base of insurance carriers that cannot realistically rip out their 
 
32 $137k Vertex 2025 average annual revenue per customer, customer base skews to large enterprises with >$1bn in sales.  
33 Bank and credit union core contracts average ~7 years and only 19% of banks surveyed in 2025 expected to convert their core a t their 
next contract renewal.  American Bankers Association, “ABA Survey: 53% of Banks are Satisfied with Their Core Platform Provider”, 
February 18, 2025.  
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
Tensile Capital Management 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
core underwriting and claims system.  Aaron Levie, CEO of Box, recently posted34, “Most enterprises are dealing with decades 
of either on-prem systems or systems they moved to the cloud but that still haven’t been modernized in any meaningful way.  
This means agents can’t easily tap into these data sources in a unified way yet, so companies are focused on how they 
modernize these.”  Our conversations with large enterprise customers at the recent SAPInsider conference consistently 
illustrated that adopting modern cloud core products was viewed as a prerequisite to value realization with AI, benefiting 
modern cloud software platforms.  
Trusted Brands (sell to the right buyer): Luxury retail has been essentially immune to e-commerce disruption because its 
buyers value heritage, exclusivity, and in-store experience above price or convenience.  Hermès is the cleanest example: the 
stock has returned roughly 190% over the past five years, and reported Q4 2025 organic revenue growth of +9.8% compared 
with LVMH at +1% and Kering at -3% – extreme dispersion in a sector where the common variable is whether the buyer is 
price-sensitive or brand-sensitive.  Williams-Sonoma, at the more accessible end of the luxury spectrum, has similarly 
outperformed peers that compete primarily on promotion.  The common thread is that the buyer is not optimizing for price; 
they are buying access to a brand the incumbent controls, and any website could in principle sell the same goods more cheaply 
without changing that fact. 
The software analog is vendors selling into markets where the decision criteria are trust, track record, and compliance rather 
than feature velocity.  Cellebrite is the digital-forensics standard used by the US Department of Justice and law enforcement 
agencies in more than 100 countries.  Its tools extract evidence from mobile devices using specialized hardware that has to 
survive cross-examination in court, which means chain of custody, vendor liability, and courtroom admissibility rely on 
Daubert v. Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals precedent for whether an evidence gathering technique relying on external vendors 
can and has been tested, subjected to peer review, and controlled in its application
35.  Tyler Technologies owns the end-to-end 
workflow for roughly 12,000 US state and local government entities, with an average customer tenure measured in decades 
and procurement cycles that explicitly reward references and track record over novelty.  These are buyers for whom a failed 
implementation can be a career-ending event and vendor trust, reputation, and reliability are paramount. 
While not applicable to B&M retailers, one additional and critical factor to consider for software companies is regulation of 
their end-markets, as regulated industries have long procurement cycles, high switching costs and other significant hurdles.  
Third-party Decisionmakers (convenience and preference drive outcomes): Professional contractors – roofers, 
electricians, plumbers, general contractors – represent approximately 45-50% of Home Depot’s revenue from just ~5% of its 
customer base, and the pro’s preference essentially dictates where the homeowner’s money flows.  A homeowner replacing a 
roof does not shop SKUs; the roofer does.  That is why Home Depot’s biggest single-day price decline in seventeen years – 
the July 2017 Amazon/Sears Kenmore appliance panic that wiped roughly $7.5 billion of market cap in a single session – was 
completely erased within months, with Home Depot delivering a +44.6% total return for the full year.  Amazon could not 
replicate the contractor supply chain: the same-day job-site availability, the trade-counter relationships, the professional credit 
terms.  The professional intermediary was, and remains, the choke point. 
The software analogs are platforms whose buyer is not the end-user but the professional who makes decisions on the end-
user’s behalf.  AppFolio sells to property managers with pricing at only $1.49/unit/month for core plans, allowing AppFolio 
to derive 81% of annual revenue from value-added services (such as payment processing, application fees, and insurance) 
primarily from tenants.  BlackLine’s core value proposition is audit preparation and management.  Our conversations with 
external auditors express an overwhelming preference for using BlackLine during the audit process, and the bulk of the 
company’s deals are partner-led, often by the same set of “Big 4” consultancies who will ultimately complete external audits.  
 
34 Aaron Levie (CEO of Box), thread posted to X.com, April 12, 2026.  
35 Daubert v. Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 509 U.S. 579 (1993). 
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
Tensile Capital Management 
700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 255 | Larkspur, CA 94939 | Tel 415-830-8160 | info@tensilecapital.com 
 
BlackLine now serves roughly 70% of the Fortune 100, grew bookings 22% in 2025, and saw nearly three-quarters of new Q4 
bookings convert to its platform pricing model as customers opted in to Verity, its new AI agent suite.  In both businesses we 
expect third-party decision-maker preference to provide an additional layer of competitive protection from current and future 
competitors.  
Conclusion 
E-commerce was a story of differentiation rather than broad-based disruption and displacement.  Most of the companies that 
collapsed under the weight of Amazon's expansion were not casualties of inevitability, but rather as casualties of structural 
fragility that predated the technology itself.  The companies that thrived did so because their competitive moats – mission 
criticality, personalization, trusted brands, one-stop distribution, and third-party decision-making influence (or a combination 
thereof) – were not merely impervious to the digital onslaught but were in many cases strengthened by it.  We are convinced 
the same dynamic is unfolding in enterprise software today.  We believe the "SaaSpocalypse" narrative, like the "retail 
apocalypse" before it, is simultaneously right about the technology's long-term transformative power and wrong about its 
indiscriminate near-term destructive potential.  AI will reshape the software landscape profoundly and almost certainly in a 
much more rapid fashion than e-commerce impacted B&M retail, but it will not reshape it uniformly. 
The investment opportunity this creates is not theoretical.  At the peak of the retail apocalypse narrative, Dick's Sporting 
Goods traded at less than 4x EBITDA and O'Reilly had experienced its worst single-day decline in company history.  This was 
not because their businesses were broken, but rather because the market was incapable of distinguishing structural strength 
from structural fragility when headlines demanded a single verdict.  Today, the iShares Expanded Tech-Software index has 
shed $2.5 trillion in market capitalization – applying a nearly identical logic of terminal pessimism to an equally heterogeneous 
business sector.  Within that drawdown lies the same opportunity we identified in retail: companies with mission-critical 
workflows, deeply embedded customer relationships, regulatory complexity that serves as a moat rather than a burden, and the 
free cash flow generation required to absorb and accelerate through the transition.  These businesses are not AI's victims.  
They are, as our framework argues, AI's next beneficiaries. 
At the same time, we note that while valuations of SMID application software companies
36 have declined 55% from an 
average of 6.9x EV/sales(ntm) as of December 31, 2024 to 3.1x as of quarter-end, the drawdown began from a significantly 
higher average valuation than the retailers we cite above.  We acknowledge that the software companies we have cited largely 
trade between 10x and 20x free cash flow(ntm), and do not posit that the market has assigned terminal values of zero to their 
shares.  As a result, we are not assuming 40% four-year share price CAGRs as the advantaged retailers we cited were able to 
achieve.  Given the pace of model advancements and the wave of VC-funding being plowed into the product and sales and 
marketing departments of startups, we expect the world of enterprise software to become more competitive over the next 
several years than it is today and thus underwriting a recovery to prior average industry valuations may be aggressive.  E-
commerce is limited by physics (e.g. heavier products cost more to ship) in a way that AI is not.   
However, we believe the market is currently serving up opportunities in the form of cheap (and in some cases fire-sale) prices 
for structurally advantaged businesses trading near their runoff value and with long growth runways going forward.  As with 
retail, we believe this indiscriminate selling creates an extraordinarily fertile hunting ground for investors with the experience 
and framework to capitalize on such opportunities.  
*  *  * 
 
36 Average of 30 application software companies included in the WCLD index with $1bn-$10bn of market cap as of 12/31/24.  
Magis Capital Partners, LLC
