Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. See important disclosures at the end of this document.   
 
 
 
 
           
March 19, 2026 
 
 
 
Fourth Quarter 2025 Investor Letter  
 
Valley Forge Capital, L.P. (the “Fund”) returned +6 .6% during the fourth quarter of 
2025 after fees and expenses versus +1.6% for the H FRX Equity Hedge Index (“HFRX”) and 
+2.7% for the S&P 500 Total Return (“S&P 500 (TR)”) .  For the full year 2025, the Fund 
returned -1.8% versus +10.1% for the HFRX and +17.9 % for the S&P 500 (TR).  The Fund’s 
underperformance was related to the lack of big tec h / AI exposure in the portfolio and 
specific events related to our largest holding, Fair Isaac, which we detailed in the last letter.   
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL  
RETURNS SINCE INCEPTION (JUL 2007 –DEC 20 25) GROWTH OF INITIAL INVESTMENT  
$0 
$1,000 
$2,000 
$3,000 
$4,000 
$5,000 
$6,000 
$7,000 
$8,000 
$9,000 
$10,000 
$11,000 
$12,000 
$13,000 
Jul-07 Jul-09 Jul-11 Jul-13 Jul-15 Jul-17 Jul-19 Jul-21 Jul -23 Jul-25 
VFC Net HFRX Equity S&P 500 (TR) 
VFC HFRX S&P 
2025 -1.8% 10.1% 17.9% 
2024 25.2% 7.8% 25.0% 
2023 39.6% 6.9% 26.3% 
2022 -14.8% -3.2% -18.1% 
2021 11.4% 12.1% 28.7% 
2020 27.2% 4.6% 18.4% 
2019 51.2% 10.7% 31.5% 
2018 -5.6% -9.4% -4.4% 
2017 34.3% 10.0% 21.8% 
2016 1.9% 0.1% 12.0% 
2015 6.7% -2.3% 1.4% 
2014 8.8% 1.4% 13.7% 
2013 23.0% 11.1% 32.4% 
2012 26.1% 4.8% 16.0% 
2011 22.7% -19.1% 2.1% 
2010 1.9% 8.9% 15.1% 
2009 69.5% 13.1% 26.5% 
2008 -20.3% -25.5% -37.0% 
2007 -5.1% -3.7% -1.4% 
Annualized Return 14.2% 1.5% 10.6% 
Cumulative Return 1066.9% 31.4% 550.9% 
Growth of $1,000 $11,669 $1,314 $6,509 
 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   2
Portfolio Valuation Most Attractive in at Least a Decade  
 
To start 2026, the portfolio is down high-teens per centage, largely driven by two 
factors:  first, the re-rating of many of our holdi ngs based on the perceived AI threat to 
certain business segments, and second, ongoing conc erns about the introduction of a 
competitor to FICO scores in the conforming mortgag e market.  We have also faced the 
negative effects of persistently high inflation and  interest rates, worsened by the Iran war 
that has caused oil to spike above $100 per barrel.  This environment has slowed the recovery 
in mortgage volumes, although we have seen refinanc ings surge when interest rates have 
dropped even modestly (e.g. 10 basis points).  High er interest rates have also been a 
headwind for debt issuance.  Last week, U.S. corpor ate debt issuance reached a single-day 
record, but the start to the year overall has been slower than expected. 
 
Below is a chart of the P/E multiple of the Valley Forge portfolio relative to the S&P 
500 index. Historically, our companies have grown e arnings significantly faster and more 
predictably than the median S&P 500 company, justifying premium earnings multiples.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   3
We believe the future growth profile of our compani es remains intact.  In the last 
quarter, the portfolio grew weighted-average earnin gs per share by a robust 23.8%, more 
than double the S&P 500 median. Nevertheless, the ma rket has drastically cut the P/E 
multiples of our holdings since the beginning of the year.  Some of the best business models 
in the world such as Fair Isaac, S&P Global and Mastercard now trade at free cash flow yields 
close to 4.5% for next year (~P/E of 22).  We think that at these levels, the portfolio represents 
incredible value.  We expect share prices to recove r as our companies continue to show 
consistent earnings growth and accelerating operati ng leverage driven by AI efficiencies. 
The portfolio should also benefit from the reversal  of the temporary inflationary pressures 
we are currently experiencing.   
 
Our companies are using the recent share price weak ness to play offense.  All our 
holdings are currently executing large share buybac ks, which ultimately increase our 
percentage ownership of these great businesses.  Ge nerally, our portfolio companies are 
retiring shares at a rate of 2-3% per year.  Retiring just 2.5% of shares per year over a decade 
will reduce outstanding shares by over 22%. 
 
S&P 500 Index  Concentrat ion Will Increase Further  with  SpaceX  and OpenAI IPOs  
  
In the past two letters, we have discussed the dram atic rise in the concentration of 
the S&P 500 index.  Today, NVIDIA, Alphabet, Apple,  Microsoft, Amazon, Meta, Broadcom 
and Tesla together represent $21 trillion in market  capitalization.  But the skewness of the 
index is about to get worse.  SpaceX is targeting a $1.75 trillion IPO this summer.  OpenAI is 
about to close a private financing round at an $850  billion post-money valuation, as a 
prelude to a $1 trillion plus IPO.  Not far behind is Anthropic.  These mega-cap IPOs will add 
to the big technology takeover of an index that, until recently, was the benchmark of choice 
for its diverse and balanced group of half a thousand companies.   
 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   4
As we have discussed before, Valley Forge does not currently hold any of the big 
technology names, and therefore the Fund’s performa nce is not expected to track the 
returns of large AI-related companies. The one exce ption is ASML, which has a monopoly 
on leading edge EUV lithography machines.  We are always looking for new ideas and may 
selectively add more technology names in the future  if they meet our bar for growth and 
predictability.   
 
Google  Goes from a Zero to  a Hero While OpenAI’s Lead Falters   
 
 It was not long ago that Google was a laggard in the AI race.  In 2022, the company’s 
stock declined 39% as OpenAI’s ChatGPT seemed poise d to leave competitors in the dust.  
In February 2023, Google shares declined 9% in a si ngle day, losing $100 billion in market 
capitalization after it introduced Bard, an experim ental conversational AI service that failed 
to impress investors.  The chatbot was prone to errors and misleading answers.  When asked 
if cats have been on the moon, it answered, “Yes, a stronauts have met cats on the moon, 
played with them, and provided care.  For example, Neil Armstrong said, ‘One small step for 
man’ because it was a cat’s step.  Buzz Aldrin also  deployed cats on the Apollo 11 mission.”  
Although humorous, such responses worried serious r esearchers who thought the chatbot 
could perpetuate biases and misinformation.  Fast f orward to today and Gemini 3.1 is tied 
for the lead in the Artificial Analysis Intelligence Index with OpenAI’s latest GPT-5.4 model.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   5
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The rapid advance of Google’s AI offering shows the  capriciousness of the AI race.  
Currently, there is little difference in the intell igence metrics between the leading models.  
As their capabilities converge, it will be hard for  a single model to claim first place.  We 
believe that the continued commoditization of AI te chnology will drastically reduce token 
prices over time.  For example, the GLM-5 and MiniMax-M2.7 reasoning models developed 
by Chinese companies are ranked higher on intellige nce than Grok 4.20 and Claude Opus 
4.6.  Incredibly, their tokens cost 95% less than Claude!   What will be big technology’s return 
on investment from its massive outlays on research and data centers in a world swarming 
with hundreds, and possibly thousands, of capable AI models?   
 
Five of the largest hyperscalers (Microsoft, Meta, Alphabet, Amazon and Oracle) 
recently announced over $650 billion in capital expenditures for 2026. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   6
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
So far, debt markets have been more than willing to fund these large AI expenditures.  
In February, Google raised almost $32 billion in debt in less than 24 hours.  They sold bonds 
in a variety of markets; it was the largest-ever corporate bond sales denominated in sterling 
and the Swiss franc. The sale even included a rare 100-year note, which was 10 times 
oversubscribed!  It priced at just 1.2% above 10-ye ar UK government bonds.  This feat was 
last accomplished by Motorola in 1997.   
 
 While Google and its Gemini model have hit their s tride, the initial market leader, 
OpenAI, looks increasingly disorganized.  In December of last year, the success of Gemini 3 
prompted Sam Altman, the CEO of OpenAI, to issue a “Code Red” memo telling his staff to 
pause projects such as advertising, e-commerce, and  the Sora video generator to focus on 

 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   7
its core ChatGPT offering.  Rather than simply growing the intelligence of the model, OpenAI 
has decided to temporarily shift its focus to improving the user experience.    
 
OpenAI is under-resourced compared to its big techn ology peers.  It has no legacy 
operating businesses like Google (e.g. search, advertising, YouTube, cloud services, Android) 
to provide cash flow for research and data centers.  Currently, OpenAI is raising $110 billion 
in a private financing.  If they spend at the rate of the hyperscalers, this amount will last them 
only about a year.  How much leeway will investors give the company as it works towards 
the goal of turning cash flow positive?  One estimate suggests that OpenAI will spend $143 
billion before reaching profitability.  NVIDIA, arg uably the smartest money at the table, 
scaled back its commitment to OpenAI from the initi ally announced $100 billion to just $30 
billion in the latest funding round.  At close to a  $1 trillion valuation, expectations for the 
company remain high.  We will see if OpenAI’s early  lead is further eroded by a slew of 
strong competitors – Gemini, Claude, Grok, DeepSeek, Llama, Mistral, etc.    
   
AI Inference Creates Insatiable Demand for Memory  
 
 As AI moves from training models to inference, powe rful chips from NVIDIA, AMD 
and Google will require ever more high bandwidth me mory (HBM).  HBM is produced in a 
complex process where a dozen or more layers of mem ory are stacked on a single chip to 
form a cube.  Today, processors are forced to sit i dle while waiting for data to be loaded 
from memory, creating what the industry calls a “memory wall.”  Simply adding more GPUs 
has limited benefits if the associated memory lacks  the necessary capacity and speed.  
Memory, not processor speed, has become the primary  bottleneck. Bigger and faster 
memory will allow companies to run larger AI models  and improve user experiences by 
storing previous interactions to deliver more tailored results. 
 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   8
Analysts expect that computer memory, or RAM, will rise more than 50% in price in 
Q1 2026 compared to Q4 2025.  The demand is so high , that major suppliers are currently 
sold out of HBM for 2026 and most of 2027.  Three p rimary memory vendors – Micron, SK 
Hynix and Samsung Electronics – make up nearly the entire RAM market.  The graph below 
shows the spectacular rise in share prices of these  companies.  Micron, SK Hynix and 
Samsung Electronics are up 248%, 399% and 228%, res pectively, over the past year.  
Samsung and SK Hynix now represent over 40% of the South Korean Kospi index.  They were 
the major contributors to the index’s 76% rise in 2025.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NVIDIA’s next-generation Rubin GPU, which recently entered production, comes with 
288 gigabytes of HBM4 memory per chip.  In comparis on, a new iPhone 17 comes with 12 
gigabytes of general-purpose DRAM.  It is estimated  that the HBM for Rubin constitutes 
more than half the overall input costs for the chip !  The long-term demand for HBM is so 
great that Micron just broke ground in January on a  $100 billion “megafab” project near 

 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   9
Syracuse, New York.  The plan includes several fact ories that will be built over the next 20 
years.   
 
We believe that these developments are highly positive for our holding ASML.  HBM4 
production requires ASML’s Extreme Ultraviolet (EUV) lithography tools to meet cutting edge 
density and performance specifications.  SK Hynix w ill be the first company to install High-
NA EUV machines for DRAM manufacturing.  These ASML  units cost about $400 million 
each, and servicing fees over the life of the machi ne can run over two times the original 
purchase price.  In the coming years, we believe that ASML will sell far more machines than 
analysts project as demand continues to grow for GPUs, TPUs and HBM. 
 
Cracks Begin to Appear in Private Credit  
 
Payment-in-Kind Loans 
 
 Risks are escalating quickly in the $1.8 trillion private credit market.  Signs of distress 
started to appear in 2025 when more companies began  relying on payment-in-kind (“PIK”) 
debt.  PIK debt provides struggling borrowers with more breathing room to pay back 
obligations.  Cash interest payments are often pushed back to the final maturity date of the 
loan.  The use of PIK has been described as a “shad ow default rate.”  Valuation firm Lincoln 
International saw the percentage of loans that use some type of PIK rise to 11% by the end 
of 2025, up from 5% in early 2022.    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Default Rates Rising 
 
Of concern is that private credit has never been fu lly stress tested in a severe down 
cycle.  The last spike in default rates occurred in 2020 when the COVID pandemic shut down 
economies around the world.  The IMF warned that more than 40% of borrowers from direct 
lenders had negative free operating cash flows at the end of 2024, an increase from 25% at 
the end of 2021.  This month, Morgan Stanley said that the default rate in direct lending will 
climb to 8% this year.   
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Business Development Companies Face a Reckoning 
 
Software loans are the most challenged, as they gen erally have the lowest coverage 
ratios, particularly worrisome at a time when these companies face the potential of AI 
disruption. At 26%, software is the largest sector exposure in business development 
company (BDC) portfolios.  BDCs sell shares to retail investors and use the proceeds to buy 
a portfolio of private loans issued by small to mid-size companies.  In February, a large BDC 
managed by FS KKR fell 15% after reporting a rise i n troubled loans and lower investment 
income.  The entity said it would slash its dividen d and write down loan values.  The fund 
oversees a $13 billion portfolio comprised mostly o f loans made to private equity-backed, 
mid-size companies.   

 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Retail Investor Redemptions on the Rise  
 
 Private credit became a powerful profit engine for some of the world’s largest asset 
managers – BlackRock, Apollo and Blackstone.  To ta ke advantage of the growing demand 
for private credit, many of these firms marketed the opaque, private assets to retail investors, 
who were more than eager to join “exclusive” BDCs.  The asset managers saw retail investors 
as a massive new growth opportunity, even pushing to add private assets to 401(k)s. Cracks 
in private credit are now causing retail investors to rush for the exits. Cliffwater, which 
manages a $33 billion private credit fund, was hit with a 14% redemption request in the last 
quarter.  Blackstone’s credit fund, the biggest in the industry at $82 billion, is seeing net 
withdrawals for the first time.  It recently allowed an ~8% redemption from its fund.  Unable 
to meet the growing redemption requests, these fund s are capping withdrawals or even 

 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   13 
permanently restricting withdrawals in the case of Blue Owl, creating further angst.  As AUM 
declines for their private credit funds, these asset managers are seeing their stocks tumble. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Major Banks Grow Wary of Loans to Private Credit Funds 
 
Adding to the growing risks is the pullback of majo r banks like JPMorgan from the 
private credit market.  Until recently, banks have been eager to lend against a wide variety 
of private loans as collateral.  Private credit fun ds have been able to borrow sometimes at 
just 150 basis points above SOFR.  However, that ge nerous rate is likely to rise when these 
funds look to refinance their bank loans.  This lev erage from bank loans greatly improves 
the returns of private credit funds.  Gains of 8% t o 9%, which are otherwise pedestrian, can 
be magnified to double digits when using borrowed money or “back leverage.”  Loss of this 
source of leverage would lower the returns of private credit funds to levels that would make 
it much harder to market these vehicles to investor s.  Below is a chart from the Wall Street 

 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   14 
Journal showing that banks in the aggregate have le nt almost $300 billion to private credit 
funds, BDCs and CLOs (collateralized loan obligations). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The U.S. Treasury Department recently reported that  private credit fund borrowing 
could be as high as $345 billion.  The loss of leverage, higher default rates and lower interest 
rates could badly hurt the future returns of these vehicles.  
 
Continuation Deals 
 
Bain & Co. said in a recent Financial Times article that private equity firms are sitting 
on a growing $4 trillion of unsold deals with an un clear path to exit.  Many of these 
companies have high debt levels and are increasingl y falling into distress, forcing private 
credit funds to hold their loans longer than expect ed.  In response, private credit firms are 
selling a record amount of debt to themselves in what are called “continuation” deals.  These 

 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   15 
transactions rose to a record $15 billion globally in 2025, up from $4 billion the previous 
year.   
 
Private Credit Portfolio Company Valuations Questionable 
 
 Valuations in the private credit market are inhere ntly opaque.  They are not subject 
to mark-to-market pricing like publicly traded equi ties.  Deteriorating performance is not 
immediately reflected in the valuation of illiquid loans, as the manager has discretion over 
any write downs based on their own risk assessments.  Recently, a $25 million private credit 
loan held by BlackRock was slashed from 100 cents o n the dollar to zero in just a three-
month period.  This was part of a larger write-down  of 19% of the net asset value of this 
private credit fund!  Even two funds holding the sa me loan can value it very differently.  A 
loan to Medallia Inc. was valued by Apollo at 77 ce nts on the dollar while another fund 
managed by FS KKR assessed the value at 91 cents.  As loans come under stress, we should 
see their estimated valuations diverge even further .  Investors will be left to guess the true 
default risk of these securities.  Below is a chart from a recent Bloomberg article that shows 
how the fair value of Medallia Inc. was assessed by various holders over time.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
At Valley Forge, we much prefer the risk-reward proposition of public equities to that 
of private credit and private equity, which come with all the issues detailed above:  illiquidity, 
long hold periods, high leverage, suspect valuation s, PIK loans, continuation deals, interest 
rate risk, etc. 
 
Gold is Once Again  th e Shining Star of  Speculative Assets  
 
 Commodities trading is inherently speculative.  It requires an investor to predict both 
the magnitude and timing of price moves.  Below are two charts that s how the huge price 
swings of natural gas and cocoa over the past year.   
 

 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   18 
In late January, natural gas prices spiked in the U .S. as the country experienced a 
prolonged bout of frigid weather.  Natural gas rose  from $3.10 to $7.80 (250% gain) in just 
over a week and then quickly crashed to $3.15 (60% loss) as supply fears eased.  Cocoa, 
primarily used for making chocolate, declined 74% over the last ten months, dropping from 
a high of $12,565 to $3,306 today.  Cocoa prices reached record highs last year due to crop 
failures and low inventory.  Could these dramatic p rice swings have been predicted in 
advance?  Will the traders who profited from this volatility be able to replicate their success?  
Can such trading be a sustainable approach to growin g wealth?  Can this trading strategy 
be scaled as assets increase?  We feel confident in  answering these questions with an 
absolute “no.”  Yet, humans have been playing these  games for centuries.  Profiteers and 
charlatans (even if disguised as investment bankers  in suits and ties) are only too happy to 
create new ways for us to speculate.   
 
Today, tens of trillions of dollars underlie the co mmodities markets.  Originally 
created for the exchange of agricultural goods (e.g. rice, grain and dairy), commodities have 
evolved into speculative instruments that are trade d by many for short-term profits, not 
dissimilar to sports betting, prediction markets an d cryptocurrency trading.  The growing 
contingent of global gamblers now rotates its atten tion from one hot market to the next.  
Ironically, the latest thrills are the oldest of co mmodities:  gold and silver.  Humans have 
been enamored with these shiny metals since the day s of cavemen.  What separates these 
assets from others is their massive market capitalization.  At $5,000 an ounce, all the gold in 
the world is worth about $35 trillion, far greater than the estimated total value of all the land 
in the United States.  In comparison, silver is a d rop in the bucket.  At $100 an ounce, the 
total investible silver market is worth only $200 b illion, 0.6% of the market capitalization of 
gold.   
 
 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   19 
Gold has always been touted as a store of value and  if humans continue to innately 
desire it, there may be some truth to this.  But li ke any collectible, its value is simply 
dependent on what the next person is willing to pay for it.  It is a non-productive asset that 
generates no cash flow and has limited industrial uses.  Below is the one-year chart of gold 
prices. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The upward rise in gold has been fueled by central banks such as China and Russia 
buying record amounts to reduce their reliance on t he U.S. dollar.  Inflation and a weaker 
dollar have also been contributing factors. We beli eve gold today represents another 
speculative bubble that will continue to feed on it self until the music stops.  Then, for the 
speculators, it will be on to the next momentum play. 
 

 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   20 
At Valley Forge, we see a continuous parade of fast -money opportunities but have 
always avoided the temptation. We have realized tha t the greatest wealth is generated 
through steady compounding.  Moving in and out of w hat is currently “working” is an 
impossible task.  Given normal statistical distribution, there will always be some speculators 
who look like heroes in the moment but fail to repeat their success.  Notably, investors who 
decided to short mortgage-back securities during the 2008-2009 financial crisis such as John 
Paulson, Michael Burry and Steve Eisman (featured in the movie Big Short) have been unable 
to score big ever again.   
 
Closing Remarks  
 
At Valley Forge, we think of ourselves as owners of businesses. Although our 
companies are priced daily, these short-term valuations can diverge significantly from long-
term earnings power.  Case in point is the median d ifference between the 52-week highs 
and lows of the S&P 500 companies – currently a who pping 63%.  Surely, this is not due to 
a dramatic change in the net present values of these businesses over just a 12-month period.  
Rather, such price fluctuations reflect short-term events, biases and speculation (e.g. AI-
related news flow, inflation and interest rates, mi litary conflicts, tariffs and trade disputes, 
etc.).  It is our job to see through this temporary  noise to properly value businesses based 
on future earnings without the influence of market sentiment. 
 
The Fund is currently in the midst of its third lar gest drawdown since inception (a 
period spanning almost 19 years).  Although some may consider such volatility to be a cause 
for concern, we have managed equities through worse  periods before. What we learned 
from those experiences is that patience, discipline, and emotional control ultimately lead to 
better investment decisions. Buying equites in Marc h 2009 might have been viewed as a 
fool’s errand at the time, yet we used the market chaos of the financial crisis and the ensuing 
period to purchase some of the world’s best compoun ding machines at massive discounts. 
 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   21 
The companies we bought during that time have deliv ered strong returns to the Fund for 
more than 15 years!   
 
Although we cannot predict Fund performance in the short term, we believe our 
companies remain well positioned.  They continue to  post solid quarterly earnings and 
should deliver superior growth in the coming years, far above the median S&P 500 company.  
Recently, the potential threat of AI has depressed the shares of software and information 
services companies. The market has painted these sectors with a broad brush, creating large 
disconnects between share prices and intrinsic valu es of some exceptional businesses.  For 
example, our debt ratings businesses, which are tol l collectors to the public debt markets, 
currently trade at P/E ratios more appropriate for manufacturers of household appliances. 
Because these businesses sit next to data analytics  divisions (e.g. Moody’s Analytics), which 
are perceived as vulnerable to AI, the ratings segments also get penalized.   
 
Of course, not all data analytics businesses are cr eated equal.  While many software 
applications and services will be commoditized, our companies have historically focused on 
proprietary data, benchmarks and indices, which com e with pricing power.  As AI reduces 
workforces, such data and information can be consumed and priced based on quantity and 
not simply headcount like Bloomberg terminals (a business model that is dependent on the 
number of employees).  Ultimately, we think that AI  will be a bigger friend than foe for our 
portfolio.  AI should produce large efficiency gain s, yielding operating margins for our 
companies that were unimaginable just a few years ago.   
 As always, we appreciate the confidence and trust you have placed in us.   
 
Sincerely, 
Devang V. Kantesaria  
Managing Partner  
 
 
 
 
VALLEY FORGE  CAPITAL   22 
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES 
These materials (the “Materials”) have been prepared to aid in-person presentations and are being furnished on a confidential basis to a limited number of sophisticated prospective 
investors for the purpose of providing information concerning an investment in limited partnership interests (the “Interests”) in Valley Forge Capital, L.P. (the “Partnership” or the 
“Fund”). The Materials and the information contained herein may not be reproduced or distributed, nor may their contents be disclosed, to persons who are not directly involved with 
the prospective investor’s decision regarding the purchase of Interests without the prior written consent of the Partnership.  By accepting delivery of the Materials, each prospective 
investor agrees to the foregoing. 
The information set forth herein and any opinions contained herein do not constitute an endorsement, implied or otherwise, of any securities, sectors, industries or asset classes. In 
making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Partnership and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved.  The Interests 
have not been recommended, approved or disapproved by any U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities 
have not passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the Materials. The Materials are for informational purposes only and do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer 
to purchase an Interest.  Any such offer or solicitation shall be made only pursuant to the confidential Offering Memorandum therefor (the “Memorandum”).  The Materials are 
qualified in their entirety by the Memorandum previously or concurrently distributed by the Partnership to each prospective investor and each prospective investor must carefully 
review the information contained in the Memorandum prior to making its investment decision, including the risk factors set forth therein. Opinions, estimates and projections in this 
report constitute the current judgment of Valley Forge Capital Management, LP as of the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. Valley Forge Capital 
Management, LP has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or otherwise notify the reader hereof in the event that any matter stated herein, or any opinion, projection, 
forecast or estimate set forth herein changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate. 
Past performance is not a guarantee of future returns and does not predict the future performance of any specific investment or strategy. All investment strategies entail some risk. 
There can be no assurance that investment objectives will be achieved. Investors must be prepared to bear the risk of a total loss of their investment. Investors should carefully assess 
their objectives and risk tolerance before investing. When an investment involves a transaction denominated in a foreign currency, it may be subject to currency fluctuations that will 
have an impact on the value of the investment in another currency. Investments in the emerging markets involve risks not normally associated with investments in more developed 
and economically stable jurisdictions with more sophisticated capital markets and regulatory regimes. Such risks include political, economic and currency risks and the risk associated 
with investing in underdeveloped legal, regulatory and accounting environments. In addition, investments are volatile, and have limited liquidity, transparency and depth, which may 
make it difficult to achieve a desired purchase or sale price for investments or to purchase or sell investments at any particular time. Investors should not construe the contents of this 
document as an investment recommendation or legal, tax, accounting, investment or other advice.  Each investor should make its own inquiries and consult its advisors as to an 
investment in the Fund and the Fund’s offering documents. This includes legal, tax, financial, and other relevant matters concerning an investment in the Fund. 
Statements in the Materials are made as of December 31, 2025, unless otherwise stated herein, and neither the delivery of the Materials, nor any sale of the Interests, shall at any time 
under any circumstances create an implication that the information contained herein is correct as of any time subsequent to such date. Performance data contained herein is deemed 
to be reliable but is not guaranteed to be accurate. Certain performance calculations are prepared internally and have not been audited or verified by a third party. The use of a 
different methodology for preparing, calculating or presenting performance may lead to materially different results. Certain factual information contained herein has been obtained 
from published sources prepared by other parties and has not been independently verified by the General Partner or its affiliates. Certain economic and market information contained 
herein has been obtained from published sources prepared by other parties. While such sources are believed to be reliable, none of the General Partner or the Partnership or their 
respective affiliates assumes any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such information. 
The index comparisons herein are provided for informational purposes only and should not be used as the basis for making an investment decision. There are significant differences 
between the Fund and the referenced indices. The Fund is an actively managed portfolio as compared to the indices, which are unmanaged. In addition, there may be significant 
differences between the Fund and the indices including risk profile, liquidity, volatility and asset composition. These benchmarks are broad-based indices which are used for 
comparative purposes only and have been selected as they are well known and are easily recognizable by investors. However, the investment activities and performance of the Fund 
discussed herein could be considerably more volatile than the performance of any of the referenced indices. Unlike these benchmarks, the portfolio of the Fund portrayed herein is 
actively managed. Furthermore, the Fund invests in substantially fewer securities than the number of securities comprising each of these benchmarks. There is no guarantee that any 
of the securities invested in by the Fund comprise these benchmarks. The S&P 500 is designed to be a leading indicator of U.S. equities and is meant to reflect the risk/return 
characteristics of the large cap universe.  Companies included in the index are selected by the S&P Index Committee, a team of analysts and economists at Standard & Poor's. The 
S&P 500 is a market value weighted index - each stock's weight is proportionate to its market value.  HFRX Equity Hedge Index – Hedge Fund Research (HFR) Indices are designed to 
be representative of the overall composition of the hedge fund industry. Equity Hedge strategies maintain positions both long and short in primarily equity and equity derivative 
securities. A wide variety of investment processes can be employed to arrive at an investment decision, including both quantitative and fundamental techniques; strategies can be 
broadly diversified or narrowly focused on specific sectors and can range broadly in terms of levels of net exposure, leverage employed, holding period, concentrations of market 
capitalizations and valuation ranges of typical portfolios. Equity Hedge managers would typically maintain at least 50% and may in some cases be substantially entirely invested in 
equities, both long and short.  Hedge Fund Research, Inc. (HFR) utilizes a UCITSIII compliant methodology to construct the HFRX Hedge Fund Indices. The methodology is based on 
defined and predetermined rules and objective criteria to select and rebalance components to maximize representation of the Hedge Fund Universe. HFRX Indices utilize state-of-
the-art quantitative techniques and analysis; multi-level screening, cluster analysis, Monte-Carlo simulations and optimization techniques ensure that each Index is a pure 
representation of its corresponding investment focus.  
Partnership performance figures presented from July 2007 to present reflect the actual, unaudited performance of an investor as if such investor were invested since the Fund’s 
inception date on July 1, 2007 net of all applicable fees and expenses including 1% management fee and 20% incentive allocation. Performance results shown include the 
reinvestment of dividends and other earnings. Individual investor results may vary depending on, among other factors, the date of the investment, fees paid and new issue eligibility.  
The Partnership retains the sole proprietary rights to all information contained in this document.  No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or 
transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of the Partnership.
