ECONOMICS FINDS A WAY 
 
HEDGE FUNDS (Inception) MARCH 2026 YEAR-TO-DATE ANNUALIZED 
Venator Founders Fund (March 2006) * -13.0% -13.2% 8.1% 
Venator Select Fund (September 2013) -13.2% -11.2% 7.9% 
S&P/TSX Total Return (March 2006) -4.3% 3.9% 8.4% 
Russell 2000 Total Return (March 2006) -5.0% 0.9% 7.8% 
S&P Toronto Small Cap Total Return (March 2006) -9.0% 11.4% 6.1% 
S&P 500 Total Return (March 2006) -5.0% -4.3% 10.5% 
 
ALTERNATIVE MUTUAL FUNDS (Inception) MAR 2026 YTD 1-YR 3-YR 5-YR 10-YR 
Venator Alternative Income Fund (January 2020) ** -1.4% 0.7% 3.4% 7.2% 2.4% 5.0% 
B of A Merrill Lynch High Yield Index (August 2008) -1.2% -0.5% 6.9% 8.5% 4.2% 6.0% 
 
 LAUNCH VALUE CURRENT VALUE 
Venator Ascendant Alternative Fund Series UF (USD) (June 2025) *** 10.0000 10.7414 
Venator Ascendant Alternative Fund Series A1 (CAD) (June 2025) *** 6.9223 7.5102 
S&P 500 Total Return (June 2025) 13,461.10 14,560.75 
 
 As of March 31, 2026 
* Venator Offshore Fund is available as the US dollar version of Founders Fund strategy 
** Performance data prior to January 24, 2020, relates to Class F Units of Venator Income Fund, which was distributed to investors on a 
prospectus-exempt basis in accordance with National Instrument 45-106 
*** Venator Ascendant Alternative Fund, previously named Venator Founders Alternative Fund, launched on June 24, 2025 
 
March was a tough month for us and financial markets globally, and there is no way to sugarcoat it. 
The Iran-U.S. conflict and the effective closure of the Strait of Hormuz dominated every headline, 
every trading desk, and, seemingly, every tick in the market. Our gold positions—which we 
maintained as a defensive position—were anything but, as the prevailing narrative shifted to a chain 
that we believe is flawed: oil up equals inflation up equals rates up equals U.S. dollar up equals gold 
down. It is an intellectually tidy “with hindsight” framework that the market embraced after the fact, 
but we are skeptical that central banks will increase rates in the face of temporary artificial inflation. 
This was not your typical geopolitical event pattern, and as of this writing, the market is moving by 
the “Truth Social” tweet. The magnitude and duration of the conflict remain pure guesswork. 
We did not have meaningful energy exposure heading into March, as the world appeared awash in 
supply prior to the conflict. As the worst-case narrative gained steam, we didn’t go to cash, as this is 
historically rarely the answer in situations like these, because missing the initial move at the end of 
hostilities can mean missing an entire year’s return; it’s easy to miss that move among a multitude of 
false starts. The better approach, historically, is to rotate into opportunities offering asymmetric 
upside on the way out of these temporary macro shocks. 
One of the reasons for our skepticism vs the doomsayers is that economics often finds a way. Every 
time we read/see an expert talking about 20% of global shipments transiting the Strait of Hormuz 
 
 
being at risk of sinking the global economy, our first thought is: can we get a clip/article of what you 
said a few years ago about the energy complex discussing Russia-Ukraine? The consensus at the time 
was oil to $150, European natural gas to €150, North American natural gas to $12 (which was never 
realistic—you cannot simply export gas on a whim; LNG capacity was spoken for and new facilities 
would take years to build; the market hasn’t made that same mistake this time around with gas 
below $3.00), millions of people freezing throughout the winter, and fertilizer shortages because 
Belarus would be sanctioned as a Russian puppet state. This was the consensus view before Nord 
Stream 1 was destroyed. Two years later with Russia and Ukraine still at war, oil and gas were in 
material oversupply. No one froze. Every expert got it wrong (perhaps the issue is that the media 
would rather speak to pessimistic experts than optimistic ones). 
The off-ramps in the current events in the Persian Gulf are readily observable. Trump could declare 
victory (even if no one else sees it that way), withdraw, and let China, India, and Europe sort out their 
own oil and gas/LNG transport arrangements—North America does not need hydrocarbons from the 
Middle East, as over 80% of Persian Gulf shipments is destined for Asia (note: We wrote this 
paragraph last week, although, this now seems to be the new consensus view). Iran has already 
demonstrated selective enforcement, allowing Chinese, Pakistani and Indian destined vessels 
through the Strait on a limited basis (plus additional negotiated exceptions). Saudi Arabia is rerouting 
some crude through their Red Sea pipeline. And as sanctions ease on Russia, by necessity, Germany 
has the ability to open Nord Stream 2 for natural gas needs. Like Russia-Ukraine—a conflict that 
continues to this day—there are commercial off-ramps to immaterial supply disruption within several 
months, even if hostilities persist. None of these are particularly hard to implement but require 
political will largely between Iran and its Asian trade partners (would Iran want to stay in an 
economic war with Asia and its Middle East neighbors if the US just set sail and left?). That said, we 
do not want to appear flippant: it does appear that some hydrocarbon disruption cannot be easily 
undone; jet fuel will likely remain in an elevated state for at least six months while refineries are 
repaired, with airlines already cutting routes and hiking fares by double digits. While we don’t 
profess to be experts in global energy logistics, based on how Russia-Ukraine played out in energy 
markets, the experts were hardly experts either, so it’s good to have your opinion. 
VENATOR ASCENDANT ALTERNATIVE FUND (VAAF) 
A reminder that the VAAF is our index strategy constructed as a quantitatively managed cap 
weighted index of approximately the bottom half of the S&P 500 constituents. The fund performed 
roughly in line with the S&P 500 in March and is currently sitting on a small gain year-to-date but still 
materially outperforming its benchmark S&P 500. One interesting development this month: EchoStar 
(SATS) was added to the S&P 500 as part of the March quarterly rebalance and qualified for entry 
into the fund. At this point, EchoStar’s primary asset is its approximately 3% stake in SpaceX, 
acquired through spectrum trades, currently worth the majority of the value of EchoStar’s equity. 
SpaceX is expected to file for an IPO soon, but the stock itself will not formally be in the S&P 500 for 
at least twelve months after listing—possibly years given float and GAAP net income requirements. 
So, for now, EchoStar is the public market’s most direct proxy for SpaceX exposure, and it just landed 
in our index at roughly 7x its weight in the S&P 500. 
 
 
 
EQUITY STRATEGIES 
Our equity strategies had a rough month. Our gold positions fell materially, which we were not 
expecting in a geopolitical crisis—the oil-rates-dollar narrative overwhelmed traditional safe-haven 
flows. Earnings across our holdings were generally fine, but the pattern was punishing: good quarters 
were met with short-lived gains that were quickly given back, while any hint of weakness had no 
support at all. We would note that we do have quantitative stop losses for individual positions that 
can range from 10-35% depending on fundamentals vs valuation as well as standard deviation of an 
individual security (i.e. a 15% drop in Walmart would be far more concerning than a 15% drop in the 
junior mining company which might not generate an alert until it dropped 25%). These models 
ensure we don’t get stubborn in our views, and they impact stock purchases as well, ensuring that we 
don’t buy something that would be a stop loss had we owned it already.  
As is often the case, while we have no problem selling companies with declining fundamentals or 
extended valuations, we often find it difficult to sell companies that are doing well because of macro-
economic factors that we don’t believe to be impactful to the businesses. Porch Group (PRCH) 
initially jumped over 30% on a very strong fourth-quarter report that landed materially ahead of 
expectations with strong 2026 guidance but gave it all back, and then some, as the broader market 
rolled over; as primarily a technology led home insurance provider, we do not expect current events 
to have a material impact on growth plans (in fact, insurance premiums in their core markets have 
continued to rise this year). Badger Infrastructure (BDGI), the leading provider of non-destructive 
excavation equipment, was punished for an increased capex guide, even though the reason was 
record demand—management guided to building 270 to 310 new hydrovac units (vs a current unit 
count of 1,700), the highest build rate in company history. The market refuses to wait for Zedcor 
(ZDC) to report, which just raised money to increase its production of rentable AI monitored security 
cameras (it already boasts a growth rate in excess of 80%)—the stock dropped roughly 16% this 
month. Hammond Power (HPS.A) jumped 15% after reporting a record quarter and backlog owing to 
the ongoing shortage in custom power transformers but gave back the gains within days. 
The point is that we do not believe current geopolitical events will materially impact most of our 
holdings, which are largely domestic-only businesses. We have no consumer products (i.e. retail and 
restaurants) exposure and little exposure to AI-at-risk-enterprise software (although we are noting 
differentiated opportunities surfacing in this space). We are not attempting to be contrarian here; we 
are sticking with growing companies with earnings, visibility and backlogs—healthcare providers, 
electrical equipment, pharmaceuticals, financial technology—but as they say, “in a bear market, all 
correlations go to one”. But when too many companies fall because of “the market” at the same time 
it creates a different dynamic than when one or two are struggling and you can single them out 
based on a more specific company/industry narrative to push you temporarily to the sideline.  
INCOME FUND 
The Income Fund was stable but leaky, down just over 1% for the month. The decline was driven by 
mark-to-market leakage rather than any material deterioration in credit quality. Several homebuilder 
credits that carry a substantial margin of safety—in the form of developed and undeveloped property 
equating to roughly two times the face value of the debt—saw their quotes soften. One high-yielding 
 
 
cash-flow-positive issuer in the portfolio currently has more cash on hand than the market value of 
its outstanding debt. We expect that several energy bonds will accelerate their deleveraging in the 
current elevated commodity price environment and a significant allocation to EchoStar debt is 
backed by the spectrum it is selling to SpaceX. The fund yield is pushing towards 8%, everything is 
liquid, and every position is marked to market. 
Markets and single stock volatility has been tough to manage if one wants to be invested in good 
businesses vs trading “Truth Social” posts. Day-to-day, we are seeing multiple 5–8% single-stock 
moves in either direction, absent any company or even industry specific news. We do not want to 
catch a falling knife, but we are also hesitant to sell good companies doing well, with attractive 
valuations and visibility that will be largely unaffected by international events. Right now, we have a 
willingness to add selectively when the risk-reward becomes compelling. 
We reserve the right to change our mind! 
 
 
 
 
Brandon Osten, CFA 
CEO, Venator Capital Management Ltd. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This commentary is intended for informational purposes only and should not be construed as a solicitation for investment in a ny of the 
Venator Funds.  The Venator Hedge Funds may only be purchased by accredited investors with a medium-to-high risk tolerance seeking 
long-term capital gains.  Please read the Offering Memorandum for each Hedge Fund in full before making any investment decisions.  
Prospective investors should inform themselves as to the legal requirements for the purchase of securities.  All st ated Venator Hedge 
Fund returns are net of fees.  It is important to note that past performance should not be taken as an indicator of future performance .  
Commissions, trailing commissions, management fees and other expenses all may be associated with investing in any of the Vena tor 
Alternative Mutual Funds.   Please read the prospectus and Fund Facts relating to each Alternative Mutual Fund before investi ng.  The 
indicated rates of return of the Venator Alternative Mutual Funds are the historical annual compounded total returns, including changes 
in share or unit value and the reinvestment of all dividends or distributions, and do not take into account sales, redemption, distribution 
or optional charges or income taxes payable by any securityholder that would have reduced returns.  Mutual funds are not guaranteed, 
their values change frequently, and past performance may not be repeated.
