ACOF: Venezuela Update 
 
IC Members: Lee Robinson & Steffen Kastner 
 
IC Members: Lee Robinson & Steffen Kastner  
1  
 
5th January 2026 
 
 
 
Venezuela Update 
 
 
Happy New Year 
 
As you w ill all have seen, on 3 January, the US carried out a covert operation in Venezuela 
and captured President Maduro and his wife. Insiders aided this . The US has also 
demonstrated it has control over the sea and air in Venezuela. By design, the Venezuelan 
army is poorly organised to prevent a coup and is not currently offering resistance. The US 
administration claims that there are no “US boots” on the ground  post the strike over the 
weekend. 
 
Delcy Rodriguez [DR], Maduro’s former deputy and now President , had no choice but to 
accede to the US demands. No doubt , she and other members of the inner circle are 
scrambling for their lives, fearing they are next. When insiders betray  your president, you 
wonder if you are next. The actions and fate of two other key players and hardliners, Diosdado 
Cabello (Minister of Interior, Justice and Peace ) and Vladimir Padrino Lopez (Defence 
Minister), are significant developments to watch in the coming days.  
 
We note that, late Sunday, acting president Rodríguez asked the US to work with her country, 
striking a more conciliatory tone toward the Trump administration. Rodríguez extended an 
invitation to the US government to work together on a cooperation agenda, aimed at shared 
development, within the framework of i nternational law. For the time being , an increased 
police and military presence in the streets seems to be keeping the country in check with no 
public chaos or significant demonstrations. 
 
We believe that having an insider, such as DR, will make the transition smoother than the US 
appointing Gonzalez or Machado. Better they win their mandate in subsequent elections. 
 
What effect will this have on bond prices? 
 
1. The US is all in; they can’t go back. This is very positive for bond prices, as they have to 
make it work 
2. It appears to be a (relatively) bloodless coup d’etat. Again, this is v ery positive for 
bonds, as months of fighting between Chavista army groups and opposition  groups 
led by Machado would have been painful and disruptive 
 
 

ACOF: Venezuela Update 
 
IC Members: Lee Robinson & Steffen Kastner 
 
IC Members: Lee Robinson & Steffen Kastner  
2  
 
3. As we’ve always said, this intervention is more an economic decision than about drugs 
or politics. US firms will aim to capture  $3-4 trillion in revenues over the next 30-50 
years as Venezuela rebuilds towards its previous peak GDP of $480 billion and 
upwards 
4. Diosdado Cabello is the key strongman and controller of the drug gangs. He has to be 
removed, especially as he appears on the same US indictment as Maduro. There is a 
good chance that he will be captured as well or will flee to Cuba or elsewhere. Bonds 
will also rally on this, as it will show DR’s new government is in charge 
5. Cuba will fall without Venezuelan support. Bonds are likely a buy if you can find them 
 
Bonds are already up 25-30% to high 30’s/low 40’s. The timing of this couldn’t be better, given 
that it’s the start of the year and is likely to attract large emerging market inflows.  
 
The current talk from banks about low recovery is thoughtless. First, it assumes current GDP, 
whereas Venezuela will have a much higher GDP in five years and could pay back all  of its 
debt over a longer time frame. Secondly, a significant amount of the new money will come 
from US bondholders who won’t agree to new money without a good deal on the old bonds. 
This will likely involve oil or GDP-related warrants, which tend to trade better than straight 
debt. 
 
At 40 cents, bonds are pricing in just a 22% recovery. Including past-due interest, bonds are 
on average worth 182 cents. We expect an eventual restructuring of 80 cents, approximately 
half of the principal plus accrued interest.  
 
Clearly, a restructuring will take time , but with US backing and Maduro gone , we are at last 
into the endgame. A lot is happening, and we’ll update you with more information as matters 
become clearer. 
 
A great start to the year, and we wish you a prosperous 2026! 
 
 
For more information, please get in touch with investorservices@altanawealth.com 
 
This report was prepared by Altana Wealth Ltd (“Altana”), authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) 
in the United Kingdom (FRN: 532912). The investment products and services of Altana are only available to persons who are 
professional clients and eligible counterparties as defined in FCA’s rules. They are not available to retail clients. The distribution 
of this report may be restricted in certain jurisdictions and it is the responsibility of any person or persons in possession of this 
document to inform themselves of, and to observe, all applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction. CLICK HERE
