2001 Shawnee Mission Parkway 
Mission Woods, Kansas 66205 
              Phone: 913-951-2700 
April 23rd, 2026 
 
Dear Investor, 
Through April 22, Whetstone Capital, LP (“Whetstone” or the “Fund”) has gained 2.84% compared to 
the S&P 500’s return of 4.63%. If I were to sum up the year so far in one word, it would be 'volatility,' 
and the evolving narrative around Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) has been its primary source of fuel.  
Perceived 'AI Losers' - a category that currently encompasses most software application companies- 
suffer from investor apathy and severe valuation compression. Conversely, the 'AI Winners' continue 
to ride a wave of exuberance. While these diverging AI stories have been enough to destabilize the 
market on their own, they are not occurring in a vacuum. Geopolitical instability in the form of a new 
Middle Eastern conflict, coupled with the secondary shock of historically high oil prices, has only 
amplified the chaos making 2026 nothing if not a volatile year. 
While Fund performance trails the broader index, the headline numbers mask a key dispersion within 
the portfolio. Weakness has been broad-based across our software holdings like Health Catalyst 
(HCAT) and Toast (TOST), as well as fintech names like Pagaya (PGY) and Klarna (KLAR). Our 
"Left for Dead" ideas, such as Repay (RPAY) and OptimizeRx (OPRX), have also faced pressure. But 
on the positive side, three of our largest holdings- Cloudflare (NET), Google (GOOG), and Amazon 
(AMZN)- have all performed in-line with the market, despite periodically becoming susceptible to the 
above-mentioned volatility. Additionally, Dave (DAVE) has been a standout contributor to our results, 
outperforming nearly all of its fintech peers so far in 2026. In other words, the weakness in the 
headline Fund returns number is not an indicator of sluggishness across our entire portfolio so much as 
it is of the wide gulf between our contributors and our detractors. 
While the headline story of 2026 to-date is one of volatility and dispersion, the deeper narrative 
actually started in 2025. Our modest return as of today, is, thankfully, largely the result of which 
holdings we sold in the prior year that protected the portfolio from a much worse outcome. For an 
initial comparison, take the WisdomTree Cloud Computing Fund (WCLD). Fund returns were more 
closely correlated to this benchmark in years past, when it served as a bellwether for the “software is 
eating the world” narrative. But now, that narrative has shifted instead to “AI is eating software,” and 
WCLD is consequently down ~25% YTD after a ~7% decline in 2025.  Fortunately, both our holdings 
and our performance have somewhat decoupled from this index. 
Our decision to aggressively trim or exit many high-multiple software names throughout the last year 
is the primary cause of this decoupling. The table below illustrates these "dodged bullets" - Fund 
positions we previously held, the high point of our exposure to them, and the extent of their subsequent 
selloff after we exited. By rotating out of these names, we avoided the brunt of a sector-wide 
correction that has seen many software "darlings" fall 50% to 80% from their peak valuations. 
 
 
 
 
Company Max Fund Net Exposure Decline from Whetstone Exit* 
Monday.com 11.8% -56.1% 
Thryv Holdings 6.1% -75.2% 
Paycom Software 5.6% -42.4% 
Okta 5.2% -16.6% 
GitLab 4.8% -55.8% 
Nice 4.2% -36.6% 
Freshworks 3.9% -37.5% 
Five9 3.3% -28.1% 
NCR Voyix 2.6% -15.3% 
Dynatrace 2.1% -30.3% 
Fiverr 2.0% -68.4% 
Unisys 1.5% -42.8% 
Atlassian 1.5% -75.7% 
Definitive Healthcare 1.5% -60.7% 
Vertex 1.4% -53.2% 
*Price as of 4/23/2026 close, Whetstone exit price calculated as weighted average exit price 
Looking forward, we remain focused on our core high-conviction anchor holdings while also looking 
for new opportunities where the "AI Loser" narrative has gone way too far, creating an irrational 
dislocation in high-quality businesses. We are working hard to identify which software platforms are 
the most likely to not just survive but to thrive in an AI-first world. 
As always, please do not hesitate to contact me should you wish to discuss the portfolio in more detail. 
We are thankful for and humbled by your trust and confidence, which we are always striving to 
validate. 
 
 
Sincerely, 
 
 
 
David Atterbury 
Managing Partner 
Whetstone Capital Advisors 
datterbury@whetstone-capital.com 
913-713-6210 
 
Disclosures/Disclaimers 
This letter, performance update and background information (collectively, the “Performance Update”) of Whetstone Capital, LP (the 
“Fund”) is being furnished on a confidential basis to current investors in the Fund and a limited number of sophisticated investors for 
informational and discussion purposes only. This is not a recommendation to buy or sell any securities discussed herein. Any securities 
discussed herein are not a complete list of securities held by the Fund. This Performance Update must not be forwarded or distributed to 
any other person except with the prior written consent of Whetstone Capital Advisors, LLC (“WCA”). 
T
his is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any security or investment product. Any such offer or solicitation shall 
be made only pursuant to the confidential private placement memorandum (“Memorandum”) of the Fund. This Performance Update is 
qualified in its entirety by all of the information set forth in the Memorandum including, without limitation, all of the cau tionary 
statements set forth in the front of the Memorandum and the sections of the Memorandum entitled: “Certain Risk Factors" and 
"Conflicts of Interest”. The Memorandum and the Limited Partnership Agreement of the Fund must be read carefully in entirety prior to 
investing in the Fund. This Performance Update does not constitute a part of the Memorandum.  
P
erformance returns of the Fund include side pocket investments and reflect the reinvestment of distributions, dividends and other 
earnings, and, except as set forth below, are net of 1%/12.5% fees. For more information regarding investment advisory fees a nd 
expenses of the Fund, please refer to the "Key Facts" section of the Performance Update, the Memorandum and Part 2A of WCA's Form 
ADV. An investor's return on an investment in the Fund will be reduced by such fees and expenses.  
This Performance Update is prepared as of the end of the most recent month for which information is listed under the "Histori cal Net 
Performance" section and the information in it may have changed since such time. The Fund, WCA, and the Fund’s affiliates expressly 
disclaim any duty or obligation to update, revise, or supplement this Performance Update for any reason. Although WCA believe s this 
Performance Update to be accurate, no representations or warranties are made as to its completeness or accuracy.  
References in this presentation are made to indices, such as the S&P 500 and the HFRI Equity Hedge (Total) Index (HFRIEHI), f or 
comparative purposes only. The Fund is less diversified than such indices, and such indices reflect positions that are not wi thin the 
Fund’s investment strategy. Reference to an index does not imply that the Fund will achieve returns, volatility, or other results similar to 
the index. The total returns for an index do not reflect the deduction of any fees or expenses which, if applicable, would reduce returns 
and do reflect the reinvestment of distributions/dividends. 
R
eturns in the “Return Contribution” section are shown net of management fees, Fund level expenses, interest income/expense on 
broker balances, borrow costs, and other expenses that are not incurred at the security level, and are net of performance fees when Fund 
performance is such that incentive fees can be charged. When the Fund is both long and short an underlying issuer or has other 
exposure to the issuer, returns and exposures are typically shown on a net issuer-level basis. Return contribution, average exposure, 
implied return, exposure by sector, and theme are estimates of the weighted average holdings of the Fund and are the result of 
classifications, estimates and assumptions made in the sole judgment of WCA. 
G
raphs, charts and other similar devices are used in this Performance Update. These are inherently limited, difficult to use and cann ot 
be used in and of themselves to determine which securities to buy or sell, or when to buy or sell them. Investors must conduct their own 
analysis and make their own decisions concerning which securities to buy or sell and when to buy or sell them. 
R
ecipients of this Performance Update should bear in mind that past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results, and 
there can be no assurance that targeted or projected returns will be achieved, that the Fund will achieve comparable result s, or that the 
Fund will be able to implement its investment strategy and investment approach or achieve its investment objectives. While WCA 
believes that during the periods shown the Fund was managed with an investment philosophy and methodology similar to that described 
in the Fund’s offering materials and that will be used to manage the Fund in the future, future investments will be made under different 
economic conditions and in different securities and instruments. In addition, depending on conditions  and trends in securities markets 
and the economy generally, WCA may vary the Fund’s composition and exposure, and pursue any objectives, employ any techniques, or 
invest in any type of security that it considers appropriate and in the Fund’s best interests. Further, the performance shown in the 
Performance Update reflects investment of limited amounts for a limited period of time, and does not reflect performance in d ifferent 
economic cycles. Investors should not assume that their investments will be profitable or that they will experience returns in the future 
comparable to those set forth herein. 
T
his Performance Update may contain forward‐looking statements within the meaning of the United States federal securities laws. 
Forward‐looking statements are those that predict or describe future events or trends and that do not relate solely to historical mat ters. 
For example, forward‐looking statements may predict future economic performance, describe plans and objectives of management for 
future operations and make projections of revenue, investment returns or other financial items. A prospective investor can generally 
identify forward‐looking statements as statements containing the words “will,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “contemplate,” 
“estimate,” “assume” or other similar expressions. Such forward‐looking statements are inherently uncertain, because the matters they 
describe are subject to known (and unknown) risks, uncertainties and other unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond th e Fund’s 
control. No representations or warranties are made as to the accuracy of such forward‐looking statements.
