 10-K 1 sjt_10-k_2025-12-31.htm 10-K 10-K Table of Contents &#160; &#160; UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 &#160; &#160; Form 10-K &#160; &#9746; Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2025 or &#9744; Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File No. 001-08032 San Juan Basin Royalty Trust (Exact name of registrant as specified in the Amended and Restated San Juan Basin Royalty Trust Indenture) &#160; Texas 75-6279898 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) &#160; Argent Trust Company, Trustee 3838 Oak Lawn Ave. Suite 1720 Dallas, Texas 75219 (Address of principal executive offices) &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;(Zip Code) &#160; (866) 809-4553 (Registrant&#x2019;s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: &#160; Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Units SJT New York Stock Exchange &#160; Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes &#9744; No &#9745; Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes &#9744; No &#9745; Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes &#9745; No &#9744; Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes &#9744; No &#9744; Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#x201c;large accelerated filer,&#x201d; &#x201c;accelerated filer,&#x201d; &#x201c;smaller reporting company,&#x201d; and &#x201c;emerging growth company&#x201d; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer &#9744; Accelerated filer &#9744; Non-accelerated filer &#9745; Smaller reporting company &#9745; Emerging growth company &#9744; If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &#9744; Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management&#x2019;s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. &#9744; If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued statements. &#9744; Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant&#x2019;s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 240.10D-1(b). &#9744; Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes &#9744; No &#9745; Aggregate market value of the Units held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2025 (the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately $278,720,600 based on the closing price as quoted on the New York Stock Exchange. As of March 27, 2026, there were 46,608,796 Units of the registrant outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. &#160; &#160; &#160; Table of Contents &#160; &#160; GLOSSARY OF OIL AND NATURAL GAS TERMS i PART I 1 &#160; ITEM 1. BUSINESS 1 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 4 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 11 &#160; ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 11 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 12 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 20 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 20 PART II 21 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#x2019;S UNITS, RELATED UNIT HOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF UNITS 21 ITEM 6. RESERVED 21 ITEM 7. TRUSTEE&#x2019;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 21 &#160; ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 28 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 28 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 38 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 38 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 39 &#160; ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 39 PART III 39 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 39 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 39 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SECURITY HOLDER MATTERS 39 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 40 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 40 PART IV 41 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 41 &#160; Table of Contents &#160; Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains, and other materials filed or to be filed by the San Juan Basin Royalty Trust (the &#x201c;Trust&#x201d;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#x201c;SEC&#x201d;) (as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by the Trust) may contain or include forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the &#x201c;Exchange Act&#x201d;) and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the &#x201c;Securities Act&#x201d;). Such forward-looking statements may be or may concern, among other things, capital expenditures, drilling activity, development activities, production efforts and volumes, hydrocarbon prices, estimated future net revenues, estimates of reserves, the results of the Trust&#x2019;s activities, and regulatory matters. Such forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as &#x201c;may,&#x201d; &#x201c;will,&#x201d; &#x201c;estimate,&#x201d; &#x201c;expect,&#x201d; &#x201c;predict,&#x201d; &#x201c;project,&#x201d; &#x201c;anticipate,&#x201d; &#x201c;should,&#x201d; &#x201c;assume,&#x201d; &#x201c;believe,&#x201d; &#x201c;plan,&#x201d; &#x201c;intend,&#x201d; or other words that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Such statements are based on certain assumptions of Argent Trust Company (as the Trustee (as hereinafter defined)) and certain assumptions of information provided to the Trust by Hilcorp San Juan L.P. (&#x201c;Hilcorp&#x201d;), the owner of the Subject Interests (as defined herein). Such statements also are based on an assessment of, and are subject to, a variety of factors deemed relevant by the Trustee and Hilcorp that involve risks and uncertainties. However, whether actual results and developments will conform with such expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could affect the future results of the energy industry in general, and the Trust and Hilcorp in particular, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. The actual results or developments anticipated may not be realized or, even if substantially realized, they may not have the expected consequences to or effects on Hilcorp&#x2019;s business and the Trust. Such statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or developments may differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. The Trust undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. Hilcorp Information As a holder of a net overriding royalty interest, the Trust relies on Hilcorp for information regarding Hilcorp and its affiliates, the Subject Interests (as hereinafter defined), including the operations, acreage, well and completion count, working interests, production volumes, sales revenues, capital expenditures, operating expenses, reserves, drilling plans, drilling results and leasehold terms related to the Subject Interests, and factors and circumstances that have or may affect the foregoing. See Part II, Item 9A Controls and Procedures. &#160; Table of Contents &#160; GLOSSARY O F OIL AND NATURAL GAS TERMS The following defined terms, certain of which have been adopted by the SEC and the Financial Accounting Standards Board are used within this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Bbl : Barrel, generally 42 U.S. gallons measured at 60 degrees Fahrenheit. Btu : British thermal unit; the amount of heat necessary to raise the temperature of one pound of water one degree Fahrenheit. Coal Seam Well : A well completed to a coal deposit found to contain and emit natural gas. Conventional Well : A well completed to a formation historically found to contain deposits of oil or natural gas (for example, in the San Juan Basin, the Pictured Cliffs, Dakota and Mesaverde formations) and operated in the conventional manner. Developed Oil and Natural Gas Reserves : Reserves of any category that can be expected to be recovered (i) through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well; and (ii) through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well. See 17 CFR 210.4-10(a)(6). Distributable Income : An amount paid to Unit Holders equal to the Royalty Income received by the Trustee during a given period plus interest, less the expenses and payment of liabilities of the Trust, adjusted by any changes in cash reserves. Estimated future net revenues : Computed by applying current oil and natural gas prices (with consideration of price changes only to the extent provided by contractual arrangements and allowed by federal regulation) to estimated future production of proved oil and natural gas reserves as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented, less estimated future expenditures (based on current costs) to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. See 17 CFR 210.4-10(c)(4)(A). &#x201c;Estimated future net revenues&#x201d; are sometimes referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as &#x201c;estimated future net cash flows.&#x201d; GAAP : United States generally accepted accounting principles. Grantor Trust : A trust (or portion thereof) with respect to which the grantor or an assignee of the grantor, rather than the trust, is treated as the owner of the trust properties and is taxed directly on the trust income for federal income tax purposes under Sections 671 through 679 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Henry Hub : Henry Hub index. Lease Operating Expenses : Expenses incurred in the operation of a producing property as apportioned among the several parties in interest. Mcf : Thousand cubic feet. MMBtu : Million British thermal units. MMcf : Million cubic feet. Multiple Completion Well : A well which produces simultaneously, with or without separate tubing strings, from two or more producing horizons or alternatively from each. Net Overriding Royalty Interest : A share of gross production from a property, measured by net profits from operation of the property and carved out of the working interest, i.e., a net profits interest. Natural Gas Liquids (NGL) : Those hydrocarbons that are separated from the gas as liquids through the process of absorption, condensation, adsorption, or other methods in gas processing or cycling plants. Proved developed reserves : Proved natural gas and oil reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well. i Table of Contents &#160; Proved natural gas and oil reserves : Those quantities of oil and natural gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible &#x2014; from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations &#x2014; prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time. See 17 CFR 210.4-10(a)(22). Proved undeveloped reserves (PUDs) : Proved reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for well recompletion. Reserves on undrilled acreage shall be limited to those directly offsetting development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence using reliable technology exists that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances. Undrilled locations can be classified as having undeveloped reserves only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years unless specific circumstances justify a longer time. Under no circumstances shall estimates for proved undeveloped reserves be attributable to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery technique is contemplated, unless such techniques have been proved effective by actual projects in the same reservoir or an analogous reservoir, or by other evidence using reliable technology establishing reasonable certainty. Reasonable certainty : (i) If deterministic methods are used, reasonable certainty means a high degree of confidence that the quantities will be recovered or (ii) if probabilistic methods are used, there should be at least a 90% probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed the estimate. A high degree of confidence exists if the quantity is much more likely to be achieved than not, and as changes due to increased availability of geoscience (geological, geophysical, and geochemical), engineering, and economic data are made to estimated ultimate recovery (EUR) with time, reasonably certain EUR is much more likely to increase or remain constant than to decrease. See 17 CFR 210.4-10(a)(24). Recompleted Well : A well completed by drilling a separate well bore from an existing casing in order to reach the same reservoir or re-drilling the same well bore to reach a new reservoir. Reserves : Estimated remaining quantities of oil and natural gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application of development projects to known accumulations. In addition, there must exist, or there must be a reasonable expectation that there will exist, the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in the production, installed means of delivering oil and natural gas or related substances to market, and all permits and financing required to implement the project. See 17 CFR 210.4-10(a)(26). Undeveloped oil and natural gas reserves : Reserves of any category that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for well recompletion. See 17 CFR 210.4-10(a)(31). Working Interest : The operating interest under an oil and natural gas lease. ii Table of Contents &#160; PA RT I ITEM 1. BUS INESS The Trust is an express trust created under the laws of the State of Texas by the San Juan Basin Royalty Trust Indenture entered into on November 1, 1980, between Southland Royalty Company (&#x201c;Southland&#x201d;) and The Fort Worth National Bank. Effective as of September 30, 2002, the original indenture was amended and restated, and, effective as of December 12, 2007, the restated indenture was amended and restated (such amended and restated indenture, as further amended by the First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Royalty Trust Indenture dated February 15, 2024, the &#x201c;Indenture&#x201d;). As a result of a series of mergers and other transactions, PNC Bank, National Association (&#x201c;PNC Bank&#x201d;), served as the previous Trustee of the Trust from October 8, 2021, through February 14, 2024. Effective February 15, 2024, Argent Trust Company, a Tennessee chartered trust company (&#x201c;Argent&#x201d;), became the Trustee of the Trust. The principal office of the Trust is 3838 Oak Lawn Avenue, Suite 1720, Dallas, Texas 75219 (telephone number (866) 809-4553). Argent Trust Company, as successor trustee of the Trust, is subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture. The defined term &#x201c;Trustee&#x201d; as used herein shall refer to PNC Bank (which maintains its offices at 2200 Post Oak Blvd., Floor 18, Houston, TX 77056) for periods from October 8, 2021, until February 14, 2024, and shall refer to Argent Trust Company (which maintains its offices at 3838 Oak Lawn Ave, Suite 1720, Dallas, Texas 75219) for periods on and after February 15, 2024. Prior to February 15, 2024, PNC Bank served as Trustee of the Trust. Prior to October 8, 2021, other entities served as Trustee of the Trust. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 1. The defined term &#34;Trustee&#34; as used herein shall refer to PNC Bank for periods from October 8, 2021 through February 14, 2024, and shall refer to Argent Trust Company for periods on and after February 15, 2024. For all periods prior to October 8, 2021, use of the defined term &#x201c;Trustee&#x201d; herein shall refer to the entity serving as Trustee of the Trust during the applicable time period. The Conveyance and the Royalty Pursuant to the Net Overriding Royalty Conveyance (the &#x201c;Conveyance&#x201d;) effective November 1, 1980, Southland conveyed to the Trust a 75% net overriding royalty interest (the &#x201c;Royalty&#x201d;) that burdens certain of Southland&#x2019;s oil and natural gas interests (the &#x201c;Subject Interests&#x201d;) in properties located in the San Juan Basin of northwestern New Mexico (the &#x201c;San Juan Basin&#x201d;). Subsequent to the Conveyance of the Royalty, through a series of sales, assignments and mergers, Hilcorp became Southland&#x2019;s successor. Hilcorp acquired the Subject Interests from Burlington Resources Oil &amp; Gas Company LP (&#x201c;Burlington&#x201d;), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of ConocoPhillips, on July 31, 2017. The Royalty functions generally as a net profits interest. Under the terms of the Conveyance, the Trust receives royalty income (&#x201c;Royalty Income&#x201d;) equal to 75% of Net Proceeds attributable to the Subject Interests. The term &#x201c;Net Proceeds,&#x201d; as used in the Conveyance, means the excess of Gross Proceeds received by Hilcorp during a particular period over production costs for such period. &#x201c;Gross Proceeds&#x201d; means the amount received by Hilcorp (or any subsequent owner of the Subject Interests) from the sale of the production attributable to the Subject Interests, subject to certain adjustments (e.g., fuel, gathering, and transportation). &#x201c;Production costs&#x201d; generally means costs incurred on an accrual basis by Hilcorp in operating the Subject Interests, including both capital and non-capital costs. For example, these costs include development drilling, production and processing costs, applicable taxes and operating charges. However, Hilcorp informed the Trust that, for wells operated by Hilcorp, it generally did not intend to accrue lease operating expenses to the Trust. Where production costs exceed Gross Proceeds in any month, or over a period of time, the excess amounts are referred to as &#x201c;Excess Production Costs.&#x201d; Excess Production Costs are recovered out of future Gross Proceeds prior to the making of further payment to the Trust. The Trust is not otherwise liable for any Production Costs or other costs or liabilities attributable to the Subject Interests or the minerals produced therefrom. If at any time the Trust receives more than the amount due under the Royalty, it is not obligated to return such overpayment, but the amounts payable to it for any subsequent period are reduced by such amount, plus interest, at a rate specified in the Conveyance. The Royalty constitutes the principal asset of the Trust. The Trust&#x2019;s beneficial interest in the Royalty is divided into 46,608,796 units (the &#x201c;Units&#x201d;) representing undivided fractional interests in the beneficial interest of the Trust equal to the number of shares of the common stock of Southland outstanding as of the close of business on November 3, 1980. Each stockholder of Southland of record at the close of business on November 3, 1980, received one freely tradable Unit for each share of the common stock of Southland then held. Holders of Units are referred to herein as &#x201c;Unit Holders.&#x201d; As of December 31, 2025, 99.1% of the Trust&#x2019;s estimated proved reserves consisted of natural gas reserves, and 97.5% of the Gross Proceeds from the Subject Interests in 2025 were attributable to the production and sale of natural gas by Hilcorp as well as other proceeds. Accordingly, the market price for natural gas produced and sold from the San Juan Basin heavily influences the amount of Trust income available for distribution to the Unit Holders by the Trust and, by extension, the price of the Units. The market price paid for natural gas is seasonal because there is greater demand for natural gas used for heating purposes in the winter months and more energy requirements for air conditioning in the summer months than during the rest of the year. 1 Table of Contents &#160; The Trustee The primary function of the Trustee is to collect the Royalty Income, to pay all expenses and charges of the Trust and to distribute the remaining available income to the Unit Holders. The Trust received no Royalty Income from Hilcorp in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 and no distributions were made to Unit Holders. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, $6.9 million in Royalty Income was received from Hilcorp. After deducting administrative expenses and accounting for interest income and any change in cash reserves, the Trust distributed approximately $5.2 million in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. The Trust&#x2019;s corpus was approximately $2.3 million and $2.7 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Excess Production Costs of $491,938 gross ($368,954 net to the Trust) were incurred from January through March 2025. Net proceeds of $13,301,410 ($9,976,058 net to the Trust) were applied to the Excess Costs from April through December 2025, leaving the balance of Excess Production Costs to be recovered as of December 31, 2025 at $8,438,536 ($6,328,902 net to the Trust). Proceeds from production in the first month are generally received by Hilcorp in the second month, the Royalty Income is paid by Hilcorp to the Trustee in the third month, and distribution by the Trustee to the Unit Holders is made in the fourth month. Unit Holders of record as of the last business day of each month (the &#x201c;monthly record date&#x201d;) will be entitled to receive the calculated monthly distribution amount for such month on or before ten business days after the monthly record date. The amount of each monthly distribution will generally be determined and announced ten days before the monthly record date. The aggregate monthly distribution amount is the excess of (i) the Royalty Income paid to the Trustee, plus any decrease in cash reserves previously established for liabilities and contingencies of the Trust, over (ii) the expenses and payments of liabilities of the Trust, plus any net increase in cash reserves. The Trust has not made a distribution since April 2024 due to Hilcorp's significant increase in Production Costs and a decline in natural gas pricing. The Trustee is authorized to determine, in its discretion, the amount of cash reserves needed to cover liabilities and contingencies of the Trust. Prior to March 2024, the Trustee previously maintained a cash reserve in the amount of $1,000,000. However, to cover Trust Expenses during any period of revenue shortfall, which has resulted and could continue to result from lower commodity prices or increased capital expenditures under Hilcorp's 2024 and 2025 project plans for the Subject Interests, the Trustee increased the cash reserves in 2024, such that total cash reserves were $1,800,000 as of April 30, 2024. In each of the months from May 2024 through December 2025, the Trust did not receive any Royalty Income, and interest income received was insufficient to pay Trust liabilities. Due to these circumstances, the Trust used cash reserves to pay the Trust&#x2019;s liabilities that interest income did not cover from May 2024 through May 2025. From June through December 2025, cash reserves were used to pay interest on the Line of Credit (as defined below). As a result, cash reserves were $23,298 as of December 31, 2025. Prior to any distributions to Unitholders, the Trustee plans to replenish the cash reserves and continue to increase the cash reserves to at least $2,000,000. Cash being held by the Trustee as cash reserves or pending distribution may be placed, per the Trustee&#x2019;s discretion, in obligations issued by (or unconditionally guaranteed by) the United States or any agency thereof, repurchase agreements secured by obligations issued by the United States or any agency thereof, certificates of deposit of banks having capital, surplus and undivided profits in excess of $50.0 million or money market funds that have been rated at least AAm by Standard &amp; Poor&#x2019;s and at least Aa by Moody&#x2019;s, subject, in each case, to certain other qualifying conditions. Currently, such funds are placed in interest-bearing money market accounts The Trust is permitted to borrow funds against the Royalty to cover the Trust&#x2019;s operating expenses. On May 21, 2025, the Trust entered into a promissory note (the &#x201c;Note&#x201d;) to establish a line of credit (the &#x201c;Line of Credit&#x201d;) in the amount of $2,000,000 with Texas Bank, together with a mortgage to secure that Note. The Line of Credit bears interest at a rate of prime plus 1% per annum (8.5% at June 30, 2025) and matures on May 21, 2027. The Trust is required to make interest-only payments on the Note until May 21, 2027, at which time, the Trust will be required to also make monthly payments toward the principal. The Line of Credit is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Trust, including (a) all mineral interests owned by the Trust, (b) the oil, gas, and other minerals attributable to those mineral interests, (c) the personal property related to those mineral interests, and (d) the proceeds of the sale of the property described in (a) through (c), above. The agreement securing repayment of the Line of Credit contains customary covenants and events of default. The Line of Credit is intended to cover the Trust&#x2019;s administrative expenses until the Trust receives Royalty Income in amounts sufficient to (a) repay the balance of Excess Production Costs, (b) replenish a reserve in the amount of $2,000,000, and (c) repay the Note in full, after which time, the Trust will resume distributions to the holders of the Trust&#x2019;s Units of beneficial interest. The other powers and duties of the Trustee are set forth in the Indenture and include the prosecution and defense of claims by and against the Trust, the engagement of consultants and professionals and the payment of Trust liabilities. If the Trustee determines that the Trust does not have sufficient funds to pay its liabilities, the Trustee may borrow funds on behalf of the Trust, in which case no distributions will be made to Unit Holders until such borrowings are repaid in full. The Trust has not received Royalty Income since April 2024. The Conveyance provides that any Excess Production Costs applicable to the Subject Interests over the amount of Gross Proceeds from such properties must be recovered from future Net Proceeds before Royalty Income is again paid to the Trust. The balance of Excess Production Costs as of December 31, 2025 was $8,438,536 ($6,328,902 net to the Trust). As of March 20, 2026 the balance 2 Table of Contents &#160; of Excess Production Costs was $6,186,818 gross ($4,640,114 net to the Trust). The Trust&#x2019;s cash reserves will likely be depleted before such time as the Excess Production Costs are recovered, and the Trust begins receiving Royalty Income. The Trustee will continue to draw against the Line of Credit at Texas Bank to pay the Trust&#x2019;s administrative expenses until such time as the Excess Production Costs are repaid, and the Trust begins receiving Royalty Income again. After receiving Hilcorp&#x2019;s budget for capital projects in 2026, the Trustee is evaluating options should the Trust not receive sufficient Royalty Income before interest plus principal payments become due under the Trust&#x2019;s Line of Credit in May 2027. The Trustee may not sell or dispose of any part of the assets of the Trust without the affirmative vote from the Unit Holders of 75% of all of the Units outstanding; however, the Trustee may sell up to 1% of the value of the Royalty (as determined pursuant to the Indenture) during any 12-month period without the consent of the Unit Holders if it determines such a sale is in the best interest of the Unit Holders. The Trust does not operate the Subject Interests and is not empowered to carry on any business activity. The Trust has no employees, officers, or directors. All administrative functions of the Trust are performed by the Trustee. Under the Indenture, the Trustee may act in its discretion in carrying out its powers and performing its duties and is liable only for fraud or for acts and omissions in bad faith. The Trustee is not liable for any act or omission of its agents or employees unless the Trustee acted in bad faith in its selection and retention of such agents or employees. The Indenture provides that the Trustee and its officers, agents and employees must be indemnified and receive reimbursement of expenses from the assets of the Trust for liabilities and claims incurred in the administration of the Trust, except for liabilities and claims arising from the Trustee&#x2019;s fraud or bad faith. Because the Trust has no employees, directors, or executive officers, it does not have a business need to focus on its human capital resources. Successor Trustee A Special Meeting of the Unit Holders was held on December 1, 2023 (the &#x201c;December Special Meeting&#x201d;), where Unit Holders were asked (1) to approve the appointment of Argent Trust Company as successor trustee of the Trust, (2) to approve an amendment to the Indenture to permit a bank or trust company with capital, surplus and undivided profits (as of the end of its last fiscal year prior to its appointment) of at least $15,000,000 to serve as successor trustee of the Trust, (3) to approve an amendment to the Indenture that would clarify the word &#x201c;Trustee&#x201d; to include former trustees of the Trust for indemnification purposes, and (4) to approve an adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate to permit solicitation of additional proxies in favor of the above proposals (collectively, the &#x201c;Proposals). The Trust issued a press release on December 1, 2023, announcing the December Special Meeting was adjourned to permit the solicitation of additional proxies in favor of proposals (1) through (4) above, as described in the Trust&#x2019;s definitive proxy statement filed by the Trust with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 2, 2023 (the &#x201c;Proxy Statement&#x201d;). The Trust again held a special meeting of its Unit Holders on January 16, 2024 (the &#x201c;January Special Meeting&#x201d;) where the Unit Holders of the Trust voted to approve the proposals set forth in the Trust&#x2019;s Proxy Statement, including the appointment of Argent Trust Company as successor trustee of the Trust, following the effective date of PNC Bank&#x2019;s resignation. Following approval by the Trust&#x2019;s Unit Holders at the January Special Meeting, the Trust entered into the First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Royalty Trust Indenture of San Juan Basin Royalty Trust to clarify the word &#x201c;Trustee&#x201d; as used in the Indenture, would include former trustees of the Trust for indemnification purposes and to permit a bank or trust company with capital, surplus and undivided profits of at least $15,000,000 to serve as successor trustee of the Trust. The effective date of PNC Bank&#x2019;s resignation as Trustee and the effective date of Argent Trust Company&#x2019;s appointment as successor Trustee was February 15, 2024. Duration of the Trust The Trust will terminate if (a) its gross revenue for each of two successive years is less than $1.0 million per year or, if earlier, (b) the Unit Holders of at least 75% of all the Units outstanding vote in favor of termination. Upon termination of the Trust, the Trustee must sell the Royalty and distribute the proceeds to Unit Holders after satisfying or establishing reserves to satisfy the liabilities of the Trust. The Trustee continues to monitor the facts and circumstances and to review and consider available information regarding the two horizontal wells drilled by Hilcorp in the Mancos formation in 2024, as well as new and future horizontal wells to be drilled by Hilcorp. These horizontal wells have resulted, and will continue to result in extraordinary Excess Production Costs. The term &#x201c;gross revenue&#x201d; is not defined in the Conveyance or the Indenture. As such, the term could be interpreted in different ways. One interpretation is that the term &#x201c;gross revenue&#x201d; is synonymous with the term &#x201c;Gross Proceeds&#x201d; as defined in Section 1.07 of the Conveyance, and refers to the gross proceeds from the production and sale of minerals from the properties burdened by the Trust. The Trustee believes this interpretation furthers the purpose of the Trust set forth in 2.02(a)(1) of the Conveyance, which is to convert Royalties to cash by &#x201c;collecting the proceeds from production until production has ceased or the Royalties have otherwise terminated.&#x201d; Therefore, despite the fact that the Excess Production Costs have prevented, and will continue to prevent the Trust from receiving Royalty Income for an 3 Table of Contents &#160; unknown period of time, the Trustee knows of no circumstances to suggest that less than $1.0 million per year in Gross Proceeds from the production and sale of minerals from the underlying properties will be generated any time in the near future. It is likely, but not certain, that the Excess Production Costs will be recovered, and the Trust will again receive Royalty Income before the minerals from the underlying properties are depleted. Based on this interpretation of the meaning of the term &#x201c;gross revenue&#x201d;, there was gross revenue of $48,896,125 in 2024 and $73,576,384 in 2025. Hilcorp The sale of San Juan Basin assets from Burlington to Hilcorp closed on July 31, 2017. Hilcorp is the operator of the majority of the Subject Interests, and as a result, Hilcorp&#x2019;s actions could have a material impact on the results of operations and Hilcorp could have interests that conflict with the interests of the Trust and the Unit Holders. The Subject Interests that are not operated by Hilcorp are operated by other operators, some of which may be affiliated with Hilcorp. As an operator, Hilcorp has the obligation under the Conveyance to conduct its operations in accordance with reasonable and prudent business judgment and good oil and natural gas field practices. The development of the Subject Interests is conducted pursuant to operating and similar agreements to which the Trust is not a party and under which the Trust has no control or other rights to determine the location, timing and other key aspects of development and maintenance that may materially impact results of operations. Neither the Trustee nor the Unit Holders can influence or control the operation or future development of the Subject Interests. Hilcorp&#x2019;s interests may conflict with those of the Trust and the Unit Holders in situations involving the development, maintenance, operation, or abandonment of the Subject Interests. Hilcorp has the right to abandon any well when, in its opinion, such well ceases to produce or is not capable of producing oil and natural gas in paying quantities, even though such well is still generating revenue for the Unit Holders. Hilcorp reserves the right to not participate in operations on the Subject Interests when it has a right to do so under the applicable operating or similar agreement. Hilcorp may make decisions with respect to expenditures and decisions to allocate resources to projects in other areas that adversely affect the Subject Interests, including reducing expenditures on these properties, which could cause oil and natural gas production to decline at a faster rate and thereby result in lower cash distributions by the Trust in the future. In addition, Hilcorp is not obligated to the Trust to maintain any particular types or amounts of insurance, and insurance may not be commercially available at adequate levels to cover its operational hazards at all times during the life of the Trust. If a well is damaged, Hilcorp would have no obligation to drill a replacement well or otherwise compensate the Trust for the loss. The Trust does not have insurance or indemnification to protect against losses or delays in receiving proceeds from such events. Hilcorp is responsible, subject to the terms of an agreement with the Trust, for marketing the production from such properties, either under existing sales contracts or under future arrangements, at the best prices and on the best terms it shall deem reasonably obtainable in the circumstances. Additionally, Hilcorp is obligated under the Conveyance to maintain books and records sufficient to determine the amounts payable to the Trustee. Additional Information T he principal office of the Trust is located at 3838 Oak Lawn Avenue, Suite 1720, Dallas, TX 75219 (toll-free telephone number 855-588-7839). The Trust makes available (free of charge) its annual, quarterly, and current reports (and any amendments thereto) filed with the SEC through its website at www.sjbrt.com as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing such material with or to the SEC. The Trust&#x2019;s materials filed with the SEC are available at the SEC&#x2019;s internet site, www.sec.gov . This site contains reports and, as applicable, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding the Trust and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The Trust is a widely held fixed investment trust (&#x201c;WHFIT&#x201d;) classified as a non-mortgage widely held fixed investment trust (&#x201c;NMWHFIT&#x201d;) for federal income tax purposes. The Trustee, 3838 Oak Lawn Avenue, Suite 1720, Dallas, TX 75219 (toll-free telephone number 855-588-7839, email address: trustee@sjbrt.com), is the representative of the Trust that will provide tax information in accordance with the applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations governing the information reporting requirements of the Trust as a WHFIT and a NMWHFIT. The tax information is generally posted by the Trustee on the Trust&#x2019;s website: www.sjbrt.com . ITEM 1A. RIS K FACTORS Although risk factors are described throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following is a summary of the principal risks associated with an investment in Units of the Trust. BUSINESS AND OPERATING RISKS Oil and gas prices fluctuate due to a number of factors, and lower prices will reduce net proceeds to the Trust and distributions to Unit Holders. 4 Table of Contents &#160; The Trust&#x2019;s monthly distributions are highly dependent upon the prices realized from the sale of gas and, to a lesser extent, oil. Oil and gas prices can fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors that are beyond the control of the Trust and Hilcorp. Factors that contribute to price fluctuation include, among others: &#x2022; worldwide and regional economic conditions impacting the global supply of and demand for oil and natural gas; &#x2022; the price and quantity of foreign imports and U.S. exports of oil and natural gas; &#x2022; political conditions in major oil producing regions, especially in the Middle East and Russia, including the conflicts in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, and South America; &#x2022; the effects of armed conflict throughout the world on global oil and gas producing regions, countries, sea lanes, thoroughfares and the oil and gas markets; &#x2022; expectations about future prices of, or the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas; &#x2022; public health concerns, such as COVID-19; &#x2022; technological advances affecting energy consumption, energy storage and energy supply; &#x2022; the price and availability of and purchaser or consumer preference for alternative fuels; &#x2022; the proximity, capacity, cost and availability of gathering, processing and transportation facilities; &#x2022; U.S. federal, state and local governmental regulation and taxation; &#x2022; government regulations, such as regulation of natural gas transportation and price controls; &#x2022; trade barriers and tariffs; &#x2022; energy conservation and environmental measures; and &#x2022; acts of force majeure. Lower oil and gas prices may reduce the amount of oil and gas that is economic to produce and reduce Net Proceeds to the Trust. The volatility of energy prices reduces the predictability of future cash distributions to Unit Holders. Trust reserve estimates depend on many assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate, which could cause both estimated reserves and estimated future revenues to be too high. The value of the Units of the Trust depends upon, among other things, the amount of reserves attributable to the Royalty and the estimated future value of the reserves. Estimating reserves is inherently uncertain. Ultimately, actual production, revenues and expenditures for the properties underlying the Subject Interests will vary from estimates and those variations could be material. Petroleum engineers consider many factors and make assumptions in estimating reserves. Those factors and assumptions may include: &#x2022; historical production from the area compared with production rates from similar producing areas; &#x2022; the assumed effect of governmental regulation; and &#x2022; assumptions about future commodity price adjustments, production and development costs, severance and excise taxes, and capital expenditures. Changes in these assumptions can materially change reserve estimates. The reserve data included herein are estimates only and are subject to many uncertainties. Actual quantities of oil and natural gas may differ considerably from the amounts set forth herein. In addition, different reserve engineers may make different estimates of reserve quantities and cash flows based upon the same available data. Operating risks for Hilcorp and other operators of the properties underlying the Subject Interests can adversely affect Trust distributions. Royalty Income payable to the Trust is derived from the sale of natural gas and oil production following the gathering and processing of those minerals. These operations are subject to risk inherent in such activities, such as blowouts, cratering, explosions, uncontrollable flows of oil, gas or well fluids, fires, pollution and other environmental risks and litigation concerning routine and extraordinary business activities and events. These risks could result in substantial losses which are deducted in calculating the net proceeds paid to the Trust due to injury and loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, pollution and other environmental damage and suspension of operations. 5 Table of Contents &#160; Pandemics and other public health concerns, including a COVID-19 pandemic resurgence or emergence of new COVID-19 variants, are possible and could adversely affect global demand for oil and gas, the operators of the properties underlying the Subject Interests, the Royalty and the cash available for distribution to Unit Holders. It is not possible to predict the impact a resurgence of COVID-19, the emergence of new strains or variants of COVID-19, or the occurrence of other pandemics or public health concerns may have on global demand for oil and gas. If prices are negatively impacted in the future, it is possible Hilcorp or any third-party operator of the properties underlying the Subject Interests could shut in or curtail production from wells on the properties underlying the Subject Interests or plug and abandon marginal wells that otherwise may have been allowed to continue to produce for a longer period under conditions of higher prices, without the consent of the Trust or the Trust Unit Holders. Substantial declines in and extended periods of decreased economic activity and depressed oil and natural gas prices have previously resulted in and may in future periods result in reductions in the amount of oil and natural gas that is economic to produce from the properties underlying the Subject Interests, reduced net proceeds to which the Trust is entitled, and elimination of cash available for distribution to Trust Unit Holders for an unknown period of time. To the extent COVID-19, other health concerns, or mitigation efforts related thereto adversely affect production from the properties underlying the Subject Interests or the business, results of operations and financial condition of the operators of the properties underlying the Subject Interests, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Form 10-K. A bankruptcy of Hilcorp or any third-party operator could adversely affect the operation of the wells and the development of the proved undeveloped reserves and interrupt or decrease distributions to Trust Unit Holders. The value of the Royalty and the Trust&#x2019;s ultimate cash available for distribution are highly dependent on Hilcorp&#x2019;s financial condition. The bankruptcy of Hilcorp or any third-party operator of the properties underlying the Subject Interests could impede the operation of the wells and the development of the proved undeveloped reserves and decrease distributions to the Trust Unit Holders. The ability to develop and operate the properties underlying the Subject Interests depends on Hilcorp&#x2019;s future financial condition and economic performance and access to capital, which in turn will depend upon the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas, prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of Hilcorp. Further, Hilcorp is not a reporting company and is not required to file periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act. Therefore, Trust Unit Holders do not have access to financial information about Hilcorp. The Units may lose value and cash available for distribution may be reduced as a result of title deficiencies with respect to the Royalty Properties. The existence of a title deficiency with respect to any of the Royalty Properties could reduce the value or render a property worthless, thus adversely affecting the distributions to unitholders. An operator&#x2019;s inability or failure to cure title defects could cause the operator to lose its rights to some or all production from some of the Royalty Properties, which could result in a reduction in proceeds available for distribution to Unit holders and the value of the Units may be reduced. Hilcorp or any third-party operator may abandon property underlying the Subject Interests, thereby terminating the related Royalty payable to the Trust that is attributable to the abandoned property. Hilcorp or any third-party operator of the Underlying Properties could determine during periods of low commodity prices to shut in or curtail production from wells on the properties underlying the Subject Interests or plug and abandon marginal wells that otherwise may have been allowed to continue to produce for a longer period under conditions of higher prices. Hilcorp or any other operator may abandon any well or property without the consent of the Trust or the Trust unitholders if it reasonably believes that the well or property can no longer produce oil or natural gas in commercially paying quantities. This could result in termination of the Royalty relating to the abandoned well or property. The properties underlying the Subject Interests are sensitive to decreasing commodity prices. The commodity price sensitivity is due to a variety of factors that vary from well to well, including the costs associated with water handling and disposal, chemicals, surface equipment maintenance, downhole casing repairs and reservoir pressure maintenance activities that are necessary to maintain production. As a result, the volatility of commodity prices may cause the expenses of certain wells to exceed the well&#x2019;s revenue. If this scenario occurs, Hilcorp or any third-party operator may decide to shut-in the well or plug and abandon the well. This could reduce future cash distributions to Trust Unit Holders. FINANCIAL RISKS Mineral properties, such as the properties underlying the Subject Interests, are depleting assets and, if Hilcorp or other operators of the properties underlying the Subject Interests do not perform additional development projects, the assets may deplete faster than expected. 6 Table of Contents &#160; The Royalty Income payable to the Trust is derived from the sale of depleting assets. Accordingly, the portion of the distributions to Unit Holders (to the extent of depletion taken) may be considered a return of capital. The reduction in proved reserve quantities is a common measure of depletion. Future maintenance and development projects on the properties underlying the Subject Interests will affect the quantity of proved reserves. The timing and size of these projects will depend primarily on the market prices of natural gas. If Hilcorp does not implement additional maintenance and development projects, the future rate of production decline of proved reserves may be higher than the rate currently expected by the Trust. Increased costs of production and development will result in decreased Trust distributions. Production and development costs attributable to the properties underlying the Subject Interests are deducted in the calculation of net proceeds. Accordingly, higher production and development costs, without concurrent increases in revenues, decrease the share of net proceeds paid to the Trust as Royalty Income. If development and production costs of the properties underlying the Subject Interests exceed the proceeds of production from the properties underlying the Subject Interests (&#34;Excess Production Costs&#34;), such Excess Production Costs are carried forward and the Trust will not receive a share of net proceeds for the properties underlying the Subject Interests until future net proceeds from production from such properties exceed the total of the Excess Production Costs. Development activities may not generate sufficient additional revenue to repay the costs; however, the Trust is not obligated to repay the Excess Production Costs except through future production. War, military invasions, terrorism and continued geopolitical hostilities could adversely affect the Trust&#x2019;s distributions to its Unit Holders or the market price of its Units. The outbreak of war, military invasions, terrorist attacks and the threat of such violence, whether domestic or foreign, as well as military or other actions taken in response to such attacks or threats, could cause instability in the global financial, oil and natural gas markets. Such geopolitical hostilities could adversely affect the Trust&#x2019;s distributions to its Unit Holders or the market price of its Units in unpredictable ways, including through the disruption of oil and natural gas supplies and markets, increased volatility in oil and natural gas prices, or the possibility that the infrastructure on which the operators of the properties underlying the Subject Interests rely could be a direct target or an indirect casualty of such violence. RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF THE TRUST The Royalty can be sold and the Trust can be terminated in certain circumstances. The Trust will be terminated and the Trustee must sell the Royalty if holders of at least 75% of the Units approve the sale or vote to terminate the Trust, or if the Trust&#x2019;s gross revenue for each of two successive years is less than $1,000,000 per year. Following any such termination and liquidation, the net proceeds of any sale will be distributed to the Unit Holders and Unit Holders will receive no further distributions from the Trust. The Trustee cannot provide assurances that any such sale will be on terms acceptable to all Unit Holders. The Trustee cannot provide assurances the Trust will receive Royalty Income in 2026 as the Trust must first extinguish the balance of Excess Production Costs associated with Hilcorp&#x2019;s drilling of two horizontal wells during 2024. As of March 20, 2026 the balance of Excess Production Costs was $6,186,818 gross ($4,640,114 net to the Trust), and the Trust will not receive Royalty Income until the balance of Excess Production Costs (net to the Trust) is paid in full. None of the Trustee, the Trust nor the Unit Holders control the operation or development of the properties underlying the Subject Interests. Neither the Trustee nor the Unit Holders can influence or control the operation or future development of the properties underlying the Subject Interests. The properties underlying the Subject Interests are owned by Hilcorp and Hilcorp operates the majority of such properties and handles the calculation of the net proceeds attributable to the Royalty and the payment of Royalty Income to the Trust. Unit Holders have limited voting rights. Voting rights as a Unit Holder are more limited than those of stockholders of most public corporations. For example, there is no requirement for annual meetings of Unit Holders or for an annual or other periodic re-election of the Trustee. Unlike corporations, which are generally governed by boards of directors elected by their equity holders, the Trust is administered by a corporate trustee in accordance with the Indenture and other organizational documents. The Trustee has extremely limited discretion in its administration of the Trust. RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF THE TRUST UNITS 7 Table of Contents &#160; If the Trust cannot meet the New York Stock Exchange continued listing requirements, the NYSE may delist the Trust Units. Under the continued listing requirements of the NYSE, a company will be considered to be out of compliance with the exchange&#x2019;s minimum price requirement if the company&#x2019;s average closing price over a consecutive 30 trading day period (&#x201c;Average Closing Price&#x201d;) is less than $1.00 (the &#x201c;Minimum Price Requirement&#x201d;). Under NYSE rules, a company that is out of compliance with the Minimum Price Requirement has a cure period of six months to regain compliance if it notifies the NYSE within 10 business days of receiving a deficiency notice of its intention to cure the deficiency. A company may regain compliance if on the last trading day of any calendar month during the cure period the company has a closing share price of at least $1.00 and an average closing share price of at least $1.00 over the 30-trading-day period ending on the last trading day of that month. If at the expiration of the cure period, both a $1.00 closing share price on the last trading day of the cure period and a $1.00 average closing share price over the 30-trading-day period ending on the last trading day of the cure period are not attained, the NYSE will commence suspension and delisting procedures. If delisted by the NYSE, a company&#x2019;s shares may be transferred to the over-the-counter (&#x201c;OTC&#x201d;) market, a significantly more limited market than the NYSE, which could affect the market price, trading volume, liquidity and resale price of such shares. Securities that trade on the OTC markets also typically experience more volatility compared to securities that trade on a national securities exchange. During the cure period, the company&#x2019;s shares would continue to trade on the NYSE, subject to compliance with other continued listing requirements. The market price for the Trust Units may not reflect the value of the Royalty held by the Trust. The trading price for publicly traded securities similar to the Trust Units tends to be tied to recent and expected levels of cash distributions as well as oil and natural gas prices. The amounts available for distribution by the Trust vary in response to numerous factors outside the control of the Trust, including prevailing prices for sales of oil and natural gas production from the properties underlying the Subject Interests and the timing and amount of direct operating expenses and development expenses. Consequently, the market price for the Trust Units may not necessarily be indicative of the value that the Trust would realize if it sold the Royalty to a third-party buyer. In addition, such market price may not necessarily reflect the fact that, since the assets of the Trust are depleting assets, a portion of each cash distribution paid with respect to the Trust Units should be considered by investors as a return of capital, with the remainder being considered as a return on investment. As a result, distributions made to a Trust Unit Holder over the life of these depleting assets may not equal or exceed the purchase price paid by the Trust Unit Holder. The limited liability of Trust Unit Holders is uncertain. The Trust Unit Holders are not protected from the liabilities of the Trust to the same extent that a shareholder would be protected from a corporation&#x2019;s liabilities. The structure of the Trust does not include the interposition of a limited liability entity such as a corporation or limited partnership which would provide further limited liability protection to Trust Unit Holders. While the Trustee is liable for any excess liabilities incurred if the Trustee fails to ensure that such liabilities are to be satisfied only out of Trust assets, under the laws of Texas, which are unsettled on this point, a Unit Holder may be jointly and severally liable for any liability of the Trust if the satisfaction of such liability was not contractually limited to the assets of the Trust and the assets of the Trust and the Trustee are not adequate to satisfy such liability. As a result, Trust Unit Holders may be exposed to personal liability. Financial information of the Trust is not prepared in accordance with GAAP. The financial statements of the Trust are prepared on a modified cash basis of accounting, which is a comprehensive basis of accounting other than accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. Although this basis of accounting is permitted for royalty trusts by the SEC, the financial statements of the Trust differ from GAAP financial statements because revenues are not accrued in the month of production and cash reserves may be established for specified contingencies and deducted which could not be recorded in GAAP financial statements. LEGAL, ENVIRONMENTAL, AND REGULATORY RISKS The operators of the properties underlying the Subject Interests are subject to extensive governmental regulation. Oil and gas operations have been, and in the future will be, affected by federal, state and local laws and regulations and other political developments, such as price or gathering rate controls and environmental protection regulations. Also, climate change laws and regulations may, in the future, have an increasing impact on oil and natural gas production, gathering, marketing and transportation. Government action, policies or regulations designed to discourage production, reduce demand for, or promote alternatives to oil and natural gas could impact the price of oil and natural gas produced on the properties underlying the Trust&#x2019;s Subject Interests, directly as intended or through unintended consequences. Governments around the world are considering actions intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by decreasing both the supply of and the demand for oil and natural gas products or the promotion of alternative energy sources. These include the adoption of cap 8 Table of Contents &#160; and trade regimes, carbon taxes, trade tariffs, minimum renewable usage requirements, restrictive permitting, increased mileage and other efficiency standards, mandates for sales of electric vehicles, mandates for use of specific fuels or technologies, and other incentives or mandates designed to support transitioning to lower-emission energy sources. Political and other actors and their agents also increasingly seek to advance climate change objectives indirectly, such as by seeking to reduce the availability or increase the cost of financing and investment in the oil and gas sector. In addition, climate change is the subject of an important public policy debate and the basis for new legislation proposed by the United States Congress and certain states. The United States, depending on which President has been in office, has participated (during the Biden administration) or not (during the two Trump administrations) in the Paris Climate Accord, a voluntary international agreement with the goal of limiting global climate change to not more than 2 degrees Celsius (or less); preparing, maintaining and publishing national greenhouse gas (&#x201c;GHG&#x201d;) reduction targets; and announcing a plan to achieve net-zero emissions from overall federal operations by 2050. The Biden administration had also set ambitious domestic targets for curbing climate change, such as making the U.S. power sector carbon-neutral by 2035. While changes in U.S. presidential administrations could increase or lessen the relative impacts of climate policies and regulations on the oil and natural gas industry, the adoption and implementation of any international, federal, or state GHG-emission reduction commitments, legislation, or regulations or other restrictions or imposition of taxes, fees, or limits on emissions of GHGs could result in increased development, operation, and compliance costs, additional operating restrictions on the Underlying Properties, and additional regulatory burdens, and thus decrease revenue to the Trust. Trump&#x2019;s policy on oil and gas leasing on federal land is centered on &#x201c;energy dominance,&#x201d; aimed at maximizing domestic fossil fuel production by aggressively expanding lease sales and reducing regulatory barriers. Hilcorp has informed the Trust that it does not believe that actions undertaken by President Biden&#x2019;s administration to curtail future leases for natural gas and oil drilling on federally owned land will impact the Subject Interests because, in addition to being undercut by President Trump&#x2019;s actions, at the present time, they do not impact current leases. The Biden administration announced in September 2023 that it has moved to shut down future development of oil, gas and mining activity on approximately 4,200 acres in Sandoval County, New Mexico for the next 50 years. On April 18, 2024, Deb Haaland, Secretary of the Interior, issued Public Land Order 7940, protecting this acreage. As of late 2025, the Trump administration has taken steps to accelerate oil and gas development in New Mexico, directly impacting Sandoval County by moving to revoke a 20-year ban on drilling near Chaco Culture National Historical Park. This action reverses protections enacted by the Biden administration in 2023, which had established a 10-mile buffer zone around the historic site, part of which lies in Sandoval County. Hilcorp has informed the Trust that the proposed tracts are not within the production area of the Subject Interests or part of any future proposed development plans. Depending on how policies are formulated and applied, such policies could impact the ability and costs of the operators of the properties underlying the Trust&#x2019;s Subject Interest to supply products, demand for their products, or the competitiveness of hydrocarbon-based products, which in turn, could reduce net proceeds to the Trust. Any policy that increases the costs for operators of the properties underlying the Subject Interests or decreased market prices could have a material impact on the distributable income of the Trust. Federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could result in Hilcorp incurring increased costs, additional operating restrictions or delays and fewer potential drilling locations. In recent years there has been increased public concern regarding an alleged potential for hydraulic fracturing to adversely affect drinking water supplies and to induce seismic events. As a result, from time to time, legislation has been introduced, but not enacted, in Congress to provide for federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing and to require disclosure of the chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process. In the event that new federal restrictions relating to the hydraulic fracturing process are adopted in areas where the properties underlying the Subject Interests are located, Hilcorp and outside operators may incur additional costs or permitting requirements to comply with such federal requirements that may be significant and that could result in added delays or curtailment in the pursuit of exploration, development or production activities, which would in turn reduce the oil and natural gas produced from the properties underlying the Subject Interests. Increased regulation and attention given to the hydraulic fracturing process could lead to greater opposition to, and litigation concerning, oil and natural gas production activities using hydraulic fracturing techniques. Additional legislation or regulation could also lead to operational delays or increased operating costs for operators in the production of oil and natural, including from the developing shale plays, or could make it more difficult for Hilcorp and outside operators to perform hydraulic fracturing. Although the Trump administration is promoting hydraulic fracturing and expanding oil and gas drilling on federal lands, the adoption of any federal, state or local laws or the implementation of regulations regarding hydraulic fracturing could potentially cause a decrease in Hilcorp&#x2019;s completion of new oil and natural gas wells on the properties underlying the Subject Interests and an associated decrease in the cash distributable to Trust Unit Holders. 9 Table of Contents &#160; CYBERSECURITY RISKS The Trustee may be subject to attempted cybersecurity disruptions from a variety of sources. The Trustee maintains robust cybersecurity protocols including, but not limited to technological capabilities that prevent and detect disruptions; computer workstations and programs protected with passwords and passphrases, as well as employee training throughout the year on cybersecurity followed up by testing of that knowledge. Other, non-technical protocols include securing of documents and work areas that could contain personal, non-public information and independent verification of information changes by outside vendors. If the measures taken to protect against cybersecurity disruptions prove to be insufficient or if proprietary data is otherwise not protected, the Trustee could be adversely affected. The Trust is also exposed to potential harm from cybersecurity events that may affect the operations of third parties, including suppliers, service providers (including providers of cloud-hosting services for data or applications), and customers. Cybersecurity disruptions could cause physical harm to people or the environment, damage or destroy assets; compromise business systems; result in proprietary information being altered, lost, or stolen; result in employee, customer, or third-party information being compromised; or otherwise disrupt business operations. The Trust could incur significant costs to remedy the effects of a major cybersecurity disruption in addition to costs in connection with resulting regulatory actions, litigations, or reputational harm. TAX RISKS RELATED TO THE TRUST UNITS Trust Unit Holders are required to pay U.S. federal income taxes on their share of the Trust&#x2019;s income, even if they do not receive any cash distributions from the Trust. Trust Unit Holders are treated as if they own the Trust&#x2019;s assets and receive the Trust&#x2019;s income and are directly taxable thereon as though the Trust were not in existence. Because the Trust generates taxable income that can be different in amount than the cash the Trust distributes, Trust Unit Holders are required to pay any U.S. federal income taxes and, in some cases, state and local income taxes, on their share of the Trust&#x2019;s taxable income even if they receive no cash distributions from the Trust. Trust Unit Holders may not receive cash distributions from the Trust equal to their share of the Trust&#x2019;s taxable income or even equal to the actual tax liability that results from that income. Unit Holders should consult their own tax advisor regarding state tax requirements, if any, applicable to ownership of Trust Units. The tax treatment of an investment in Trust Units could be affected by recent and potential legislative changes, possibly on a retroactive basis. U.S. federal tax reform legislation informally known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) was enacted December 22, 2017, and made significant changes to the federal income tax rules applicable to both individuals and entities, including changes to the effective tax rate on a Trust Unit Holder&#x2019;s allocable share of certain income from the Trust. Many provisions of the TCJA were modified, extended, or otherwise affected by the One, Big, Beautiful Bill Act (&#x201c;OBBBA&#x201d;), signed into law on July 4, 2025. The TCJA and OBBBA are complex and Unit Holders should consult their tax advisor regarding the TCJA and its effect on an investment in Trust Units. In addition, the current administration has generally proposed repealing fossil fuel tax subsidies, which could impact certain tax benefits available to Trust Unit Holders. Any modification to the U.S. federal income tax laws or interpretations thereof may be applied retroactively and could adversely affect the Trust&#x2019;s business, financial condition or results of operations. The Trust is unable to predict whether any changes or other proposals will ultimately be enacted, or whether any adverse interpretations will be used. Any such changes or interpretations could negatively impact the value of an investment in the Trust Units. A portion of any gain recognized on the disposition of the Trust Units could be taxed as ordinary income. A Trust Unit Holder who sells his Trust Units will recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and the Trust Unit Holder&#x2019;s adjusted tax basis in those Trust Units. A substantial portion of any gain recognized may be taxed as ordinary income due to potential recapture items, including depletion recapture. The Trust generally allocates its items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of the Trust Units based upon the monthly record date. The IRS may challenge this treatment. The Trust generally allocates its items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of the Trust Units each month based upon the ownership of the Trust Units on the monthly record date, instead of the date a particular Trust Unit is transferred. The IRS could disagree with this allocation method and could assert that income and deductions of the Trust should be 10 Table of Contents &#160; determined and allocated on a daily or prorated basis, which could require adjustments to the tax returns of the affected Trust Unit Holders and result in an increase in the administrative expense of the Trust in subsequent periods. The Trust has not requested a ruling from the IRS regarding the tax treatment of the Trust. If the IRS were to determine (and be sustained in that determination) that the Trust is not a &#x201c;grantor trust&#x201d; for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Trust could be subject to more complex and costly tax reporting requirements that could reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to Trust Unit Holders. If the Trust were not treated as a grantor trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Trust should be treated as a partnership for such purposes. Although the Trust would not become subject to U.S. federal income taxation at the entity level as a result of treatment as a partnership, and items of income, gain, loss and deduction would flow through to the Trust Unit Holders, the Trust&#x2019;s tax reporting requirements would be more complex and costly to implement and maintain, and its distributions to Trust Unit Holders could be reduced as a result. If the Trust were treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a partnership, it would likely be subject to new audit rules that alter the procedures for auditing large partnerships and assessing and collecting income taxes due (including applicable penalties and interest) as a result of an audit. These rules effectively would impose an entity level tax on the Trust, and Trust Unit Holders might have to bear the expense of the adjustment even if they were not Trust Unit Holders during the audited taxable year. Neither Hilcorp nor the Trustee has requested a ruling from the IRS regarding the tax status of the Trust, and neither Hilcorp nor the Trust can assure you that such a ruling would be granted if requested or that the IRS will not challenge these positions on audit. Trust Unit Holders should be aware of any possible state tax implications of owning Trust Units. ITEM 1B. UN RESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 1C. CY BERSECURITY The Trust does not have a board of directors, so the Trustee is responsible for oversight of the Trust&#x2019;s risks from cybersecurity threats. The Trustee has dedicated personnel that are responsible for assessing and managing the Trust&#x2019;s cyber risk management program, informing senior management of the Trustee regarding the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents and supervising such efforts. The Trustee&#x2019;s information technology team has decades of experience selecting, deploying, and operating cybersecurity technologies, initiatives, and processes, and relies on threat intelligence as well as other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by the Trustee to monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. External partners are a key part of the Trustee&#x2019;s cybersecurity protocols and policies. The Trustee works with leading firms in the cybersecurity industry, leveraging their technology and expertise to monitor and maintain the performance and effectiveness of products and services that are used by the Trustee. The Trustee maintains a cyber risk management program designed to identify, assess, manage, mitigate, and respond to cybersecurity threats, which processes are integrated into the Trustee&#x2019;s overall risk management process. The Trustee maintains robust cybersecurity protocols, including but not limited to technological capabilities that prevent and detect disruptions; computer workstations and programs protected with passwords and passphrases, as well as employee training throughout the year on financial regulations and cybersecurity followed up by testing of that knowledge. The protocols are based on recognized best practices and standards for cybersecurity and information technology. The Trustee has an annual assessment, performed by a third-party vendor, of the Trustee&#x2019;s cyber risk management program. Other, non-technical protocols include securing of documents and work areas that could contain personal, non-public information and independent verification of information changes by outside vendors. The Trust faces risks from cybersecurity threats that could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or reputation. The Trustee has experienced, and will continue to experience, cyber incidents in the normal course of its business. However, prior cybersecurity incidents have not had a material adverse effect on the Trust&#x2019;s business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. See Item 1A. &#x201c;Risk Factors &#x2013; Cybersecurity Risks.&#x201d; 11 Table of Contents &#160; ITEM 2. PRO PERTIES The Royalty conveyed to the Trust was carved out of Southland&#x2019;s (now Hilcorp&#x2019;s) working interests and royalty interests in certain properties situated in the San Juan Basin. See Item 1. Business for information on the conveyance of the Royalty to the Trust. References below to &#x201c;gross&#x201d; wells and acres are to the interests of all persons owning interests therein, while references to &#x201c;net&#x201d; are to the interests of Hilcorp (from which the Royalty was carved) in such wells and acres. Unless otherwise indicated, the following information in this Item 2 is based upon data and information furnished to the Trustee by Hilcorp. The Subject Interests The Subject Interests consist of working interests, royalty interests, overriding royalty interests and other contractual rights in 151,900 gross (119,000 net) producing acres in San Juan, Rio Arriba and Sandoval Counties of northwestern New Mexico. According to information provided by Cawley, Gillespie and Associates, Inc. (CG&amp;A), the Trust's third party reserve engineers, there were, as of December 31, 2025, 4,325 gross (818.9 net) wells on the properties underlying the Subject Interests, calculated on a well bore basis and not including multiple completions as separate wells, of which approximately 1,039 gross (292.0 net) wells were Multiple Completion Wells, resulting in a total of 5,456 gross (1,149.7 net) completions. CG&amp;A has informed the Trust that all of the subject acreage is held by production, and even though it has not been fully developed in every formation, CG&amp;A has classified all of such acreage as developed. Production from conventional natural gas wells is primarily from the Pictured Cliffs, Mesaverde, Mancos, and Dakota formations, ranging in depth from 1,500 to 8,500 feet. Additional production is attributable to coal seam reserves in the Fruitland Coal formation. The Royalty conveyed to the Trust is limited to the base of the Dakota formation, which is currently the deepest significant producing formation under acreage affected by the Royalty. Rights to production, if any, from deeper formations are retained by Hilcorp. 2026 Capital Expenditure Budget On February 19, 2026, the Trust announced that Hilcorp had provided the Trust with its 2026 capital project plan for the Subject Interests (the &#x201c;2026 Plan&#x201d;), and Hilcorp has estimated its 2026 capital expenditures for the Subject Interests to be approximately $14.0 million. Hilcorp informed the Trust that its 2026 Plan for the Subject Interests includes 32 projects. Approximately $11.5 million of the $14.0 million budget in the 2026 Plan will be allocated to nine new vertical drill projects to be completed in the Mesaverde, Mancos, and Dakota formations and six new horizontal drill projects in the Mancos formation. Hilcorp also informed the Trust that costs associated with the six new horizontal drill projects include drilling costs only. Completion costs for the horizontal wells are expected to be included in Hilcorp&#x2019;s 2027 capital plan for the Subject Interests, which is expected to be provided to the Trust sometime in the first quarter of 2027. Approximately $2.0 million of the $14.0 million budget of the 2026 Plan will be allocated to 17 projects for recompletions and workovers in the Fruitland Coal and Pictured Cliffs formations, and approximately $0.5 million of the $14.0 million budget will be allocated to facilities projects related to natural gas compression and other facilities projects. Hilcorp further informed the Trust that its 2026 Plan is subject to revision if Hilcorp revises its assumptions underlying the 2026 Plan, and that actual capital costs may vary from these estimates. The natural gas volumes reported to the Trust by Hilcorp are based on plant residue gas volumes plus equivalent volumes for natural gas liquids. Hilcorp converts one barrel of natural gas liquids to six Mcf of natural gas using industry standards. Production of oil and natural gas and related average sales prices attributable to each of the Subject Interests and the Royalty for each of the two years ended December 31, 2025, were as follows: &#160; &#160; For the year ended December 31, &#160; &#160; 2025 &#160; &#160; 2024 &#160; &#160; Natural Gas (Mcf) &#160; &#160; Oil and Condensate (Bbls) &#160; &#160; Natural Gas (Mcf) &#160; &#160; Oil and Condensate (Bbls) &#160; Production &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; Subject Interests &#160; &#160; 28,412,786 &#160; &#160; &#160; 32,458 &#160; &#160; &#160; 22,415,695 &#160; &#160; &#160; 32,471 &#160; Average Price (per Mcf/Bbl) &#160; $ 2.53 &#160; &#160; $ 55.94 &#160; &#160; $ 2.07 &#160; &#160; $ 68.07 &#160; Royalty &#160; &#160; 1,954,645 &#160; &#160; &#160; 17,822 &#160; &#160; &#160; 2,359,534 &#160; &#160; &#160; 17,822 &#160; Average Price (per Mcf/Bbl) &#160; $ 4.66 &#160; &#160; $ 55.57 &#160; &#160; $ 1.12 &#160; &#160; $ 68.47 &#160; &#160; 12 Table of Contents &#160; Production costs for natural gas and oil attributable to the Subject Interests for the two years ended December 31, 2025, were as follows: &#160; &#160; 2025 &#160; &#160; 2024 &#160; Total Production Costs (including capital expenses) &#160; $ 82,014,920 &#160; &#160; $ 82,130,843 &#160; Average Production Costs per unit of Production &#160; $ 2.8669 &#160; &#160; $ 3.6324 &#160; Lease Operating Expenses &#160; $ 33,398,163 &#160; &#160; $ 30,830,580 &#160; Average Lifting Cost per unit of Production &#160; $ 1.1675 &#160; &#160; $ 1.3636 &#160; &#160; Based on Hilcorp&#x2019;s reporting methodology, the Trust recognizes production during the month in which the related Royalty Income is paid to the Trust. Royalty Income for a calendar year is based on the actual natural gas and oil production during the period beginning with November of the preceding calendar year through October of the current calendar year. Sales volumes attributable to the Royalty are determined by dividing the net profits by the Trust from the sale of oil and natural gas, respectively, by the prices received for sales of such volumes from the Subject Interests, taking into consideration production taxes attributable to the Subject Interests. Because the oil and natural gas sales attributable to the Royalty are based upon an allocation formula dependent on such factors as price and cost, including capital expenditures, the aggregate sales amounts from the Subject Interests may not provide a meaningful comparison to sales attributable to the Royalty. Production from the Subject Interests is influenced by the line pressure of the natural gas gathering systems in the San Juan Basin. As noted above, oil and natural gas sales attributable to the Royalty are based on an allocation formula dependent on many factors, including oil and natural gas prices and capital expenditures. Marketing Natural gas produced in the San Juan Basin is sold in both interstate and intrastate commerce. Please refer to the discussion contained herein under &#x201c;Regulation&#x201d; for information as to federal regulation of prices of oil and natural gas. As part of the transition from Burlington to Hilcorp, Hilcorp has assumed, or been assigned, all the natural gas purchase, gathering and processing contracts affecting the Subject Interests. Natural gas produced from the Subject Interests is processed at the following sites: Ignacio, Val Verde, San Juan Gas Complex, and Milagro, all located in the San Juan Basin. Hilcorp sells natural gas produced from the Subject Interests under various contracts. Hilcorp&#x2019;s sales contracts are executed based on request for proposals (RFPs) seasonally but have consistently been won by Chevron Natural Gas (&#x201c;Chevron&#x201d;) and EDF Trading North America LLC (&#x201c;EDF&#x201d;), as is the case for the upcoming summer season. Gas was also sold to Tenaska Gas Marketing for the upcoming summer term. Each of Hilcorp&#x2019;s sales contracts with EDF and Chevron provides for (i) the delivery of such natural gas at various delivery points through their respective termination dates and (ii) the sale of such natural gas at prices that fluctuate in accordance with published indices for natural gas sold in the San Juan Basin. Hilcorp&#x2019;s natural gas sales are also contracted with New Mexico Gas Company, Inc. The contract provides for the sale of certain winter-only natural gas supplies. All of the natural gas is processed at the Ignacio Plant, Val Verde Plant, San Juan Gas Complex, and Milagro plant at prices that fluctuate in accordance with published indices for natural gas sold in the San Juan Basin. Hilcorp contracts with Enterprise Field Services, LLC (&#x201c;EFS&#x201d;) for the gathering and processing of certain natural gas produced from the Subject Interests. Hilcorp&#x2019;s predecessor signed an agreement with EFS which was effective November 1, 2011, for a term of 15 years. Hilcorp&#x2019;s predecessor has disclosed to the Trust a summary of that agreement which the Trust has reviewed with its consultants, subject to conditions of confidentiality. Hilcorp entered into a contract with Williams Four Corners, LLC (&#x201c;WFC&#x201d;), which is effective for a term of two years commencing April 1, 2025. The WFC contract covers the gathering and processing of virtually all of the natural gas produced from the Subject Interests. On October 1, 2018, Harvest Midstream I, L.P., an affiliated midstream company of Hilcorp, completed the acquisition of WFC&#x2019;s gas pipeline and processing facilities in the San Juan Basin. The Conveyance sets forth the processing costs that Hilcorp can charge for both non-affiliates and affiliates. The Trust is not a party to any of the purchase, gathering or processing contracts, and thus the Trust has limited ability to know or affect all of the terms of such contracts. As part of the 1996 settlement of litigation filed by the Trustee in 1992 against Burlington and Southland, the Trustee and Burlington established a formal protocol pursuant to which compliance auditors retained by the Trustee have access to Burlington and its successors&#x2019; books and records, which protocol has been adopted by Hilcorp. 13 Table of Contents &#160; Oil and Natural Gas Reserves Proved Reserves All of the Trust&#x2019;s reserves are located in the San Juan Basin. Total proved Developed and Undeveloped Oil and Natural Gas Reserves attributable to the Royalty as of December 31, 2025, were as follows: &#160; &#160; Proved Reserves (1)(2) &#160; Reserves Category &#160; Natural Gas (MMcf) &#160; &#160; Crude Oil and Condensate (MBbls) &#160; Developed &#160; &#160; 85,288 &#160; &#160; &#160; 130 &#160; Undeveloped &#160; &#160; &#x2014; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#x2014; &#160; Total Proved &#160; &#160; 85,288 &#160; &#160; &#160; 130 &#160; (1) Proved reserves were calculated using prices equal to the 12-month unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month commodity prices for each of the preceding 12 months, which were $3.387 per MMBtu (Henry Hub) of natural gas and $65.34 per Bbl (West Texas Intermediate) of oil. The adjusted volume-weighted average prices over the life of the properties were $2.763 per Mcf of gas and $55.640 per Bbl of oil. (2) The Trust does not own a specific percentage of the oil and gas reserves because the Conveyance has defined the Trust&#x2019;s interest as a net overriding royalty interest. Because the Trust&#x2019;s reserve quantities are determined using an allocation formula, any fluctuations in actual or assumed prices or costs will result in revisions to the estimated reserve quantities allocated to the net overriding royalty interest. Estimated quantities of proved Developed Oil and Natural Gas Reserves attributable to the Royalty as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows: &#160; &#160; 2025 &#160; &#160; 2024 &#160; Natural Gas (MMcf) &#160; &#160; 85,288 &#160; &#160; &#160; 62,095 &#160; Crude Oil and Condensate (MBbls) &#160; &#160; 130 &#160; &#160; &#160; 132 &#160; Proved Undeveloped Reserves Based on information provided by Hilcorp and analysis by the Trust&#x2019;s independent reserve engineer, there were no proved undeveloped reserves identified as of December 31, 2025 or December 31, 2024. There were 9,135 MMcf proved undeveloped reserves identified in 2023. The changes in proved undeveloped reserves were primarily due to Hilcorp&#x2019;s two drilling projects in the Mancos formation in 2024. Internal Controls over Reserves Estimates The process of estimating oil and natural gas reserves is complex and requires significant judgment. The Trust, however, does not have the same level of information that generally would be available to a company with oil and natural gas operations because detailed information generally is not available to owners of royalty interests. Thus, the Trustee relies upon accumulated information and data solely provided by Hilcorp regarding the Royalty derived from the Subject Interests and provides such information for the Trust&#x2019;s auditing purposes to Cawley, Gillespie &amp; Associates, Inc. (&#x201c;CG&amp;A&#x201d;). CG&amp;A extrapolates from such Hilcorp-provided information estimates of the reserves attributable to the Subject Interests based on its expertise in the oil and natural gas fields where the Subject Interests are situated, as well as other publicly available information, and provides the results to the Trust. The Trust maintains internal controls and procedures applicable to reserve estimation, which are reviewed annually and updated as required, and the Trust reviews the reserve reports prepared by CG&amp;A for reasonableness. The Trust&#x2019;s internal controls and procedures regarding reserve estimates require proved reserves to be determined and disclosed in compliance with SEC definitions and guidance. Third-Party Reserves The Trust does not maintain an internal petroleum engineering department and instead relies upon CG&amp;A for a qualified, independent report of estimated reserves. The Trust has verified the qualifications and credentials of CG&amp;A to prepare reserve estimates on behalf of the Trust. The independent petroleum engineers&#x2019; reports as to the proved oil and natural gas reserves as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 were prepared by CG&amp;A. CG&amp;A, whose firm registration number is F-693, was founded in 1961 and is nationally 14 Table of Contents &#160; recognized in the evaluation of oil and natural gas properties. The technical person at CG&amp;A primarily responsible for overseeing the reserve estimate with respect to the Trust is Zane Meekins. Mr. Meekins has been a practicing petroleum engineering consultant since 1989, with over 38 years of practical experience in petroleum engineering and is a registered professional engineer in the State of Texas (License No. 71055). Mr. Meekins graduated from Texas A&amp;M University in 1987, summa cum laude , with a B.S. in Petroleum Engineering. Both CG&amp;A and Mr. Meekins have indicated that they meet or exceed all requirements set forth in Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers. Regulation General Exploration for and production and sale of oil and natural gas are extensively regulated at the national, state, and local levels. These laws may govern a wide variety of matters, including allowable rates of production, transportation, marketing, pricing, well construction, water use, prevention of waste, waste disposal, pollution, and protection of the environment. These laws, regulations and orders have in the past, and may again, restrict the rate of oil and natural gas production below the rate that would otherwise exist in the absence of such laws, regulations, and orders. Laws affecting the oil and natural gas industry and the distribution of its products are under constant review for amendment or expansion, frequently increasing the regulatory burden on operations. Numerous governmental departments and agencies are authorized by statute to issue, and have issued, rules and regulations binding on the oil and natural gas industry. Compliance with applicable laws is often difficult and costly, while non-compliance may result in substantial penalties. Such costs and penalties may affect the amount of Net Proceeds attributable to the Royalty that are paid to the Trust by Hilcorp or by subsequent operators of the Subject Interests. Natural Gas The transportation and resale of natural gas in interstate commerce, historically, have been regulated pursuant to several laws enacted by Congress and the regulations promulgated under these laws by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (&#x201c;FERC&#x201d;) and its predecessor. In the past, the federal government has regulated the prices at which natural gas could be sold in interstate commerce. Congress removed all price and non-price controls affecting wellhead sales of natural gas under the Natural Gas Wellhead Decontrol Act effective January 1, 1993. Congress could, however, reenact controls in the future. Any transportation of crude oil, natural gas liquids and purity components (ethane, propane, butane, iso-butane, and natural gasoline) by rail is also subject to regulation by the DOT&#x2019;s Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (&#x201c;PHMSA&#x201d;) and the DOT&#x2019;s Federal Railroad Administration (&#x201c;FRA&#x201d;) under the Hazardous Materials Regulations at 49 CFR Parts 171-180 (&#x201c;HMR&#x201d;), including Emergency Orders by the FRA and new regulations being proposed by the PHMSA, arising due to the consequences of train accidents and the increase in the rail transportation of flammable liquids. Sales of natural gas are affected by the availability, terms, and cost of transportation. The price and terms for pipeline transportation remain subject to extensive federal and state regulation. Several major regulatory changes have been implemented by Congress and FERC from 1985 to the present that affect the economics of natural gas production, transportation, and sales. In addition, FERC continues to promulgate revisions to various aspects of the rules and regulations affecting those segments of the natural gas industry, most notably interstate natural gas transmission companies, that remain subject to FERC&#x2019;s jurisdiction. These initiatives may also affect the intrastate transportation of gas under certain circumstances. The stated purpose of many of these regulatory changes is to promote competition among the various sectors of the natural gas industry. Additional proposals and proceedings that might affect the natural gas industry are considered from time to time by Congress, FERC, state regulatory bodies and the courts. The Trust cannot predict when or if any such proposals might become effective, or their effect, if any, on the Trust. The natural gas industry historically has been very heavily regulated; therefore, there is no assurance that the less stringent regulatory approach to natural gas sales pursued since 1993 by FERC and Congress will continue. Sales of crude oil, condensate and gas liquids are not currently regulated and are made at market prices. The ability to transport and sell petroleum products depends on pipelines that transport such products in interstate commerce and FERC regulates the rates, terms, and conditions of service by such pipelines under the Interstate Commerce Act. Any such price or non-price control regulations may affect the amount of Royalty and Royalty Income that is paid to the Trust by Hilcorp or subsequent operators of the Subject Interests. 15 Table of Contents &#160; Environmental Regulation General. Activities on the Subject Interests are subject to existing stringent and complex federal, state and local laws (including case law) and regulations governing health, safety, environmental quality and pollution control. Those requirements have frequently changed, and new programs may be even more stringent. Failure to comply with applicable health, safety and environmental laws, rules and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil or criminal penalties; the imposition of investigatory or remedial obligations; and the issuance of injunctions limiting or preventing some or all of the operations on the Subject Interests. Accordingly, these regulations often require difficult and costly compliance measures. Waste Handling. The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (&#x201c;RCRA&#x201d;), as amended, and comparable state statutes and regulations promulgated thereunder, affect oil and natural gas exploration, development and production activities by imposing requirements regarding the generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal and cleanup of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes. With federal approval, the individual states administer some or all of the provisions of RCRA, sometimes in conjunction with their own, more stringent requirements. Although most wastes associated with the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas are exempt from regulation as hazardous wastes under RCRA and its state analogs, it is possible that some wastes the operators of the Subject Interests generate presently or in the future could be subject to regulation under RCRA and state analogs. Legislation has been proposed from time to time in Congress to re-categorize certain oil and natural gas exploration, development and production wastes as &#x201c;hazardous wastes.&#x201d; To the extent any wastes generated by the operators of the Subject Interests are subject to regulation under RCRA or state analogs, or if the EPA or a state with jurisdiction proposes a rulemaking for revised oil and gas waste regulations in the future, any such regulation or changes in the laws and regulations could have a resulting increase in production costs that may affect the amount of Royalty and Royalty Income that is paid to the Trust by Hilcorp or subsequent operators of the Subject Interests. In addition, on February 8, 2024, EPA proposed adding nine particular per- and polyfluoroalkyl compounds (&#x201c;PFAS&#x201d;) to its list of hazardous constituents. As of early 2026, the EPA is moving forward with its proposal to list nine specific PFAS as RCRA hazardous constituents, with finalization expected by April 2026. It is unclear whether or when EPA may finalize this rule, but if it does this change in the regulations could have a resulting increase in production costs that may affect the amount of Royalty and Royalty Income that is paid to the Trust by Hilcorp or subsequent operators of the Subject Interests. Cleanup. Under certain environmental laws and regulations, the operators of the Subject Interests could be subject to strict, joint and several liability for the removal or remediation of property contamination, whether at a drill site or a waste disposal facility, even when the operators did not cause the contamination, or their activities were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time the actions were taken. The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (&#x201c;CERCLA&#x201d;), also known as the &#x201c;superfund&#x201d; law, for example, imposes liability, regardless of fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of persons for releases into the environment of a &#x201c;hazardous substance.&#x201d; Liable persons may include the current or previous owner and operator of a site where a hazardous substance has been disposed and persons who arranged for the disposal of a hazardous substance at a site. Under CERCLA and similar statutes, government authorities or private parties may take actions in response to threats to the public health or the environment, or releases or threatened releases of hazardous substances, and sue responsible persons for the associated costs; government authorities also may direct responsible persons to implement cleanup measures. Although CERCLA excludes &#x201c;petroleum&#x201d; from the definition of hazardous substance, in the course of operations, the working interest owner and/or the operator of Subject Interests may have generated and may generate materials that fall outside of this exclusion and that could trigger cleanup liabilities. In addition, the Subject Interests have produced oil and/or natural gas for many years, and previous operators may have disposed or released hydrocarbons, wastes or hazardous substances at the Subject Interests. The operator of the Subject Interests or the working interest owners may be responsible for all or part of the costs to clean up any such contamination. Although the Trust is not the operator of any Subject Interests, or the owner of any working interest, its ownership of the Royalty could cause it to be responsible for all or part of such costs to the extent CERCLA, or any similar statute, imposes responsibility on such parties as &#x201c;owners.&#x201d; Water Discharges. The Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, as amended, also known as the Clean Water Act (&#x201c;CWA&#x201d;), the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (&#x201c;OPA&#x201d;), and analogous state laws and regulations promulgated thereunder impose restrictions and strict controls regarding the unauthorized discharge of pollutants, including produced waters and other oil and gas wastes, into waters of the United States (&#x201c;WOTUS&#x201d;), as well as state waters for analogous state programs. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except in accordance with the terms of a permit issued by the EPA or applicable state analog. The CWA and regulations implemented thereunder also prohibit the discharge of dredge and fill material into regulated waters, including jurisdictional wetlands, unless authorized by an appropriately issued permit from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (the &#x201c;Corps&#x201d;). In May 2023, the U.S. Supreme Court&#x2019;s decision in Sackett v. EPA narrowed federal jurisdiction over wetlands to &#x201c;traditional navigable waters&#x201d; and wetlands or other waters that have a &#x201c;continuous surface connection&#x201d; with or are otherwise indistinguishable from traditional navigable water. In September 2023, the EPA and the Corps published a direct-to-final rule that conforms the regulatory definition of WOTUS to the Supreme Court&#x2019;s May 2023 decision in Sackett . On March 12, 2025, EPA issued guidance on the proper implementation of &#x201c;continuous surface connection&#x201d; under the definition of WOTUS. The guidance narrows wetlands jurisdiction to waters adjacent to WOTUS, &#x201c;which generally means traditional navigable waters, or a relatively permanent body of water connected to a traditional navigable water,&#x201d; and to wetlands with a &#x201c;continuous surface connection to a requisite covered water making it difficult to determine 16 Table of Contents &#160; where the water ends and wetland begins.&#x201d; In the wake of the Sackett decision, several states have developed their own wetlands policies or regulatory programs to address discharges to intra-state waters that may no longer be regulated as WOTUS. In New Mexico, the State enacted the Pollutant Discharge Elimination System Act as part of Senate Bill 21, signed into law on April 8, 2025. This legislation aims to fill regulatory gaps in water quality protections in response to Sackett , creating new permitting requirements meant to protect ephemeral and intermittent waters no longer covered under the CWA. The State act establishes a comprehensive permitting system for discharges into state waters, ensuring that all pollutants are regulated under the New Mexico Water Quality Act. EPA and various states also impose permitting requirements for the disposal of produced water by underground injection. As of March 2025, the EPA announced a major initiative to reconsider and revise 1970s-era wastewater regulations (effluent guidelines) for oil and gas extraction, aiming to lower production costs and promote the treatment and beneficial reuse of produced water. The EPA has also adopted regulations requiring certain oil and natural gas exploration and production facilities to obtain individual permits or coverage under general permits for storm water discharges. Costs may be associated with the treatment of wastewater or developing and implementing storm water pollution prevention plans, as well as for monitoring and sampling the storm water runoff from certain of our facilities. Some states also maintain groundwater protection programs that require permits for discharges or operations that may impact groundwater conditions. EPA and various states also impose permitting requirements for the disposal of produced water by underground injection. The OPA is the primary federal law for oil spill liability and contains numerous requirements relating to the prevention of and response to petroleum releases into WOTUS, including the requirement that operators of offshore facilities and certain onshore facilities near or crossing waterways must develop and maintain facility response contingency plans and maintain certain significant levels of financial assurance to cover potential environmental cleanup and restoration costs. The OPA subjects owners of facilities to strict, joint and several liability for all containment and cleanup costs and certain other damages arising from a release, including, but not limited to, the costs of responding to a release of oil to surface waters, removal costs and natural resource damages. These permitting requirements could create additional production costs, and any noncompliance with the CWA or the OPA may result in substantial administrative, civil and criminal penalties, as well as injunctive obligations for which the operator of the Subject Interests or the working interest owners may be responsible. Climate Change . Mitigating climate change has become the subject of an important public policy debate and the basis for new legislation proposed by the United States Congress and certain states. Some states have adopted climate change statutes and regulations, and the Biden Administration has pursued executive actions to address climate change. At the international level, the 21st Conference of the Parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (&#x201c;UNFCCC&#x201d;) resulted in nearly 200 countries, including the United States, coming together to develop the Paris Agreement, intended to nationally determine their contributions and set greenhouse gas (&#x201c;GHG&#x201d;) emission reduction goals every five years beginning in 2020. In February 2021, as a party to the Paris Agreement, the U.S. announced a target to achieve a 50% to 52% reduction from 2005 levels in economy-wide GHG emissions by 2030. Accordingly, the Biden administration has set ambitious domestic targets for curbing climate change, such as making the U.S. power sector climate neutral by 2035 and achieving a net-zero emissions economy by 2050. In addition, in September 2021, President Biden publicly announced the Global Methane Pledge, a pact that aims to reduce global methane emissions at least 30% below 2020 levels by 2030, including &#x201c;all feasible reductions&#x201d; in the energy sector. On January 20, 2025, President Trump signed Executive Order 14162, directing the immediate withdrawal of the United States from the Paris Agreement and similar commitments under the UNFCCC, which includes the Global Methane Pledge. As of January 27, 2026, President Trump officially withdrew the United States from the Paris Agreement for the second time, finalizing a process started in January 2025 to prioritize U.S. fossil fuel production and economic growth over international climate commitments. The Trump administration simultaneously withdrew from the underlying UN climate treaty UNFCCC. In March 2026, a coalition of states led by New York and California sued the administration regarding the revocation of the scientific basis for U.S. climate regulations. The Inflation Reduction Act (&#x201c;IRA&#x201d;) was signed into law in August 2022 and contains many provisions that address climate change by creating incentives to use alternative fuels and sources of energy: Methane Emissions and Waste Reduction Incentive Program, which requires the EPA to impose a &#x201c;waste emissions charge&#x201d; on certain natural gas and oil sources that are already required to report under the EPA&#x2019;s Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program. To implement the program, the IRA requires revisions to GHG reporting regulations for petroleum and natural gas systems (Subpart W) by 2024. In July 2023, the EPA proposed to expand the scope of the Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program for petroleum and natural gas facilities, as required by the IRA. Among other things, the proposed rule would expand the emissions events that are subject to reporting requirements to include &#x201c;other large release events&#x201d; and apply reporting requirements to certain new sources and sectors. The fee imposed under the Methane Emissions and Waste Reduction Incentive Program for 2024 would be $900 per ton emitted over annual methane emissions thresholds, and would increase to $1,200 in 2025, and $1,500 in 2026. The Methane Emissions Reduction Program in the IRA (Sec. 60113) also gives the Environmental Protection Agency (&#x201c;EPA&#x201d;) the ability to impose charges on methane emitted by certain oil and gas companies. The charges will start in 2024 and apply to facilities that emit over 25,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent unless exemptions are available. Funding under the IRA also provides grant money for methane and greenhouse gas emission mitigation activities. On May 14, 2024, EPA promulgated its 17 Table of Contents &#160; final Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule. The rule requires that certain sources report GHGs over 25,000 tons per year. On April 25, 2024, EPA promulgated subpart Y of the GHG reporting rule that applies to refineries. In March 2025, EPA announced that it was reconsidering the GHG Reporting Rule. The IRA, to the extent it is implemented by the Trump Administration, aims to reduce U.S. GHG emissions by approximately 40% by 2030 compared with 2005 levels and put the United States on course for its commitment to attain a net-zero economy by 2050. In addition, many state and local governments have intensified or stated their intent to intensify efforts to support international climate commitments and treaties, in addition to developing programs that are aimed at reducing GHG emissions by means of cap and trade programs, carbon taxes, the development of greenhouse gas inventories or encouraging the use of renewable energy or alternative low-carbon fuels. The impact such regulation may have on the amount of Royalty and Royalty Income paid to the Trust by Hilcorp or subsequent operators of the Subject Interests is difficult to predict. In addition, federal agencies are building upon their existing programs, like those governed by the Clean Air Act, as amended (the &#x201c;CAA&#x201d;), to impose new climate controls. In 2009, EPA issued an &#x201c;Endangerment Finding&#x201d; under Section 202(a) of the CAA, concluding GHG pollution threatens the public health and welfare of future generations. And EPA has required annual reporting of GHG for persons operating certain types of industrial facilities, including oil and natural gas production, transmission and storage operations that emit 25,000 metric tons or more of carbon dioxide equivalent per year. The data collected through the reporting rules has helped to provide a basis for promulgating GHG emission limits. On February 18, 2026, Trump&#x2019;s EPA finalized the repeal of the 2009 Endangerment Finding, which previously established that GHGs endanger public health. This move is being challenged in court by a coalition of nearly 40 states and cities. President Trump&#x2019;s 2025 executive orders, particularly EO 14154 &#x201c;Unleashing American Energy,&#x201d; aim to dismantle federal climate change actions, accelerate fossil fuel production, and reverse environmental regulations from previous administrations. The Trump administration has proposed rolling back the EPA&#x2019;s Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (GHGRP) for most sectors while specifically postponing, until 2034, reporting requirements for the oil and gas industry. While statutory reporting under the IRA &#x201c;waste emissions charge&#x201d; remains in place, the broader, detailed reporting on methane and other greenhouse gases is largely being suspended. Collectively, the ultimate scope of these climate change or GHG regulations remains uncertain; however, any resulting increase in production costs may affect the amount of Royalty and Royalty Income that is paid to the Trust by Hilcorp or subsequent operators of the Subject Interests. Air Emissions. The CAA and comparable state and local laws and regulations, regulate emissions of various air pollutants through the issuance of permits and the imposition of other requirements. The EPA has developed, and continues to develop, stringent regulations governing emissions of air pollutants at specified sources. New facilities may be required to obtain permits before work can begin, and modified and existing facilities may be required to obtain additional permits. As a result, operators may need to incur capital costs in order to remain in compliance. Obtaining or renewing permits also has the potential to delay the development of oil and natural gas projects. Federal and state regulatory agencies can impose administrative, civil and criminal penalties and seek injunctive relief for non-compliance with air permits or other requirements of the CAA and associated state laws and regulations. The operators of the Subject Interests are responsible for maintaining compliance with all applicable air emissions regulations and holding all necessary and valid construction and operating permits for operations. A number of those rules have addressed emissions from the oil and gas industry. On August 16, 2012, for example, the EPA issued a final rule that established new source performance standards for volatile organic compounds (&#x201c;VOCs&#x201d;) and sulfur dioxide, an air toxics standard for sources of oil and natural gas production, and an air toxics standard for sources of natural gas transmission and storage. That rule generally required all hydraulically fractured or refractured natural gas wells to be completed using so-called &#x201c;green completion&#x201d; technology, which significantly reduces VOC emissions. Limiting those emissions of VOCs has the co-benefit of also limiting methane, a greenhouse gas. These regulations, referred to as New Source Performance Standards (&#x201c;NSPS&#x201d;) Subpart OOOO, also apply to storage tanks and other equipment in the affected oil and natural gas industry segments. In May 2016, EPA issued a suite of new final regulations, referred to as NSPS Subpart OOOOa, designed to limit methane, VOCs, and other emissions from new and existing sources in the oil and natural gas sector. Among other things, these rules applied green completion requirements to newly fractured and re-fractured oil wells. Rulemaking concerning regulation of greenhouse gas and other emissions from the oil and natural gas industry continues. In December 2023, EPA finalized new rules for oil and gas sources that would (i) ensure all wells are routinely monitored for leaks, (ii) encourage use of innovative and advanced monitoring, (iii) impose strengthened emission standards for certain equipment, and (iv) require states to reduce methane emissions from existing sources. The final rule gives states, along with federal tribes that wish to regulate existing sources, two years to develop and submit their plans for reducing methane emissions from existing sources. The final emissions guidelines under Subpart OOOOc provide three years from the plan submission deadline for existing sources to comply. On March 12, 2025, the Trump Administration announced it is reconsidering rules promulgated by the Biden Administration under NSPS Subpart OOOO b/c. As of late 2025, the EPA under the Trump administration is actively rolling back and delaying compliance deadlines for the 2024 OOOOb/c methane regulations. A final rule effective December 3, 2025, extends deadlines 18 Table of Contents &#160; for control devices, leaks, and storage vessels, aiming to cut industry compliance costs. States have begun to regulate through their New Source Performance Standards (&#x201c;NSPS&#x201d;) and other ai