QKM EARNINGS REPORT
Westrock Coffee Company [ WEST ] — May 21, 2026
I have been marinating on this WEST quarter for a few weeks. I did not want to simply
dismiss the price action and reflexively jump to the conclusion that the market is wrong, but after
some reflection—and forensic accounting—that is indeed the conclusion I have come to. Hailed
as the quarter where three years of investment is finally bearing fruit, Scott Ford thanked his
country club investment group for incinerating hundreds of millions into this folly and took a
little poke at the shorts. What Ford did not discuss was the $23.9 million commodity hedge
benefit that rolled into gross profit, accounting for 93% of this quarter's EBITDA.
Cash flow hedges are not new to Westrock. They are a normal part of their commodity
hedging operations, but, if you look at their history, the size of the hedges put on over the last
year and the benefit from the rapid increase in coffee prices were significant outliers. In fact, if I
didn't know better, I would say management made a speculative bet on falling coffee prices.
Regardless of the how and why Westrock came into such good fortune, it is unlikely to
repeat. The estimated losses expected to roll through the hedge book over the next twelve months
are $24.1 million. It is not a guarantee that these losses will hit, but it is significant headwind that
will be difficult to paper over absent another spike in coffee prices and a little luck.
What does it mean? It means that this quarter was an outlier and a fortuitous one at that.
Westrock has $352 million in debt that goes current in August and an aggressive covenant step-
down schedule. I think management needed to show improving profits and a strong stock price to
assist in refinancing discussions and to make an inevitable equity raise more palatable. That might
release the near term balance sheet pressure, but it doesn't change the fact that WEST is likely to
miss full year EBITDA. WEST remains a high conviction short. Price target $1.00.
JUST IN THE KNICK OF TIME
Westrock reported first quarter sales and EBITDA of $308.8 million and $25.9 million,
up 44% and 215%, respectively. And that includes a $4.6 million gain from the expiration of the
Peet's contract.
It would be an understatement to say that Scott Ford needed this quarter. He has spent the
last three telling investors that Conway's capacity was completely booked only to continually
delay and pull down guidance. To give some perspective, the original plan way back in 2022 was
to spend $290 million on Conway, open up in 2024 and be producing an incremental $120 million
in EBITDA on top of the $70 million in base business.
Source: WEST 3Q2022 Conference Call
Page 1 of 6
Fast forward to today, and trailing twelve month EBITDA was only $85.6 million. And as
we will soon discuss, it was actually $61.7 million if you exclude the outsized $23.9 million
hedging gain in the first quarter.
Having blown the budget and producing no more EBITDA than before Conway was
built, the balance sheet is severely stressed. Management claims leverage is only 3.45 times, but if
you include the preferred, the converts (which are way out of the money) and the working capital
financing, total leverage (including the hedging gain in the first quarter) is over 10 times. And
WEST faces near term headwinds. The revolver, term loan and delay draw term loan ($351.6
million in all) go current in August. As disclosed in the 10Q, management is currently working on
refinancing.
Additionally, under the covenant relief period, the max net leverage ratio steps down
from five and a half to four times by the end of the year. If the bank tightens the screws on
permissible credit agreement adjustments (currently $12 million), WEST will be bumping against
the covenant if they fail again to meet estimates.
Source: WEST 1Q2026 10Q
And based on my analysis of the hedge book, I think that the tailwind created by rising
coffee prices throughout 2024 and 2025 has turned into a significant headwind.
WESTROCK'S HEDGING OPERATION
Westrock’s Beverage Solutions segment uses coffee futures, swaps and options to hedge
green coffee purchases under price-to-be-fixed supplier contracts, where volumes are committed
but the final price is later set against the C price. The accounting under ASC 815 flows mark-to-
market gains and losses through to AOCI until the physical coffee is purchased, processed and
sold. At that point, the accumulated hedge gain or loss is reclassified into cost of sales.
Page 2 of 6
Until last year, the hedge book was relatively small. In any given quarter, the exposure
was around 15 million pounds. But that began to creep up in the first quarter of 2025.
I can make sense of this because Westrock had won the Peet's single-serve deal, and they
were likely beginning to contract out for the volumes that were scheduled to come in the second
half of 2025. But then Keurig announced the acquisition of Peet's and Westrock knew it was
likely to lose the contract, so it appears as if the decline in the third quarter notional exposure
tracked the expectation to lose the deal.
What I can't make sense of is the fourth quarter spike to $117 million in notional
exposure. You can see in the chart above how much of an outlier this spike was. And if you look
at the actual purchasing in each quarter, WEST continued to purchases hedges well above normal
into the first quarter before closing the contracts.
Page 3 of 6
But here is where it gets really interesting. WEST discloses the net asset or liability of its
hedges and you can see there is a lagged correlation. This is what you would expect. Since the
hedges last three to twelve months, net hedging assets eventually turn into net realized hedging
gains, but when the hedging assets turned into net liabilities, a few quarters later WEST started to
realize net losses. That is until the outsized gain in the first quarter.
Before looking at the first quarter gain, let's look at why the hedging assets turned into
liabilities. Beginning in 2024, coffee prices began a record run to all time highs.
Source: Trading Economics
And as seen above, WEST really began to increase its hedging purchases in the back half
of 2024 and continued through the third quarter of 2025. While the price of coffee was moving
up, these hedges had net gains. But as pricing began to roll over, the hedges purchased at the top
of the market turned into net losses. This is evident in the asset to liability change that occurred in
the second quarter of 2025. But you can also see it in the shift in the expected gains/loss position
that will roll through cost of goods sold over the next twelve months.
Page 4 of 6
So the question then becomes, if the hedging had turned against WEST and in the fourth
quarter the next twelve month expectation was for a loss of $16.1 million, how did WEST post a
$24.1 million hedging gain in the first quarter?
The truth is that there is not enough granularity in the disclosures to tell exactly what
happened. But I can make an educated guess. If you look at the make up of the hedge book,
WEST had a $17.9 million option liability in the fourth quarter. Prior to this the use of options
was small or non existent. For an option to be a liability they must have sold exposure in one
form or another. I will not guess the make up of the contracts, but if they sold options and
collected premium of $17.9 million that paid off, that would explain most of the gains.
However the gain came to be, it is unlikely to repeat. First, they just don't have the same
notional exposure that they did in 2025. Second, to have large gains WEST not only needs
exposure but it needs coffee prices to move in its favor.
And if the gain was largely premium collection on options contracts, then WEST should
actually start to see expected losses roll through the P&L throughout 2025, and if they have to
absorb anywhere close to the $24.1 million losses that are currently projected, they will actually
have to hit $114 million to $124 million in EBITDA to meet guidance.
CONCLUSION
I have followed Westrock closely for over three years, and while it is not impossible that
the company has finally hit its stride, the years of unkept promises and shifting narrative make it
highly improbable. Even if they did hit their guidance, the stock still trades at seventeen and a
half times EBITDA. That's a lofty multiple for a co-packer of k-cups, seltzer water and
(supposedly) RTD coffee.
But I don't think they will hit guidance. The first quarter EBITDA was nearly all hedging
gains that are unlikely to repeat. What is more likely is an equity raise as part of a larger debt
refinancing followed by more sad quarters. WEST remains a high conviction short. Price target
$1.00.
DISCLAIMER
IMPORTANT - Please read this Disclaimer in its entirety before continuing to read this research opinion.
This research report (the "Report") represents the opinion of QKM LLC ("QKM") as of the date of the Report, which
are based upon the interpretation of certain facts and observations, all of which are based upon publicly available
information. The information set forth in this Report does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any security.
This Report contains certain "forward-looking statements," which may be identified by the use of such words as
"believe," "think," "expect," "anticipate," "should," "planned," "estimated," "potential," "outlook," "forecast," "plan"
and similar terms. All are subject to various factors, any or all of which could cause actual events to differ materially
from projected events. This Report is based upon information reasonably available to QKM and obtained from sources
QKM believes to be reliable however, such information and sources cannot be guaranteed as to their accuracy or
Page 5 of 6
completeness. QKM makes no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of the information set forth in this
article and undertakes no duty to update its contents. QKM encourages all readers to do their own due diligence and by
reading this Report you agree that QKM is not liable for any lost incurred with reading this Report.
Page 6 of 6
