 
 
 
 News Release
 
 
 
ACADIAN TIMBER INCOME FUND 
ANNOUNCES MONTHLY DISTRIBUTION 
 
Toronto, February 20, 2008: Acadian Timber Income Fund (the “Fund”) (TSX:ADN.UN) is 
pleased to announce its monthly distribution of $0.06875 per unit, payable on March 14, 
2008 to unitholders of record on February 29, 2008.  
 
Acadian Timber Income Fund is a leading supplier of primary forest products in Eastern Canada 
and the Northeastern U.S.  With a total of 2.4 million acres of land under management, Acadian is 
the second largest timberland operator in New Brunswick and Maine. 
 
Acadian owns and manages approximately 1.1 million acres of freehold timberlands in New 
Brunswick and Maine, and provides management services relating to approximately 1.3 million 
acres of Crown licensed timberlands. Acadian also owns and operates a forest nursery in Second 
Falls, New Brunswick. Acadian’s products include softwood and hardwood sawlogs, pulpwood and 
biomass by-products, sold to over 110 regional customers. 
The Fund’s units are listed for trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol ADN.UN.  
 
 
- 30 - 
 
For further information, please visit our website at www.acadiantimber.com or contact: 
 
 
Zev Korman 
Director, Investor Relations and Communications 
Tel: 416-359-1955 
Email: zkorman@acadiantimber.com 
 
 
* * * * * * * * * 
 
This news release contains forward looking information including “forward looking statements”, which can be identified by the use of 
words, such as “approximately”, “deliver”, “should” or variations  of such words and phrases or that state  that certain actions, events 
or results “may” or “will” be taken, occur or achieved. Forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties 
and other factors which may cause the actual results or performance to be materially different from any future results or performance 
expressed or implied by the forward statements. The risks, uncertainties and other factors that could influence actual results are 
described in the Acadian Timber Income Fund final prospectus and other documents filed with regulatory authorities. 
 