

3
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

BMV Group stands at the nexus of Mexico’s financial markets, driving economic growth and sustainable development. We promote transparency by creating open and accessible 
processes for business financing, ensuring that the trading of securities and derivatives is conducted with fairness and accountability. Through the development of reliable mechanisms 
for price discovery, we uphold integrity, fostering trust and credibility across the financial system.
How we create value
[2-6] 

We are a group of companies that work together to provide comprehensive services facilitating the trading, post-trade processing, and custody of the securities, derivatives, and money 
markets in Mexico, as well as offering information services. Supported by cutting-edge technological infrastructure, we deliver sustainable long-term value to all our stakeholders.
Our Business  
[2-1], [2-2], [2-6]

Our Presence 
 
7
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

8
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

9
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

10
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

Our Management Team

 
13
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

14
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

 
15
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Our Listed Companies
As of the end of December 2024, we have 361 companies listed on the Stock Exchange with one or more instruments. Of these, 92% are located in Mexico City, Nuevo León, Jalisco, Estado 
de México, and Chihuahua

16
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
 Equity
Listed Instruments
IPC Constituents
The S&P/BMV IPC is comprised of 35 companies, which together account for 
81% of the stock market’s capitalization. 
It is divided as follows: 
As at the end of December 2024, the 
following instruments were listed:

 
17
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Market Capitalization
Listed InstrumentsThe total market capitalization value of local issuers is equivalent to 20% of 
Mexico’s GDP .
As of December 31st, 2024, 180 Mexican issuers have short- and long-term debt instruments listed 
on the Stock Exchange (excluding the issuers of securities listed on the Global Market [SIC] of the 
Exchange). 
The certificates of deposit are primarily issued by corporates, states, municipalities, and trusts. 
Fixed Income

18
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
BBVA México (BACOMER) led the placements of structured bank bonds with a 
total amount of MXN$15.40 billion through 92 issuances, followed by Scotiabank 
Inverlat (SCOTIAB) with a total amount of MXN$1.88 billion through 7 issuances.
Debt Programs
Short-term Debt Programs
• At the end of the year the number of active credit 
lines was MXN$605.15 billion, representing an 
11% increase compared to the previous year. 
• 1,386 issuances of short-term stock certificates 
were carried out, amounting to MXN$301.07 
billion, representing a 23% increase compared to 
2023.
• Seven dual programs were authorized, notably including: the Special Fund for Agricultural 
Financing (FEFA) for MXN$180 billion, the Latin American Bank for Foreign Trade (BLADEX) for 
MXN$35 billion, and Genomma Lab Internacional (LAB) for MXN$10 billion pesos.
Long-term Debt Programs
• 80 long-term debt issuances took place, totaling MXN$289.02 billion, a 12% decrease compared 
to last year. Stock certificates represent 87% of the total issued.
• 14 programs were authorized, including notable ones such as those established by Banco 
Inbursa (BINBUR) for MXN$50 billion, Scotiabank Inverlat (SCOTIAB) for MXN$50 billion and 
HSBC México (HSBC) for MXN$40 billion.

 
19
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
International Quotations System (SIC)
Securities Listed on the Global Market
Geographical Distribution
Comprehensive Issuer Services
In December 2023, amendments to the Securities Market Act were approved, introducing the 
creation of the ‘Simplified Issuer. ’ To support this new market access framework, we launched a 
series of activities in 2024 to promote its adoption. As part of these efforts, we organized:
• The first market webinar, with over 800 attendees, and a tour of more than 10 cities across the 
country, in which we shared the advantages of this form of financing. 
• We also created the program “De Cero a Bolsa” (From Zero to the Stock Exchange)

20
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
We also conducted over 900 individual meetings  with executives from listed 
companies to promote financing through various capital and debt market 
instruments. 
We remain committed to supporting the institutional development of Mexican 
companies, which is why we continue to endorse the PRIME certification. This 
certification has been running for 7 years and currently includes 4 0 certified 
companies.
Development of Sustainable Markets
At BMV Group, we recognize our responsibility to stakeholders to create more 
resilient, transparent, and sustainable markets in the long term through multiple 
approaches.
Sustainable Financing – Labeled Bond 
Listings
Since its incorporation into the Stock Exchange 
in 2016, sustainable financing has established 
itself as a strategic tool for companies seeking 
the long-term economic development of their 
operations. In this context, and given current 
market conditions as well as macroeconomic 
factors, 18 ESG debt issuances took place in 2024, 
totaling MXN$81.79 billion. This represents a 
decrease in both parameters compared to 2023.
• We provided the following training program for listed companies:

 
21
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

22
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Strengthening ESG Knowledge
Recognizing the importance of our role within the market, we have promoted the development of knowledge on sustainability issues as a fundamental pillar for more informed decision-
making, leading to long-term market profitability. This effort is reflected in the following initiatives. 
ESG Disclosure by Issuers
The initiatives mentioned, have fostered greater ESG 
information disclosure by our listed companies.

 
23
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Market Growth Enhancement
Committed to enhancing liquidity in financial markets, BMV Group has worked on initiatives aimed at attracting more participants and fostering a dynamic and accessible market.
Simplified Issuer
After identifying the importance of implementing regulatory adjustments to strengthen the securities market and provide stock market financing opportunities to new companies in 
Mexico, including small and medium-sized enterprises, at the end of 2023, the Congress of the Union approved the Reform to the Securities Market Act. This achievement was made 
possible through the collaboration of key financial sector organizations, such as the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit (SHCP), the National Banking and Securities Commission 
(CNBV), the Mexican Association of Stock Market Institutions (AMIB), as well as the Stock Exchanges and other participants and intermediaries in the financial and stock market sector.
With these changes to the law, besides aiming to reduce listing times, processes, and costs, the goal is to relax the requirements to enable companies can enter the Mexican securities 
market in an agile and accessible way. This includes creating a new public offering framework or simplified issuance scheme, primarily focused on medium-sized enterprises.
Two starting points should be highlighted:
1° It will apply to new companies which will enable new and diverse 
market niches to enter the securities market. It also aims to encourage 
greater participation from medium-sized enterprises.
2° The public offering carried out by these companies will be directed 
towards institutional and qualified investors.
Simplified issuance amounts per fiscal year:Securities subject to simplified registration:

24
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
The simplified issuer will have a number of facilities including:
- Submitting audited financial statements for the last year or the last two years, 
depending on the level they are classified in, prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) or Mexican Standards.
- For the first level of debt and equity issuance, neither a credit rating nor a legal 
opinion will be required.
Once the brokerage firms have submitted the required documentation, the Mexican Stock 
Exchange (BMV) will review the files in a shortened timeframe, ensuring a favorable opinion for 
the listing. Subsequently, along with the issuer, it will submit the simplified registration application 
to the National Banking and Securities Commission (CNBV), significantly reducing the approval 
timeline. The BMV will also provide guidance and technical support to the issuers throughout 
the entire process.
Furthermore, to accurately inform all issuers, potential companies, and other market participants 
about the simplified issuer, we launched a free webinar that broke an attendance record with 
over 800 participants. This was complemented by promotional tours conducted in Mexico City 
and other regions of the country.
With this, BMV Group reaffirms its commitment to providing guidance and keeping all members 
of the financial and stock market sector well-informed. Additionally, it offers support to identify 
the opportunities and benefits presented by this regulatory context, while continuing to facilitate 
spaces that enrich discussions and foster the exchange of ideas.
 “De Cero a Bolsa” Program
With the aim of supporting the business sector in 
identifying the opportunities and benefits offered 
by the regulatory context, and assisting in their 
preparation to enter the securities market, in December 
2023 we designed the program ‘De Cero a Bolsa.’ 
(From Zero to BMV). This program seeks to guide 
founders, partners, and directors of medium-sized 
companies on their journey to secure capital market 
financing. It offers training on stock market topics, 
enabling them to issue securities —whether through 
the debt or equity market— and take full advantage 
of the market’s benefits, guiding them step by step 
and equipping them with sufficient tools for their 
preparation and entry into the market.
De Cero a Bolsa covers the following 
topics as well as the available financing 
alternatives, listing requirements, and 
processes, incorporating the relevant 
component of building community and 
strategic alliances within the financial 
and stock market ecosystem in Mexico.

 
25
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
PRIME Certification
This certification is a distinctive recognition awarded to companies that 
meet the governance standards established in the Institutional Development 
and Corporate Governance Program. To qualify, companies must implement 
specific actions validated by recognized firms. The program’s goal is to 
prepare Mexican companies in matters of corporate governance, enabling 
them to access diverse financing sources, such as development banks and 
the securities market. Furthermore, it seeks to support and guide companies 
in their readiness to undertake a Public Offering of Securities when they deem 
the timing appropriate.
As of December, there were 40 certified companies across diverse sectors, 
including logistics, hospitality, financial services, air and land transportation, 
hydrocarbons, as well as public transportation infrastructure.
Topics Covered

26
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Integrating Retail Investors – BolsApp
Financial literacy is a key element in boosting market liquidity, as an informed 
society makes better investment decisions. By bringing financial knowledge 
closer to retail investors, we not only encourage greater market participation 
but also strengthen trust and dynamism within the stock market ecosystem, 
creating opportunities for more investors and companies. Consequently, in 
2022, BMV Group launched BolsApp, the first educational and market platform 
for new investors created by a Stock Exchange. On this platform, you can find 
the following:
• Issuers. – Financial information and stock market indicators, videos, infographics 
or presentations, as well as live events. 
• Education.- Weekly listings on the BMV, the “Hablemos de Bolsa” (Let’s Talk 
About the Stock Market) blog, Escuela Bolsa Mexicana courses, podcasts, 
“Jueves de Bolsa” (Thursday Bolsa), live events, the Bolsa Museum and financial 
literacy content, market close videos, the financial term of the week, and more. 
• Brokerage Firms- Publications, activities, trivia, live events, and contact 
information.  
• Fund Managers.- Technical sheets, fund comparison tools, and charts.
Starting in 2024, two new sections were added: Community and Analysis
Moreover, to foster greater collaboration with listed companies, we implemented 
‘Conversando con BolsApp’ (BolsApp Conversations) virtual sessions featuring 
Issuers, Brokerage Firms, and Fund Managers. These sessions focus on 
discussing relevant financial and stock market topics.
BolsApp in Numbers

 
27
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

28
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
 Brokerage Firm Members of the Mexican Stock Exchange  
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
 
29
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Capital Markets Annual Turnover
As of the end of December 2024, a total of 99,582,803 transactions had been 
carried out in this market, which was a 7.7% increase compared to the number 
of transactions that took place in 2023.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
30
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Capital Markets Transaction Services 
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
 
31
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Market Share
The market share of the Mexican Stock Exchange in equity transactions is detailed below, with a breakdown between the local market and the global market (SIC):
A market share consistently exceeding 80% highlights the deep trust our clients have in us —not just in the quality of our services but in the reliability of our platforms. This trust fuels our 
dedication to driving innovative, high-value initiatives that continue to elevate the market and deliver meaningful impact.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
 
32
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
2025 Outlook
In the early months of 2025, the National Banking and Securities Commission 
(CNBV) is expected to approve amendments to the Internal Regulations of the 
Mexican Stock Exchange (BMV) regarding liquidity providers, as well as new 
operational fees for the Capital Market applicable to Brokerage Firms (full 
members). These measures aim to strengthen the competitive position of the BMV 
while providing market participants with benefits such as reduced transaction 
costs and increased liquidity for listed securities, both local and those that traded 
on the International Quotation System (SIC).
We will also continue to:
• Execute the technology project to optimize latencies in the BMV’s trading platform
• Roll out new functionalities in the electronic trading system of the Stock Exchange
• Develop new initiatives to enhance market operations
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
 
33
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

34
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
MexDer is the Derivatives Exchange in Mexico where the trading of Futures, 
Options, and Swaps contracts takes place. These instruments allow participants 
to lock in today’s price for buying or selling a financial asset —such as dollars, 
euros, bonds, stocks, indices, and interest rates— while settling the payment or 
delivery on a future date. 
As of the end of 2024, the average 
daily notional value traded 
showed a 13% decrease. In 
contrast, open interest recorded 
14% growth, driven primarily by 
Mexico’s political landscape. As 
a result, clients opted to maintain 
more directional positions to 
protect themselves against 
market volatility. 
 Dollar Futures
S&P / BMV IPC Futures 
This instrument experienced a 19% increase in the average daily notional value traded and a 10% 
rise in open interest driven by market volatility stemming from the presidential elections in the U.S. 
and Mexico, the interest rate cut cycle, geopolitical conflicts, and the early unwinding of carry trade 
positions in various countries around the world. 
28-day TIIE Swaps and TIIE Reference Rate
Swaps Contracts demonstrated performed 
positively in 2024, with the average daily 
notional value traded increasing by 4%. This 
growth was primarily driven by expectations 
and uncertainty surrounding the pace of 
interest rate cuts by Banxico in Mexico and 
the Federal Reserve (FED) in the U.S.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
 
35
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
MexDer 2023 – 2025 Strategy
This year, the conversion of 28-day TIIE Contracts to Funding TIIE Contracts was successfully carried out. This significant change for the instrument greatly facilitated compliance with 
Banxico’s regulation, which prohibits Mexican financial institutions from operating instruments tied to the 28-day TIIE that expire after December 31, 2025.
Our five-pillar strategy continues to make steady progress, serving as a guiding framework for our initiatives as we move toward 2025.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
36
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

 
37
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Mexico Operation
Trading volumes in Mexico, as well as the transactions executed during 2024, are 
broken down by business area as follows:
Our participation in the OTC Market in 2024 was as follows:
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
38
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Chile Operation
Carbon Platform
Following is the average daily turnover of SIF ICAP Chile across government bonds, IRS/Basis, inflation, and Forex.
At SIF ICAP , we provide an environmental markets platform —MÉXICO2— that offers brokerage services across 
environmental markets, encompassing products such as:
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
 
39
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
As a broker, we assist numerous companies across diverse sectors in offsetting their emissions through the purchase 
of Carbon Credits derived from projects that capture or prevent the release of Greenhouse Gases into the atmosphere. 
Our services also extend to capacity building and consultancy, aimed at driving the decarbonization of the economy and 
tackling the effects of climate change.
In addition, we have diversified our offerings by incorporating Clean Energy Certificates (CELs) and International Renewable 
Energy Certificates (IRECs) into our brokerage services.
Beyond our environmental markets’ platform, we are deeply committed to building capacity and cultivating talent in the 
field of green and sustainable finance. In 2024, we actively participated in several national and international forums, both 
as speakers and organizers, where we shared the latest trends and best practices in the sector. These discussions focused 
on the growth of the green, social, and sustainable bond market, as well as on the metrics for measuring investment 
impacts and infrastructure project developments. 
We also emphasized the critical importance of integrating climate risk analysis into credit portfolios and investment 
strategies. At the same time, we actively advocated for the urgent need to enhance ESG information disclosure, particularly 
among publicly traded companies.
 Main events and programs organized by MéxiCO2 in 2024:
• Mexico Carbon Forum 2024: Successfully replicated in Argentina, Colombia, Chile, and Peru
• Carbon Markets Diploma
• Training Program for Carbon Forestry Projects 
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
40
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
With initiatives like these, MÉXICO2 has firmly established itself as the leading creator of Carbon 
Markets in Latin America. Our vision is to extend this leadership into brokerage, positioning 
ourselves as the benchmark broker in the market.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
 
41
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

42
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Custody
2024 marked a record-breaking year in asset custody management, achieving a 13.5% increase compared to 2023 and closing with a total value of MXN$40 trillion.
Global Market
Key ETFs and Stocks 
Held by Participants in 
the Mexican Market in 
2024:
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
 
43
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
As a result of growth in the aforementioned instruments, the Custody of International Securities Capital (SIC) increased by 25% compared to 2023. 
Securities Administration – Corporate Actions 
In 2024, a total of 38,203 rights were processed, with 65% settled in pesos and 32% in dollars.  
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
44
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Settlement of Securities and Cash
In 2024, Indeval processed an average daily settlement amount of MXN$10.14 trillion in Delivery-versus-Payment transactions, with government debt being the primary asset settled. 
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
 
45
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Post – Trade Technological Transformation Program
In May of this year, we initiated the first phase of technology upgrades to our operating systems.
This program has become one of the most challenging and significant initiatives for BMV Group, with the primary goal of modernization. This effort not only involves updating infrastructures 
and processes but also embracing an innovative mindset focused on continuous change. The aim is to simplify and renew the operating system and its entire technological ecosystem, 
enabling it to function with greater ease while maintaining market connectivity and, at the same time, offering enhanced services.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
46
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

 
47
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
2024 Traded Amount
Risk Management at the Central 
Counterparty Clearinghouse  
The CCV operates within a robust risk management framework, supported by a 
solid Safety Net structured with multiple layers of financial resources designed to 
respond effectively to default events. This system ensures a high level of security 
for market participants, fostering confidence and stability in operations.
They can be broken down as follows:
a) Primary Risk Management Activities
• Real-time Monitoring: Daily supervision of participants’ operational levels, 
resource adequacy for margins, and market price patterns, including volatility 
factors.
• Margin Calculation: Periodic evaluation of portfolios in short cycles and at the 
end of the day.
• Operational Supervision: Tracking settlement processes and ensuring 
compliance with CCV regulations and manuals.
• Extreme Scenario Analysis: Simulations of potential impacts on Clearing Members’ portfolios.
• Contingency Plans: Ongoing updates to manuals and procedures to ensure effective risk 
management.
b) Risk Methodologies
•  Contribution Fund
The CCV employs a methodology based on Conditional Value at Risk (Expected Shortfall), designed 
to assess portfolio-level risks and effectively cover market fluctuations. This model ensures a 
minimum of 99% coverage for the Guarantee Fund, considering key factors such as issuance 
liquidity and the time required to close positions. Additionally, it incorporates other risks, such 
as concentration, volatility, and participant payment behavior. Margins can be covered with cash, 
government securities, or highly liquid stocks, ensuring both flexibility and robustness in risk 
management.
• Clearing Fund
The Clearing Fund employs the Cover 1 method to assess the highest exposure under extreme 
scenarios, calculating potential losses over n-days for the most exposed Clearing Member based 
on historical data since 2008. The fund accepts cash contributions only.
• Fund Administration
At the end of 2024, the CCV managed a total of MXN$6.630 billion, distributed as follows: 
MXN$4.444 billion in cash and MXN$116 million in securities within the Contribution Fund; 
MXN$1.578 billion in the Compensation Fund and MXN$492 million in the Reserve Fund. 
The weighted yield was 10.88%, one basis point above the Weighted Average Government 
Funding Rate (WAGFR) , ensuring investments aligned with the Principles for Financial Market 
Infrastructures.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
48
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
• Safety Net
The CCV’s Safety Net is designed to mitigate default risks through a hierarchy of 
financial resources, including:
Each year, the CCV conducts simulation exercises on the Safety Net to test the 
sufficiency of resources in the event of a participant default. These tests aim to 
evaluate the resilience of the Safety Net under various scenarios of high volatility 
and market pressures. They cover significant historical events, anticipate 
catastrophic scenarios, and include reverse stress tests based on hypothetical 
situations. 
In 2024, these exercises confirmed the ability of the funds and methodologies to 
address catastrophic events effectively, ensuring the stability of the system.
Credit Ratings
These evaluations highlight the strength of the CCV, which, as the sole Central Counterparty for 
Securities in Mexico’s capital market, plays a pivotal role in ensuring the stability and confidence 
of the financial system. 
2025 Objectives  
In 2025, the CCV will focus its efforts on key initiatives to drive modernization and enhance the 
competitiveness of Mexico’s financial market. These initiatives include:
1. Implementation of the CCV Debt Platform: We will launch the centralization of settlement 
processes for government bond (Bonos M) trading. This includes integrating trading platforms, 
incorporating clearing members, and adopting the centralized settlement model across market 
participants.
2. Expansion of Services: We will advance the analysis, design, regulatory reforms, and 
operational and technological implementation to offer CCV services for repos and other federal 
public debt instruments, strengthening our coverage and reach.
3. Technological Transformation: We will continue executing our strategic plan for technological 
modernization, ensuring operational efficiency and long-term sustainability.
4. Collaboration with Authorities: We will work closely with authorities to establish incentives, 
such as capital rules, to encourage the adoption of centralized settlement through the CCV, 
fostering trust and increasing market participation.
5. Risk Management and International Compliance: We will enhance our methodologies for 
assessing the risk of clearing members and implement repurchase mechanisms to manage 
defaults, ensuring alignment with the highest international standards.
6. Monitoring Global Trends: We will closely follow the migration plans from T+2 to T+1 settlement 
cycles in Europe, ensuring our alignment with best international practices.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
 
49
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

50
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Asigna’s annual revenues amounted to MXN$154 million pesos, reflecting an increase of MXN$38 million or 33% compared to 2023. This growth was primarily driven by a higher balance 
in IMCs (initial minimum contributions or margin deposits) and a one-time increase in swap operations due to the new benchmark rate. Margin deposits recorded a 35% growth, averaging 
MXN$48 billion throughout the year. Asigna charges a fee of 2 basis points on the average monthly balance of margin deposits, along with a settlement fee that varies by the type of 
contract traded.
Settlement at Maturity with Delivery of the Underlying Assets
Derivative Contracts
Average Daily Open Interest
In 2024, Asigna recorded an average daily open interest of 19.3 million contracts, representing a 10% increase compared to the 17.5 million average daily open contracts in 2023.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
 
51
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Swaps
In 2024, the total operations of Swap Contracts in the Derivatives Exchange (MexDer) and Trading Platforms reached an average traded amount of MXN$9.047 trillion. Each Swap contract 
has a nominal amount of MXN$100,000 pesos, reflecting significant activity within this segment of the markets.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
52
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Risk Management
Asigna has a risk management framework supported by a series of policies and 
procedures outlined in its regulations, manuals, and methodologies. It oversees 
a variety of funds that constitute a robust Safety Net, structured with multiple 
layers of financial resources to address default events effectively. 
Key risk management activities undertaken by Asigna are: 
• Real-time Daily Monitoring: Oversight of (a) operational limits for each market 
participant, (b) adequacy of participant resources to cover their margins, and 
(c) market price behavior and the volatility of underlying assets
• Portfolio Margin Calculation: Conducted both in real time and at the end of the 
trading day to ensure sufficient coverage
• Risk Parameter Tracking: Daily monitoring of risk parameter patterns, including 
limit position indicators and tolerance level indicators, along with supervision of 
settlement processes
• Regulatory Compliance: Supervision of adherence to Asigna’s internal regulations 
and provisions issued by the CNBV
• Extreme Scenario Simulations: Execution of stress tests to evaluate the potential 
impact on each Clearing Member’s portfolio 
Margining Model
Asigna employs a Margining Model that determines margin requirements at 
the portfolio level, accounting for the correlations between Futures, Options, 
and Swap Contracts. The model is based on the historical simulation method 
of Conditional Value at Risk (Expected Shortfall). 
The Margining Model determines four different Initial Margin Contributions (IMCs) 
for the Contracts within portfolios: Premium Contribution, Risk Contribution, 
and Delivery Contribution. This model incorporates additional risk factors, such 
as concentration, volatility, and participant payment behavior. Clearing Members may utilize 
resources to meet margin requirements in pesos, dollars, or national and U.S. government 
securities, as well as equity securities (with specific characteristics), ensuring flexibility and 
robustness in risk management.
Initial Margin Contributions
Initial Margin Contributions (IMCs) are resources requested daily by the Clearinghouse from 
Clients as collateral to address potential future defaults. These defaults may arise from a loss 
in the value of open contracts maintained by clients within the Clearinghouse. The resources are 
held as securities and/or cash and comprise the Asigna Contributions Fund.
In 2024, an annual average of MXN$47.6 billion IMCs was deposited, reflecting a 35% increase 
compared to 2023. This growth was primarily driven by an increase in open interest, a significant 
rise in average excess IMCs (beyond those required by Asigna) contributed by participants, and 
the conversion process from 28-day TIIE to Reference Rate TIIE.
Fund Administration
At the end of the year, Asigna managed a total of $61.51 billion pesos, distributed as follows: 
$35.64 billion in cash from the Initial Margin Contribution Fund, $19.64 billion in Initial Margin 
Contributions in securities, and $5.72 billion in the Compensation Fund. The Minimum Equity 
amounted to $497 million pesos.
The weighted yield on investments from Asigna’s Contribution and Compensation Funds was 
10.8%, only 4 basis points below the Weighted Average Government Funding Rate (WAGFR) 
published by the Bank of Mexico. It is important to emphasize that the risk diversification policy, 
while slightly reducing the weighted yield paid on the funds, ensures that investments align with 
the recommendations of the Principles for Financial Market Infrastructures, reinforcing prudent 
and reliable financial management.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
 
53
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Risk Methodologies
The methodologies used by Asigna for margin calculations rely on statistical 
models that deliver highly robust results, based on a Conditional Value at Risk 
(Expected Shortfall) method with at least 99% confidence. Additionally, the 
Compensation Fund, which Clearing Members are required to contribute to, covers 
the maximum potential loss of the Clearing Member with the greatest market 
exposure, following a Cover 1 approach. These methodologies incorporate stress 
scenarios to assess the resilience of the Safety Net under various conditions of 
high volatility and market pressures. The range of events covered is extensive, 
spanning from historical scenarios to hypothetical ones approved by Asigna’s 
Subcommittee on Admission and Risk Management, ensuring comprehensive 
and forward-looking risk assessment.
Moreover, a range of risks are monitored daily through an active review of 
participant positions, market movements, and the validation of tolerance levels. 
This includes considerations such as haircuts, concentration limits, and open 
position limits. Furthermore, Asigna frequently validates its risk models through 
backtesting processes tailored to each methodology.
Safety Net 
Asigna has a Safety Net in place to address payment defaults by one or more 
market participants. 
Asigna conducts annual simulation exercises on its Safety Net to evaluate the 
adequacy of resources in scenarios involving participant defaults. In 2024, 
Asigna successfully conducted its Safety Net exercise, with the participation of 
Clearing Members, platforms, and MexDer. This exercise tested the policies and 
procedures for default management, risk methodologies, and the available funds. 
The results concluded that the resources were sufficient.
Credit Ratings
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
54
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
2025 Objectives
In 2025, we will focus on strengthening our competitiveness, fostering innovation, 
and ensuring compliance with the highest international standards. The key initiatives 
include:
• New Products: In collaboration with MexDer, we will introduce innovative 
products tailored to the retail market, diversifying offerings and attracting new 
participants.  
• International Recognition: We will seek recognition from the U.S. Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), the regulator for futures and derivatives, 
as a Recognized Foreign Central Counterparty. This will enhance our global 
presence and provide market access to new participants. 
• Technological Transformation:  We will advance technological modernization 
as part of BMV Group’s post-trade strategy, optimizing operational efficiency 
and promoting sustainability.  
• Compliance and Methodologies: We will implement the Unique Product 
Identifier (UPI) and refine risk methodologies to align with the Principles for 
Financial Market Infrastructures (PFMI).  
• Strategic Promotion:  We will strengthen communication and training initiatives 
to build trust and increase Asigna’s visibility in the market.
In 2024, Asigna Clearing and Settlement solidified its leadership in the derivatives 
market through the reaffirmation of its credit ratings by Fitch Ratings and S&P 
Global Ratings, highlighting its robust financial, operational, and strategic 
standing.
Both agencies concurred in highlighting Asigna’s unique role as a cornerstone 
of the Mexican derivatives market, supported by its robust technological 
infrastructure and integration with the BMV Group. These ratings bolster 
confidence in Asigna as a key player in ensuring the stability and efficiency of 
the national financial system.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
55
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

56
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Market Data
By the end of 2024, we serve 258 local and international clients who rely on our 
information (in real-time and delayed formats). Our primary users include Financial 
Groups, Institutional Investors, Algorithmic Traders, Vendors (Redistributing 
Agencies), as well as Local Integral Members.
Indices
In line with the methodology change announced in 2023, this year the rebalancing of the S&P/
BMV IPC sample was performed seamlessly in March and September. Furthermore, in June and 
December, the weightings of its components were adjusted to ensure that our most iconic index 
remains up-to-date and aligns with market dynamics.
ESG Indices
BMV Group’s comprehensive ESG strategy is being reinforced through the development of 
specialized indices to position itself as the leading benchmark for sustainable investment in 
Mexico. These indexes provide investors with access to investment vehicles aligned with ESG 
criteria, available on the BMV, thereby promoting the integration of responsible and sustainable 
practices within the Mexican financial market. We currently offer three ESG Equity Indices and 
one for Fixed-Income Market.
The use and redistribution of our information 
provides unparalleled global exposure, reaching 
over 98,000 terminals worldwide. This year, 
we continued to see robust growth in our user 
base, fueled by an expanding interest in serving 
the dynamic retail segment.
BMV Group’s commercial strategy, implemented 
through its Market Data division, has enhanced 
global distribution capabilities, supported by 
a technology platform capable of processing 
large volumes of information.
During 2024, we focused on identifying 
alternatives to introduce a new connectivity mechanism for the low-latency 
network, which includes the following: 
• Access to a private network 
• Physical and virtual hosting
• Real-time analytics and historical transactional data.
This option will be available in 2025.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
57
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
The companies included in the ESG indices adhere to high sustainability standards and meet specific liquidity criteria, as outlined in each index’s methodology. This ensures that the indices 
are both replicable and investable. ESG ratings, calculated annually by S&PDJI, are used to update the index sample, a process conducted on the third Friday of each June.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
58
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Key Projects in 2024
Throughout 2024, the department remained focused on one of its key projects: optimizing the Data Warehouse (DWH). This initiative aims to improve response times through more efficient 
query processes, effectively meeting market demands.  
Another significant achievement was the improvement and redesign of several products, notably the new version of the Market Maker Report and the Operational Report for issuers, 
providing users with updated and value-added information.  
In line with international operational trends, we began developing a project to update the Stock Exchange’s Sector Classification Catalogue. This update includes adding a new sector for 
REITs (Fibras) to foster organized and sustainable market growth while aligning with global standards.  
Finally, we contributed to the promotion of financial literacy by launching a social media campaign with monthly posts. This initiative aims to support participants in understanding indexes 
and key market movements while further strengthening the presence of BMV Group content on digital platforms.
Since its launch in June 2020, the S&P/BMV Total Mexico ESG Index has become a key market benchmark. Below is a comparative analysis of its cumulative performance vs. the S&P/
BMV IPC, highlighting the ESG index’s strong results.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
59
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

60
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
In 2024, Valmer’s revenue increased by 9% compared to the previous year, 
driven by strong sales, new product launches, and the acquisition of new clients. 
Notably, in 2023, Valmer benefited from extraordinary income generated through 
additional business ventures. These ventures were gradually phased out in 2024, 
which contributed to a significant boost in profitability. 
This year has been marked by significant growth in our client portfolio, with the 
addition of 16 new clients. Combined with curve products developed based on 
the new reference rates, these account for 21% of our new revenue.
ValRisk 2.0
In 2024, we completed 10 system updates, enhancing the calculation of risk 
metrics to accommodate the growing robustness of our clients’ portfolios. 
Additionally, the system was implemented for two new clients, with an average 
implementation time of approximately two weeks, including training. In 2025, we 
will continue ongoing software updates and focus on designing and structuring 
the system to integrate it into the ValmerApify API suite.
Focus on Innovation
We continue to work on integrating Data Science and Machine Learning tools into 
our information services, as these will play a major role in enhancing our clients’ 
decision-making processes. These technologies enable the analysis of large 
data volumes, identifying patterns and trends to boost customer satisfaction 
and loyalty. At the same time, process automation reduces operational costs 
and improves efficiency, allowing our analysts to focus on strategic tasks.
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
 
61
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Customer Service 
At BMV Group, Customer Service is the cornerstone of our philosophy, 
reflecting our commitment to placing clients at the heart of everything we 
do. Guided by our deep expertise and a strong culture of service, we strive to 
understand their unique needs and deliver impactful solutions that truly make 
a difference. By honoring our commitments and anticipating challenges, we 
aim to not only meet but exceed expectations but also pave the way for a 
stronger and more resilient market.
In 2024, a customer satisfaction assessment was conducted using the NPS 
(Net Promoter Score) methodology, achieving a score of 77 points for BMV 
Group as a whole.
The results of the initial assessment were thoroughly analyzed with each business area. Based on the feedback received, a comprehensive action plan was developed to implement 
solutions aimed at enhancing service quality and customer satisfaction levels. This effort led to a 2-point improvement in the second half of the year. 
Developing Markets Capital Formation Indeval CCV Asigna Market Data Valmer Customer ServiceEquity Trading Derivatives OTC Trading
62
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

 
63
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Thanks to our nine business lines, we have successfully diversified and consolidated 
multiple income streams, enabling us to maintain a solid and resilient financial 
structure. 
This distribution not only optimizes our resources but also provides the flexibility to 
adapt to market changes and tackle economic challenges with greater innovation 
and sustainable growth, ensuring the long-term profitability of our business.
Financial Results
Financial Results Market Relationship
Financial Solidity 
64
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Cumulative Income Statement as of December 31st, 2024¹

 
65
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Revenue by Business Line
[201-1], [201-4]
Capital Market Trading (BMV)
The annual revenue from capital market operations amounted to MXN$298 million, 
reflecting a growth of MXN$25 million or 9% compared to 2023. The Average 
Daily Trading Volume (ADTV) in 2024 reached MXN$15.708 billion, increasing 
9% in the local market and decreasing 3% in the global market. Global market 
participation during 2024 was 37%.
In the last quarter of 2024, our market share reached 78%, while for the entire 
year, it averaged 80%. Both metrics are 2 percentage points lower than the prior 
year. However, the impact of new competitor pricing on market share has not 
been significant.
Central Securities Counterparty  (CCV)
CCV recorded an annual revenue of MXN$208 million, MXN$13 million or 7% 
higher than in 2023. The Average Daily Trading Volume (ADTV) for the entire 
Mexican capital market in 2024 was MXN$19.7 billion, reflecting a 9% increase 
compared to 2023.
Derivatives Market Trading  (MexDer)
In the year-on-year comparison, MexDer’s revenue reached MXN$102 million, 
MXN$2 million or 2% higher than the previous year’s results, primarily due to more 
information sales. The transition to the new benchmark rate explains the lower 
activity in TIIE swaps. 
Derivatives Counterparty and Clearing House  (Asigna)
Asigna’s revenues amounted to MXN $154 million, MXN $38 million or 33% more 
than in 2023, mainly due to higher balances in Margin Deposits and a one-time 
increase in swaps transactions due to the new reference rate. Margin deposits (IMCs) grew by 
35%, averaging MXN$48 billion throughout the year. Asigna charges 2 basis points on the average 
monthly balance of margin deposits, in addition to applying a settlement fee that varies depending 
on the type of contract traded.
OTC Trading  (SIF ICAP)
Annual revenues in 2024 reached 697 million pesos, 39 million pesos or 5% lower than the previous 
year. 
• Revenues from SIF ICAP México decreased by MXN$21 million owing to lower activity in OTC 
markets, primarily in institutional flows and MéxiCO2. 
• Revenues from SIF ICAP Chile decreased by MXN$18 million because of the exchange rate effect 
mentioned previously. Lower performance in this business directly impacts personnel expenses 
because of the variable compensation structure at SIF ICAP .
Capital Formation
The annual result for 2024 from listing fees amounted to MXN$76 million, reflecting an increase 
of MXN$4 million or 6% compared to 2023. The number of issuances in the short- and long-term 
debt markets grew by 12% and decreased by 23%, respectively, compared to 2023, with placement 
amounts rising by 23% and declining by 12%, respectively. In the capital markets, highlights include 
the primary public offerings and private certificate placements carried out by Fibra Prologis, totaling 
MXN$9.6 billion and Fibra Mty, totaling MXN$7.8 billion. 
Revenues are not directly proportional to the placement amount, as there is a maximum fee based 
on the issuance amount and the type of instrument.
Financial Results Market Relationship
Financial Solidity 
66
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
To access the Audited Financial Statements for the year 2024 of the Mexican 
Stock Exchange, prepared by Ernst & Young Global Limited, visit the official BMV 
website or click on the following link:   https://www.bmv.com.mx/es/Grupo_BMV/
Reportes_financieros/_rid/506?viewPage=REPORTE_FINANCIERO_DICTAMEN

 
67
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Tax Disclosure – Other Countries
[201-4], [207-2], [207-3], [207-4], [415-1]
Financial Results Market Relationship
Financial Solidity 
68
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Fiscal Transparency
[201-4], [207-1], [207-2], [207-3]
Our Tax Policy has been instrumental in establishing guidelines that shape BMV Group’s fiscal approach, enabling us to identify associated risks and develop a prevention plan, as well as 
an appropriate control framework.
In 2024, BMV Group did not receive any form of financial assistance from government institutions.
Financial Results Market Relationship
Financial Solidity 
69
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

70
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Market Relationship: Proximity, Strategy, and 
Growth
Constant engagement with key stakeholders, especially our shareholders, is one 
of the cornerstones of our strong governance. For us, it is essential to build solid 
relationships that generate long-term value through deep market knowledge and 
clear, effective communication that fosters transparency and trust with investors. 
We achieve this through our Investor Relations team, which over the course of 
the year held meetings with more than 200 institutional investors, primarily 
from Mexico, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and Brazil. These 
meetings allow us not only to share the Company’s results and key initiatives but 
also to understand the interests, needs, and concerns of shareholders and other 
key stakeholders (clients, employees, and regulators).
As a result of these efforts, in 2024 we were recognized in Institutional Investor’s 
annual ranking in the following categories:
• “Compañías Más Reconocidas (Most Honored Companies)” 
• “Best Company Board”
• “Mejor Equipo de Relación con Inversionistas (Best IR Team)”
These recognitions reflect the leadership and track record that the Group has 
established in favor of its shareholders, companies, society, and the development 
of financial markets in Mexico. 
Aware of the importance of ESG factors in building a portfolio, we have included 
Sustainability as part of the agenda in our meetings with investors, highlighting the 
initiatives the Group has undertaken both within the Company and in the financial 
markets in Mexico. 
Along the same lines, we have responded to various ESG questionnaires submitted 
by institutional investors and global rating agencies, among which the Corporate 
Sustainability Assessment by Standard & Poor’s stands out. In 2024, we were 
again included in the ‘Sustainability Yearbook,’ which recognizes companies with 
the best ESG performance worldwide. We also achieved second place in the ALAS20 ranking as 
a ‘Sustainability Leader Company - Mexico”.
The Investor Relations section of BMV Group’s website serves as the main source of information, 
updated periodically. It reports all financial information, operational reports, presentations, relevant 
events, meeting calls, recordings of quarterly conferences, and other relevant information for 
decision-making.
Over the course of the year, the BOLSAA stock was covered by 12 specialized analysts from the 
following institutions: 
For more information regarding the recommendations from our coverage analysts, please visit 
the following link: 
https://www.bmv.com.mx/en/investor-relations/analysts-coverage 
Financial Results Market Relationship
Financial Solidity 
 
71
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Earnings, Dividend & Payout Repurchase Fund
Note: The Board authorized the proposal for the 2024 dividend 
payment amounting to MXN$2.05 per share, which will be 
presented to the Shareholders’ Meeting in April 2025. 
During 2024, 9.7 million shares were purchased, representing an investment of MXN$307.1 million.
Main Shareholders6 
5Total Shareholder Return 
6Source: Bloomberg. As of December 31st, 2024. 
Shareholding Structure
76% of BOLSAA’s shares are free float, 20% belong to 
the controlling trust, and 4% are held in treasury as a 
result of the share repurchase. The institutions that 
are part of the controlling trust include BBVA, Banorte, 
Santander, Inbursa, JP Morgan, Valores Mexicanos, 
Value, and Vector.
Financial Results Market Relationship
Financial Solidity 
72
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Investor Relations
For more information:
bmvinvestors@grupobmv.com.mx

73
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
  1Disaster Recovery Plan, por sus siglas en inglés.

74
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Technological Capital
For BMV Group, technology serves as a cornerstone for driving the growth and development of Mexico’s equities and derivatives markets. Continuous platform updates and the deploy-
ment of advanced technological infrastructure enhance the speed and security of operations, delivering a comprehensive and high-value proposition.
 
Main Trends
Identifying key trends in financial markets and operational dynamics allows us to deliver cutting-edge solutions, supported by state-of-the-art technology and innovative services. In 
2024, BMV Group focused on the following trends, which have been pivotal to its growth and operations:
These trends not only drive financial inclusion 
by improving access to services but also pave 
the way for innovations that tackle persistent 
challenges in the financial sector. Collectively, 
they are transforming the industry into one that 
is more accessible, efficient, and responsive to 
the diverse needs of its users.
Technological Capital Information Security Innovation and Technological Development 
 
75
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Our Technology Platforms FN-EX410a.1, FN-EX550a.1, FN-EX550a.3
During 2024, we reinforced the resilience and reliability of BMV Group’s technology platforms, achieving the following outcomes:
Technological Capital Information Security Innovation and Technological Development 
76
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Incident Management
All incidents occurring on the platforms are addressed through the Incident Management process implemented at BMV Group, which is based on industry best practices. Major incidents 
with priority levels P1 and P2 are handled through the Major Incident Management (MIM) subprocess, which follows a defined escalation protocol to ensure timely attention and swift 
service restoration.
The procedure to be followed is illustrated in the diagram below:
Technological Capital Information Security Innovation and Technological Development 
 
77
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Technology Strategic Plan [103-2], [103-3]
In 2024, we continued to build on the 2020-2025 Technology Strategic Plan. Designed to ensure the reliability of our operations, this plan supports the growth of existing businesses while 
creating opportunities for new ventures by fostering innovation and exploration. Structured around four key pillars and nine IT programs, it aligns closely with the Organization’s overall 
strategy, driving progress and excellence.
We also developed the 2025-2030 Plan, which was presented to and approved by the Board of Directors. This plan aims to build on previously established objectives and drive business 
growth by:
Additionally, three cross-cutting objectives were established to support the achievement of the defined strategic plan. These objectives are: cost efficiency, continuous technical updates, 
and cybersecurity.
It is important to note that if any adjustments are made to BMV Group’s strategy, corresponding adaptations to the Technology Plan will be required to meet new needs. In this regard, 
the Deputy Managing Director of IT will conduct an analysis based on industry best practices and present it to the Business Managing Directors, General Management, and Presidency for 
approval. The proposal will subsequently be submitted to the Technology Committee and the Board of Directors for final approval. 
This procedure ensures the alignment of technological solutions with business expectations, actively involving key and strategic stakeholders.
Technological Capital Information Security Innovation and Technological Development 
78
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Technology Projects
[203-1]
Project management is performed using a dual-methodology approach: traditional 
and agile. Both methodologies encompass key phases, including project 
initiation, planning, execution, and closure. In addition to these methodologies, 
specialized project management tools are utilized, and there is a dedicated Center 
of Excellence (CoE) for Projects. The CoE provides support to the areas involved, 
offering guidance on processes, tools, and project budget management.
In 2024, our portfolio comprised 33 projects, 16 of which were completed during the year, while 17 remain active.
 2024 Portfolio Projects
The Project Management Policy identifies and defines the following types of initiatives:
Technological Capital Information Security Innovation and Technological Development 
 
79
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Effectiveness Measurement
Projects are evaluated based on a model that considers Initiation, Execution, and Outcomes.
The prompt initiation of projects, alongside their alignment with schedule, scope, and budget, are carefully assessed and the tangible benefits delivered by each project are closely measured. 
These evaluations, conducted mid-year and at year-end, are reported by the Project Office through the human capital platform. This ensures that critical insights are effectively shared with 
Operational, Managerial, and Executive teams.
Technological Capital Information Security Innovation and Technological Development 
80
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Information Security
At BMV Group, we recognize the strategic importance of Information Security in our 
business processes and services. We regard it as one of our most vital assets for 
achieving our objectives and upholding the principles of confidentiality, integrity, 
and availability of information.
We are also acutely aware of the need for continuous innovation in frameworks 
that strengthen our systems and infrastructure. To this end, having state-of-the-
art hardware and software is essential to ensure operational continuity for our 
clients and enhance our competitiveness in the financial market, including the 
deployment of applications and services under a cloud-based mode.
Main milestones in 2024:
• Formalization of the Information Security Department as a Directorate.
• Improvements in Monitoring Tools and Services. Enhancements in the 
configuration of internal and vendor-supported monitoring tools strengthen 
the supervision of critical infrastructure and systems.
• Connection Requirements Update. Continuous review and updates ensure 
participants adhere to best practices in cybersecurity and information 
security.
• Synergy between Cyber Intelligence and Monitoring Tools.
• High Availability of Information Security Tools (SDI).
• Tabletop Cybersecurity Testing. Alongside internal tests, tabletop exercises 
with executive-level participation yielded successful results and actionable 
insights to further improve cyber resilience.
• Regulatory Framework Updates. Revised to align with the latest versions of 
international standards.
Information Security Regulatory Framework
The Information Security Regulatory Framework of BMV Group is a dynamic document, updated 
every two years or as required by the evolving needs of the Group. This Framework encompasses 
the Institutional Policy and Information Security Standards, which are based on ISO 27001:2022 
and aligned with ISO/IEC 27001 standards. 
The Institutional Policy and Standards are readily accessible to all employees through a dedicated 
Information Security section on BMV Group’s intranet. This includes comprehensive guidelines 
and frameworks, covering.
• Institutional Information Security Policy
• Information Security Management
• Human Factor Security
• Information Asset Management
• Logical Access Control
• Physical and Environmental Security
• Operations Security
• Communications Security
• Security in the Acquisition, Development, and Maintenance of Information Systems
• Third-Party-Related Security
• Information Security Incident Management
• Information Security Requirements in Business Continuity Management
• Compliance Standards for Information Security
• Vulnerability Analysis and Penetration Testing Standards
Information Security Governance
Technological Capital Information Security Innovation and Technological Development 
 
81
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Ongoing Assessment 
As part of our continuous evaluation efforts, annual Vulnerability Analyses and 
Penetration Tests are conducted with the support of specialized third-party experts. 
These tests assess the detection and response capabilities of both technological 
tools and responsible personnel against potential cyberattacks, further strengthening 
the security of our IT infrastructure. 
Furthermore, every three years, an independent specialist performs a comprehensive 
assessment to evaluate the maturity level of our processes. Based on this assessment, 
recommendations are provided and incorporated into our work program as needed. 
The next assessment is scheduled for the upcoming year.
Continuous Awareness and Training 
Fostering a strong Information Security culture is essential. To achieve this, 
a continuous and updated awareness campaign is conducted using diverse 
communication channels which address the most common scenarios in real 
cyberattacks.
This year 89% of the staff participated in both the virtual sessions and the final evaluation and the average 
score was 9.3. 
It is important to highlight that Information Security is a key component of employee Performance Evaluations, 
addressing various scenarios that may have an impact on the Company’s operations. 
These scenarios include:
• Employees who repeatedly fail the monthly phishing simulations, designed to keep users alert, are flagged 
for improvement.
• Failure to Complete or Pass the Annual SDI Assessment.
• Non-Adherence to the SDI Framework. 
If any employee falls into one or more of these scenarios, sanctions will be applied ranging from a warning 
to the withholding of up to 100% of the percentage allocated to SDI within the total individual performance 
bonus.
Incidents
To prevent technological errors and security breaches, we conduct regular reviews and updates of our 
regulatory framework. We also maintain continuous monitoring of systems and infrastructure, enabling 
us to promptly identify and manage information security-related incidents. Incidents are reported through 
the Service Desk, where they are reviewed by a specialist. If malicious activity is detected, the appropriate 
response and remediation process is immediately triggered.
In 2024, there were no ,customers. clients, which is a testament to the robustness of our security measures and proactive 
approach.     
2025 Focus
• Strengthening Information Security Tools and Services. We will continue enhancing information security 
tools and services that help elevate our maturity level and reinforce our defenses.
• Regulatory Framework Update. The entire regulatory framework will undergo an update to align with the 
latest versions of international standards, ensuring we stay ahead in compliance and best practices.
• Independent Cybersecurity Assessment. An independent evaluation by a cybersecurity specialist will be 
conducted to validate our maturity level, considering administrative, technical, and operational controls. 
Any applicable recommendations will be addressed as part of our ongoing commitment to excellence.
In 2024, Information Security Week was 
held, focusing on Incident Management and 
Artificial Intelligence. The training included 
a range of activities for employees, such as 
virtual sessions (a total of 9 hours) featuring 
specialized providers, phishing simulations, 
security infographics, and a final evaluation 
for all staff. These initiatives are designed 
to reinforce knowledge and ensure that 
employees are well-prepared to respond to 
potential suspicious events.
Technological Capital Information Security Innovation and Technological Development 
82
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

 
83
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance 
[2-9], [2-10], [2-11], [2-12], [2-13], 
[2-14], [2-15], [2-16], [2-18], [2-20] - FN-EX-510a.2 
A solid corporate governance framework is essential to ensure transparency, efficiency, 
and sustainability within a company. Through well-defined structures and practices, 
decision-making, risk management, and the trust of investors and stakeholders are 
strengthened. A robust governance model not only guarantees regulatory compliance 
but also drives long-term growth, value creation, and positive impact on the economy 
and society. In this regard, the role of the Board of Directors is crucial, as it is the body 
responsible for approving BMV Group’s strategy for the proper management of our 
business and the companies we control. 
The diversity of profiles, professional experience, gender, and age makes our Board a 
balanced body enriched by a cross-section of perspectives and approaches focused 
on value creation.
Corporate Governance Guidelines
Our Board of Directors adheres to Corporate Governance Guidelines aligned with 
the best international practices, designed to strengthen its functions and ensure 
transparent and efficient management. These guidelines cover key aspects such 
as the Board’s composition, duties, eligibility criteria, diversity, relationship with the 
company, and conflict of interest management. They also establish expectations 
for ethical conduct, guidelines for securities transactions, procedures for Board 
and Committee meetings, as well as the CEO succession plan.
The BMV Group Board is required to meet at least four times during each fiscal 
year, or whenever convened by its chairperson, at least 25% of the Board Members, 
or the Auditor.
Board Composition
According to the Securities Market Law (LMV), at least 25% of the members of the 
Board of Directors of a Public Limited Company must be independent. Currently, 
8 out of the 15 proprietary members —equivalent to 53%— hold this status and periodically confirm 
compliance with the independence requirements outlined in our Corporate Bylaws, which are based 
on applicable regulations and best practices in Corporate Governance. 
In accordance with our Corporate Bylaws, 51% of the Board Members and at least a majority of 
the members of each of our committees must be independent. The Audit Committee and the 
Corporate Practices Committee must also consist entirely of independent Board Members, while 
the Disciplinary, Oversight, Regulatory, and Issuer Securities Listing Committees must be composed 
exclusively of independent members.
Eligibility and Diversity 
The Board of Directors aims to ensure diversity in professional backgrounds, experience, and 
gender, while also requiring extensive knowledge and expertise in financial, legal, administrative, 
sustainability, and risk management matters, as well as an understanding of BMV Group’s 
businesses. 
The Board considers the periodic, staggered rotation of its Independent Directors a desirable 
practice, without compromising the values of continuity and stability. Therefore, it is preferable that 
Independent Directors are not reelected for more than five terms and, under no circumstances, for 
more than ten cycles.. 
Board Member Induction 
All newly appointed Directors receive comprehensive orientation from the Chief Executive Officer 
and the Group’s Legal Department, ensuring they have the necessary knowledge to perform their 
duties. Key materials are provided to facilitate their integration and understanding of the business. 
We also encourage their active participation and in-depth knowledge of the company through visits 
and meetings with management and officials at various levels.
 
Performance Evaluation 
It is the responsibility of the Board of Directors to conduct annual evaluations of its overall 
performance, as well as self-assessments for each board member, in the areas of strategy, risk 
management, ethics, and relationships with stakeholders. The purpose of these evaluations is 
to make decisions and take actions that will result in the greatest benefit for the Company, its 
board, and senior management. Furthermore, the Board of Directors will determine the method for 
conducting these evaluations and the individual responsible for conducting them.
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance
84
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
In 2024, the periodic evaluation of Board Members was conducted by BMV Group’s Regulatory Compliance 
Department, acting as an independent third party to strengthen its structure, strategy, monitoring, and 
management. This evaluation also included an analysis of the percentage of time spent on the organization’s 
key topics, which is reflected as follows.
Time Allocated to the Board
It is advisable for Board Members to personally attend at least 75% of the sessions scheduled during their 
term, rather than sending representatives or proxies.
Independent Directors of the Company and/or its subsidiaries should avoid serving on more than five boards 
of directors or committees of other companies or business groups. For this purpose, subsidiaries or affiliates 
belonging to a business group or consortium will be considered as a single board of directors.
 In 2024, five regular sessions were held, with 95% attendance by Board Members, addressing an average 
of eight topics per session.
Board Member Compensation
The Nomination and Compensation Committee of BMV is responsible for proposing to the Shareholders’ Meeting a slate of candidates whom they deem suitable to form the Company’s 
Board of Directors, as well as the remuneration for its members. Currently, as compensation for fulfilling their role, each Board Member receives, in local currency and after-tax deductions, 
the cash equivalent of two commemorative gold coins for attending each Board meeting.
 
Conflicts of Interest
Any transaction representing a conflict of interest must be disclosed to the Stock Exchange administration for analysis in accordance with the company’s policies, determination of the 
conflict, and subsequent steps. If the transaction requires the approval of the Audit Committee, it will be submitted to the Committee for evaluation and, if appropriate, approval. Matters 
related to conflicts of interest are communicated to stakeholders, including cross-shareholding, membership on different boards, the presence of controlling shareholders, and related 
parties.
Board members may or may not be shareholders and must comply with the requirements set forth in the Securities Market Law. They will receive the remuneration determined by the 
Shareholders’ Meeting.
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance
The Mexican Stock Exchange Board
Board Composition as of December 31st, 2024
Competencies Matrix
Board Composition as of December 31st, 2024
 
87
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
The Board of Directors in Numbers
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance
88
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Mexican Stock Exchange Committees  
The Board of Directors has 9 support Committees: Audit, Corporate Practices, Member Admission, Issuer Securities Listing, Oversight, Regulatory, Disciplinary, Technology, as well as 
Nominations and Compensation. Notably, the Audit and Corporate Practices Committees must be entirely comprised of Independent Directors. Likewise, the Disciplinary, Oversight, 
Regulatory, and Issuer Securities Listing Committees are exclusively made up of Independent Members, ensuring objectivity and impartiality in their functions.
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance
 
89
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Boards and Committees of BMV Group
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance
90
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
For more information on the Board of Directors and Committees of Indeval, MexDer, CCV, and Asigna, click on each of their logos.
*Independent Board Member
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance
 
91
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Regulatory Compliance 
Throughout its 130-year history, BMV Group has distinguished itself as an 
institution committed to the highest ethical standards, which are fundamental 
to its operations and organizational culture. These principles are not only part of 
its philosophy but are practiced daily, reflected in the actions and decisions of its 
employees, as well as their interactions with authorities, suppliers, and clients, 
ensuring an environment of trust, transparency, and responsibility in its activities.
With the aim of further strengthening our commitment to regulatory 
compliance and organizational ethics, in 2024 the Compliance area undertook 
activities focused on consolidating the Compliance Management System, which 
is designed to ensure adherence to current regulations, and foster a culture 
of ethical and diligent conduct among all executives, employees, and other 
participants connected to BMV Group.
The initiatives implemented during the year not only reinforced compliance with 
the regulatory obligations of BMV Group companies but also identified areas for 
improvement in adherence to applicable regulations and rolled out responsible 
and transparent practices across all areas of the Group. Among these efforts, 
the following stand out:
• Coordination of the biannual external audit on compliance with SPEI 
obligations
• Development of a proposed evaluation methodology for service providers 
related to SPEI
• Creation of a procedural manual to fulfill the functions of the SPEI Regulatory 
Compliance Officer
• Update of the Mexican Stock Exchange’s Regulatory Control Policy and its 
monitoring framework
• Comprehensive review and update of BMV Group’s Regulatory Obligations 
Matrix, incorporating diverse obligations established by both internal and 
external regulations
• Continuous and ongoing verification of obligations applicable to BMV Group companies, 
alongside the follow-up of findings, irregularities, and non-compliance with external and internal 
regulations
• Implementation of a new due diligence methodology as a control mechanism to prevent 
transactions involving resources of illicit origin
• Review and update of the data protection controls established for BMV Group
• Response to information requests and inquiries from authorities, internal areas, and employees
• Handling complaints, suggestions, and reports submitted through institutional channels and 
mechanisms
Code of Ethics and Conduct
[2-15] 
The BMV Group Code of Ethics and Conduct provides a comprehensive framework that guides staff 
[2-15], [2-16], [2-26], [2-27], [205-1], [205-2], 
[205-3], [206-1], FN-EX510a.1 
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance
92
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
interactions with other employees and various stakeholders. This document not only outlines the essential principles governing the Group’s business conduct with clients and suppliers but 
also covers key aspects related to business development, relationships with society, regulatory authorities, and the environment.
Its content includes clear guidelines to prevent and report negative behaviors such as acts of corruption and bribery. In this regard, it highlights BMV Group’s Anti-Corruption and Anti-
Money Laundering Policy, which is a comprehensive strategy applied across all the Group’s companies and is publicly available on the BMV Group website. This Policy establishes specific 
mechanisms for reporting harmful practices and identifying money laundering activities.
It is also worth noting that the Code addresses the issue of conflicts of interest, identifying potential situations and providing guidelines for managing them. Committed to competitiveness 
under ethical and fair principles, the Code also extends to BMV Group’s suppliers and includes a statement to uphold these standards across the Group’s companies.
To ensure transparency and encourage participation, the Code establishes a number of channels for receiving complaints, grievances, and suggestions from both employees and external 
stakeholders. These channels include Suggestion Boxes, personalized attention provided by the Compliance team, and the  Anonymous Reporting Line,  available 24 hours a day, year-
round. This last channel allows reports to be communicated in real-time to the person responsible for the Compliance.
Any violation of the Code of Ethics entails sanctions, which are determined in accordance with the provisions established in the document. 
 
As of the end of 2024, the following data was recorded:
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance
 
93
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Treatment of Privileged and Confidential Information 
At BMV Group, we have a number of measures in place to protect this type of 
information, which are primarily outlined in the Code of Ethics and Conduct and 
reflected in governance policies, personal data protection, information security, 
and document and information handling. Through these measures, BMV Group 
aims to safeguard the integrity of the information accessible to employees in the 
course of their duties. 
The protection of information also encompasses all physical and digital measures 
adopted to ensure that it is neither accessible nor modified by unauthorized 
individuals. Furthermore, within the aforementioned regulatory framework, we 
emphasize that all information generated within BMV Group is the exclusive 
property of the Group, and as such, it is considered confidential.
As for insider information, which is defined in the Securities Market Act as relevant 
events that have not been disclosed to the public by the issuer or simplified issuer 
through the stock exchange where their securities are listed, and which, if made 
public, could influence market behavior, it is handled within BMV Group with a 
high level of confidentiality. 
Only a restricted group of authorized individuals has access to insider information. 
Any misuse of such information, including its disclosure or exploitation for 
personal gain, is prohibited by both external and internal regulations applicable 
to BMV Group companies, as well as by our Code of Ethics and Conduct and 
the Securities Operations Manual. Such misuse may result in severe sanctions, 
both internal and external, jeopardizing the Group’s reputation and regulatory 
compliance.
Furthermore, in accordance with the Code of Ethics, employees must always 
avoid publishing (on social media or any other platform) personal data or opinions 
involving work or business matters that could potentially reveal Confidential and/
or Insider Information. It is understood that external institutional communication 
is conducted solely through the channels established in internal regulations and 
by the officials authorized for this purpose.
Anti-Corruption and Anti-Money Laundering Principles and Practices
 
[205-1], [205-2], [205-3] 
Our Anti-Corruption and Anti-Money Laundering Policy (Anti-Corruption Policy) establishes a 
comprehensive approach that reinforces BMV Group’s institutional commitment to preventing 
corruption and avoiding operations involving illicit resources, such as money laundering. This Policy 
addresses key aspects such as conflicts of interest, gifts, benefits, donations, sponsorships, bribes, 
extortion, and measures for Anti-Money Laundering (AML), all of which are considered significant 
risks associated with corruption.
BMV Group strictly adheres to the provisions outlined in the donations and sponsorship section of 
the Policy, which stipulates that such actions may only be carried out with entities or institutions 
authorized as donnees, in accordance with applicable regulations. If practices contrary to these 
guidelines are detected, the conditions, consequences, and severity of the conduct will be assessed, 
and necessary actions will be taken in accordance with the Code of Ethics, the Anti-Corruption 
Policy, and current regulations.
It is important to note that current Mexican legislation on AML does not apply to BMV Group 
companies due to their legal structure. However, as part of our commitment to the highest ethical 
and transparency standards, we have decided to incorporate these guidelines into our regulatory 
framework. This Policy is publicly accessible and available to anyone interested through the 
websites of BMV Group companies. 
Additionally, it is important to highlight that during 2024, no incidents of corruption were recorded, 
nor were any donations or sponsorships made to public officials or political parties.
Treatment and Protection of Personal Data 
 [418-1]
BMV Group is responsible for the management, control, and protection of personal data under its 
handling. This data is grouped into two main categories: (i) personal data of employees and (ii) 
personal data of clients and suppliers with whom contact is maintained for service purposes.
For the handling of this information, BMV Group has established guidelines for the processing of 
personal data, as outlined in the Data Policy for the Handling and Protection of Personal Data and 
BMV Group’s Privacy Notice. These documents detail the specific purposes for the use of the data 
collected. The main category of data collected within BMV Group is related to the identification 
and contact information of clients and suppliers.
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance
94
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
For the treatment of this information, BMV Group has established guidelines for 
the processing of personal data, as outlined in the Data Policy for the Treatment 
and Protection of Personal Data and BMV Group’s Privacy Notice. These 
documents detail the specific purposes for the use of the data collected. The 
main category of data collected within BMV Group is related to the identification 
and contact information of clients and suppliers.
Personal data is retained only for the time necessary to fulfill the commercial or 
legal relationship that led to its collection. Subsequently, in accordance with our 
Policy, the information is kept inactive for a period of 5 years, during which its 
security is ensured through technological measures implemented by the Group’s 
Information Security area, as well as administrative measures aligned with our 
internal regulations.
At BMV Group each area is responsible for the handling of the personal data 
it collects, designating specific personnel to ensure its proper management 
in accordance with the terms established in the Policy. In this context, the 
Compliance area plays a key role in overseeing adherence to both internal and 
external regulations related to data protection. This includes conducting periodic 
evaluations and updates regarding the number of data subjects within the 
organization. Furthermore, as mentioned in a previous section, during 2024, the 
Compliance area conducted training sessions on information confidentiality for 
all employees, which included a specific module on the protection and handling 
of personal data.
Through the Privacy Notice, BMV Group companies inform data subjects about the mechanisms 
for exercising their Rights of Access, Rectification, Cancellation, and Opposition (ARCO Rights), 
as well as the safeguards applied to their information and the internal data protection guidelines. 
This Notice is available on the websites of the Group’s companies.
It is important to highlight that any non-compliance related to the protection of personal data is 
considered a high-priority matter, and specific sanctions will be applied as necessary. In the event 
of a breach, appropriate measures will be taken to protect personal data, and data subjects will 
be notified about the potential vulnerability. In this regard, it is relevant to note that during 2024, 
no complaints were recorded regarding breaches or violations of personal data privacy.
Treatment of Electronic Documents and Information 
[205-1], [205-2], [205-3] 
BMV Group is committed to ensuring the proper handling of information and the efficient use 
of the Organization’s resources, viewing these as priority obligations for all employees in the 
performance of their duties. The information generated within the Group is a strategic asset of 
high value and confidential nature, and it is the exclusive property of the Organization.
To ensure effective information management and optimization of available technological 
resources, the Policy for the Handling of Documents and Electronic Information, known as the 
Document Management Policy, has been established.
Transparency Mailbox (Anonymous Reporting Line) 
[202-26] 
With the aim of strengthening corporate governance and compliance practices, as well as 
encouraging employee participation, BMV Group has the Transparency Mailbox (Anonymous 
Reporting Line). This tool enables anyone to report illegal or inappropriate behaviors, such as 
bribery, corruption, harassment (sexual, workplace, verbal, psychological, among others), poor 
labor practices, and discrimination.
This reporting and transparency mechanism is divided into two main communication channels:
 
• Transparency Mailbox  (Anonymous Reporting Line): available to BMV Group employees, 
suppliers, clients, shareholders of the companies, and/or third parties. Reports can be 
In 2024, we trained all 
our employees on Information
Confidentiality topics
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance
 
95
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
submitted by accessing the link https://bmv.alertline.com/gcs/welcome, via 
the icon on BMV Group’s Internet and Intranet pages, or by calling the toll-free 
number 01-800-288-2872 and entering the access code 888-703-0291. This 
service is available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.. 
• Suggestion Boxes: These are strategically located on various floors of the BMV 
Group building and serve as a channel for suggestions, recommendations, 
initiatives, or complaints from BMV Group employees. They can be used either 
physically or via email directed to the Regulatory Compliance area:
 compliance@grupobmv.com.mx 
 
It is important to note that all reports received during 2024 were resolved. Of 
the 53 reports submitted, 51 were anonymous and 2 were filed by identified 
complainants. Additionally, of the total reports, only 37 were related to BMV Group, 
while the rest were requests for guidance or matters unrelated to BMV Group 
companies. The average response time for addressing a report was between 1 
and 3 business days. 
 
All matters received through this channel are addressed and investigated by 
the Compliance area, with the support of the leaders of the areas to which the 
individuals involved belong. The results of the actions taken are promptly reported 
to the Audit Committee of BMV Group.  
Applicable cases were managed in accordance with the established internal processes, considering 
the nature of each report. As a result, disciplinary measures were implemented, including suspension 
without pay and termination of employment.
As a preventive measure, the content of the Code of Ethics was reinforced with internal 
communication materials, emphasizing harassment, bullying, and discrimination.
In 2024, of the total sanctions imposed for violations of the Code of Ethics, only three (one unpaid 
suspension and two written warnings) were the result of an investigation following a non-anonymous 
report. The remaining four sanctions (three employment terminations and one written warning) 
were based on reports filed directly with the Compliance area by the affected individuals.  
Unfair Competition
[206-1] 
During this period, BMV Group’s Compliance area did not identify any significant issues related to 
unfair competition, monopolistic practices, anti-competitive behavior, fraud, insider trading, market 
manipulation, or financial industry malpractice.
Summary of Incidents
Based on the information shared in the previous sections, below we present the number of infringements 
or breaches related to the following topics at BMV Group: 
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance
96
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Regulatory Controllerships
Asigna Comptroller 
During 2024, the Regulatory Comptrollership of Asigna undertook a number of 
regulatory oversight activities, with the main focus being the prevention of deviations 
and non-compliance with the regulations applicable to the Clearinghouse and its 
participants, highlighting the following: 
• Audits conducted on financial institutions responsible for managing a 
Comprehensive Clearing Member, as well as a Proprietary and Third-Party 
Position Clearing Member, aimed at assessing the level of regulatory 
compliance and raising awareness about adherence to regulations through 
the evaluation model implemented by the Comptrollership. These audits 
covered legal, administrative, client, operational, and informational aspects. 
General audit reports were issued to raise awareness among the audited 
entities about significant observations and findings, as well as to help 
strengthen their processes.
 
• Internal review within Asigna:  This year, the focus was on validating 
regulatory compliance with the obligations related to the Clearinghouse, as 
established in the applicable regulations.   
Supervisory exercises were conducted, emphasizing the following key topics:
• Maintenance of credit ratings for Derivatives Market participants 
• Validation of the total users in the Clearinghouse’s clearing and settlement system.  
• Limited supervision of systems and other aspects related to regulatory compliance for the 
applicable regulations of Trading Platforms. 
• Annual review of records in the Derivatives Account System for the cleansing of accounts 
within the system  
Continuing the effort to ensure and assess regulatory compliance, we maintain a dynamic 
management approach,  prioritizing remote validation processes for each review. This approach 
considers the parties involved, considering the availability and level of electronic documentation 
accessible.
• Issuance of bidirectional information notices, which serve as a tool to strengthen and 
manage information in a timely manner. These notices are used to request information, notify 
disciplinary measures, issue warnings to participants, or, where applicable, establish corrective 
actions, reprimands, and financial penalties resulting from non-compliance. During the year, 
the following were issued: 
specific topics analyzed during the 
comprehensive review of compliance 
with the applicable regulatory 
206 
general topics assessed during the 
comprehensive review of compliance 
with the applicable regulatory 
110 
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance
 
97
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
  a) The minimum capital required from obligated participants 
  b) Block trades
  c) Daily operations under the theoretical pricing approach, and
  d) Cancellation of trades
• Review of Notifications Submitted to MexDer by Participants:  In the normal course of their 
activities, Operators and Clearing Members, in their capacity as Operators, submit notifications 
to MexDer to report various relevant events as outlined in MexDer’s Internal Regulations and 
its Policies and Procedures Manual. These notifications were reviewed by personnel assigned 
to the Regulatory Comptrollership to validate compliance with market regulations. In 2024, a 
total of 152 notifications were received and analyzed
• Disciplinary Proceedings: In exercising the supervisory and oversight powers granted to 
MexDer’s Regulatory Comptrollership, alleged non-compliance with market regulations is 
identified. In this regard, follow-up activities were undertaken to address these non-compliance 
issues and initiate disciplinary proceedings. During the 2024 fiscal year, proceedings were 
initiated for alleged non-compliance with MexDer’s regulations, resulting in a reprimand issued 
by the Regulatory Comptrollership. 
• Daily, Monthly, and Annual Financial Information:  In 2024, the Regulatory Comptrollership 
validated the compliance of obligated Operators in submitting financial information, consisting 
of:
• 
a) Daily capitalization reports, validating the minimum capital that participants must invest 
in bank demand deposits, government securities, and/or repurchase agreements on such 
securities.
b) Monthly financial statements, through which situations that could jeopardize the business 
continuity of Operators are identified and, if necessary, monitored.
c) Audited annual financial statements, in which significant corporate events relevant to MexDer 
are detected and, if necessary, followed up on.
• Reports to Collegiate Bodies and the Authority:  On a monthly basis, the Regulatory 
Comptrollership submitted a report to the National Banking and Securities Commission detailing 
the activities conducted.
The Regulatory Comptroller, as the person responsible for monitoring and 
ensuring compliance with applicable regulations, contributed to strengthening the 
regulatory framework by reviewing and issuing modifications to the regulations. 
This was done to establish an updated approach that benefits the clearing and 
settlement processes in the Derivatives Market.
• Report. On a monthly basis, the National Banking and Securities Commission 
was kept informed of the relevant activities of this office, in alignment with 
the reports provided to the Audit Subcommittee and the Technical Committee 
of the Clearinghouse.
MexDer Comptroller
The Regulatory Comptrollership of MexDer is responsible for overseeing 
compliance with the regulations issued by both the competent authorities and 
MexDer itself, in the operations conducted within this market. During 2024, the 
Regulatory Comptrollership performed a number of activities aligned with the 
Annual Work Plan approved by the Audit Committee and ratified by MexDer’s 
Board of Directors, which included the following:
• Execution of Annual Audits and Reviews:  Audits and reviews were conducted 
on 27 participants, involving 93.10% of the market’s active participants.
• Annual Questionnaires, which covered topics such as contracts with 
clearing members and clients, granting and changes in powers of attorney, 
accreditations and terminations of legal representatives, policies and 
procedures, operational records, client portfolios, among others. Derivative 
accounts with potential conflicts of interest, compliance with operational 
requirements, and regulatory obligations were also reviewed. As a result, 
follow-up notices were issued, as well as General Reports detailing the applied 
review processes and their outcomes. 
• Monitoring of the Derivatives Market With support from the Executive 
Directorate of Market Monitoring at BMV Group to conduct activities related 
to the oversight and supervision of all derivatives contract operations. In 
2024, this Directorate performed tasks aimed at validating the following:
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance
98
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Additionally, periodic communications were issued and presented to the Audit 
Committee and the Board of Directors of MexDer, informing them of the relevant 
activities conducted by the Regulatory Comptrollership.
MARKET SURVEILLANCE 
Monitoring of Global and Local Markets
FN-EX-410a.3
With the aim of ensuring best practices in the market, this year a continuous 
supervision and review of behaviors and operations was undertaken focusing 
on the adjustment of processes necessary to execute activities with a view to 
minimizing their potential risks.
Regarding the alerts generated in NMS-SMARTS during the year, there was an 
increase of 4.34% compared to the alerts issued in 2023, due to the market 
conditions observed during the year with specific issuers.
9 Internal Surveillance System 
Derivatives Surveillance
We monitor the operations conducted in the Mexican Derivatives Market with the support of the 
VIGIA MexDer system, which is continuously updated with the current parameters in alignment 
with the regulatory framework of this Exchange.
• Review of Capitalization Levels 
In 2024, the capitalization levels reported daily by the operators were within the range established by 
the regulations. Regarding the designated timeframe for report submission, seven late submissions 
were observed, occurring on different dates. This represents 0.9% of the total submissions during 
the year. No operator accumulated three or more delayed submissions.
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance
 
99
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
• Alerts in Vigia MexDer
During 2024, a 26% increase in the number of transactions was observed compared 
to the previous year. The number of alerts generated rose by approximately 
50% compared to 2023. However, most of these showed minimal variation, 
demonstrating that operations mirrored the natural behavior of the market. The 
following chart highlights the peaks of greatest activity, which coincide with the 
quarterly expirations of futures and options contracts for indices, currencies, 
and stocks.
The figures presented include issuers that, during the year, submitted notifications of 
late information delivery.
Market Monitoring
In 2024, the amount of financial and corporate information reviewed to identify 
potential non-compliance with applicable regulations increased by 8.53% 
compared to 2023.
2024 Information Delivery Numbers:
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance

100
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Listing Maintenance Requirements
As a result of the annual review of compliance with maintenance requirements 
in 185 series of stock issuers, it was identified that 31 of them failed to meet at 
least one of the requirements established by the Exchange. These issuers were 
requested to submit a corrective program aimed at addressing the identified 
deficiencies.
Audit of Intermediaries
With the aim of fostering a balanced and transparent Securities Market for all 
parties involved, periodic audits are conducted on brokerage firms (biennial plan) 
to ensure compliance with and adherence to established regulations. During 2024, 
we conducted 17 audits of the Integral Members of the BMV, ensuring they act 
in accordance with good stock market practices in the formulation of bids and 
the execution of trades, adhering at all times to the provisions established in the 
Internal Regulations of the Bolsa Mexicana de Valores, S.A.B. de C.V.
56 recommendations were issued as a result of this audit that were classified as follows: 
• 54% corresponded to Operational Aspects
• 14% were related to Technical Aspects 
• 32% concerned Contingency Aspects 
Based on the recommendations made to brokerage firms, they have strengthened various 
procedures and internal manuals to prevent potential operational and regulatory risks and/or 
non-compliance.
Investigation 
In 2024, we monitored and analyzed the operations carried out in the stock market. As part of the 
investigation process and in alignment with the conditions of the securities market, 25 unusual 
situations (notifications) were reviewed and evaluated, resulting in 19 investigation files. 
We also conducted daily analyses of alerts from the Surveillance System (NMS-SMARTS) to identify 
situations that might indicate potential misconduct. In 2024, 8,080 scenarios stemming from these 
alerts were reviewed.  
2025 Challenges and Objectives 
The challenges foreseen and those already identified for 2025 will drive us to focus even more 
on strategic outcomes, which will undoubtedly result in the improvement of our activities. In 
line with the guidelines issued by the Surveillance Committee, we consider the following challenges 
for the coming year:
• Implement a comprehensive improvement program for market alerts
• Incorporate into Global Market monitoring the functionality provided by the new versions of 
support tools
• Strengthen the derivatives market by detecting new modalities of potential misconduct
Robust Governance Corporate Governance Regulatory Compliance Regulatory Controllerships Market Surveillance
 
101
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

102
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Business Continuity
BMV Group maintains an ongoing process for business continuity management. 
This practice ensures that recovery procedures are consistent with the current 
state of its companies, minimizing the impacts of improvisation should the 
Business Continuity Plan (BCP) be activated.
During the last quarter, updates were made to the continuity documents for BMV, 
CCV, MexDer, Asigna, Indeval, and Valmer. These updates were based on lessons 
learned from tests, internal and external audits, best international practices, 
recommendations from authorities, and applicable regulations.
Elements of the Plan 
The Business Continuity Plan consists of the following elements:   
• Business Impact Analysis (BIA)
• Risk Scenario Matrix (RA) 
• Continuity Plans; Scenarios and Strategies 
• Communication Protocols and Crisis Management 
• 2024 Testing Schedules 
• Continuity Governance: Groups, Response Teams, Responsibilities 
• Alternate Sites for Operations and Data 
• Reference Framework Considering Standards, Best Practices, and Regulatory 
Requirements 
• Business Impact Analysis Methodology 
• Induction Talks and Training Programs 
• Notification and Collaboration Tools
Business Continuity Tests
Conducting Business Continuity tests is an essential practice to verify the effectiveness of the 
strategies defined in continuity plans for addressing contingencies. The BMV Group schedules 
these tests at the beginning of the year, ensuring coverage of all identified contingency scenarios.
In 2024, 21 continuity tests were conducted, of which 20 yielded satisfactory results. The 
remaining test was conducted internally without client participation, during which improvements 
were identified to be implemented in the technical script prior to the execution of the corresponding 
industry-wide test.
This practice not only ensures the effectiveness of the Business Continuity Plan but also fosters 
a culture of continuous improvement at all levels of the Organization, reinforcing operational 
resilience and ensuring compliance with the highest international standards.
Training and Awareness
In 2024, the BMV Group implemented several initiatives to strengthen contingency response 
capabilities, with a focus on training Incident Management Teams. The primary objective of this 
effort was to enhance the procedures to be followed during the activation of the Business Continuity 
Plan, ensuring a coordinated and effective response in case of an emergency.
Additionally, the ‘2024 Business Continuity Journey’ were held, an event aimed at all Group 
personnel. These sessions included announcements, bulletins, and interactive talks that 
emphasized the importance of business continuity, aligning with internal policies, international 
best practices, and current regulations. At the end of the event, an evaluation was conducted with 
a SATISFACTORY outcome and 95% participation from all employees.
These activities not only raised awareness about the importance of operational continuity but also 
strengthened organizational culture, ensuring that each employee clearly understands their role in 
enhancing the resilience of the BMV Group.
Operating Resilience Risk ManagementBusiness Continuity
 
103
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Risk Management 
In 2024, the BMV Group consolidated and strengthened its corporate governance structure by incorporating internal control criteria that enhance its risk management system. This 
optimization improves the Organization’s ability to anticipate, respond to, and adapt to an increasingly dynamic and complex environment.
The most notable actions include:
 
Risk Identification
The BMV Group has established an Internal Control Framework for Business Risk Management, which, together with the Incident Management Policy, defines clear guidelines for the 
identification, documentation, and monitoring of risks and operational incidents. This framework enhances efficiency both in the design of controls and in the tracking of associated action 
plans.
Risk identification is performed through procedural walkthroughs conducted by the Operational Risk area in collaboration with business area experts. Meanwhile, the Internal Control area 
is responsible for identifying and validating existing controls to assess their design, adequacy, and reasonableness.
Risks are reported quarterly to the Group’s Risk Committee, which facilitates the escalation of key information to executive levels. This process ensures the prompt request and implementation 
of corrective actions, enabling risk mitigation, the protection of critical processes, and the assurance of operational stability.
Business Continuity
Operating Resilience Risk Management
104
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Risk Culture
Throughout the year, the area actively worked on training and raising awareness 
among employees on topics related to risk management through several initiatives:
 
• Publication of intranet bulletins:  Informative bulletins were distributed on the 
following topics:
• Real cases of operational risk
• Process, procedure, and work instructions
• Risks in emerging technologies
• Risk prevention and mitigation
• COSO Model
 
• ‘Effective Controls, Successful Results’ Campaign::  This utilized various 
channels, such as information screens, emails, and wallpaper images, to 
address key topics, including:o: 
 
• The three lines of defense
• Definition and classification of risks
• Benefits of risk management
• Types and examples of controls
• Practical examples of operational incidents
 
• Access to Regulations: Personnel have access to Operational Risk and Internal 
Control regulations for consultation and reference.
 
These actions have been instrumental in fostering a solid and sustainable risk 
management culture within the Organization.
 
2025 Objectives 
The BMV Group is committed to maintaining effective risk management and strengthening the 
culture of internal control, establishing key objectives for the year 2025:
 
• Risk tracking and evaluation:  The review and supervision of action plans stemming from 
identified deviations will continue, as well as the assessment and monitoring of critical and high 
risks. 
 
• Technological Risk Management: In line with the Risk Management Framework, progress will 
be made in the analysis and evaluation of technological risks, incorporating new processes and 
tools.
 
• Critical Supplier Evaluation:  A thorough analysis will be conducted to identify and mitigate risks 
associated with the Organization’s key suppliers. 
For more information related to our Risk Management, please visit the following page:   
https://www.bmv.com.mx/work/models/Grupo_BMV/Resource/2046/3/images/Risk%20Management24.pdf  
10Comité de Organizaciones Patrocinadoras de la Comisión Treadway (COSO).
Business Continuity
Operating Resilience Risk Management
105
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

106
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Human Capital
BMV Group Talent  
[2-7], [2-8], [2-18], [2-19], [2-20], [2-21], [2-30], [201-3], 
[202-1], [202-2], [401-1], [401-2], [405-2] 
Our employees are a fundamental pillar for the success of the Group’s strategy. We 
foster a culture of continuous development, leadership, and collaboration, where 
equity and diversity not only enrich our work environment but also strengthen our 
capacity for innovation and growth.
Throughout 2024, we reinforced our strategy by placing greater emphasis on 
the processes of identifying, attracting, retaining, and developing top talent. This 
positioned us as a market benchmark while fostering an environment of growth 
and excellence.
As of December 31st, 2024, we have 524 employees at BMV Group, whose diversity 
enriches our organization and enables us to achieve our goals.
Talent Development Human Capital Strategic Talent Management Organizational Culture Performance Model Compensation Occupational health and well-being
 
107
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Snapshot of Our Team in 2024 – Diversity in Action
At BMV Group, we understand that a diverse team enhances decision-making and drives innovation by incorporating different perspectives that fuel the Company’s growth and development.. 
Talent Development Human Capital Strategic Talent Management Organizational Culture Performance Model Compensation Occupational health and well-being
108
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Talent Development Human Capital Strategic Talent Management Organizational Culture Performance Model Compensation Occupational health and well-being
 
109
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Fostering Gender Equality
Creating an environment of equal opportunities is a fundamental pillar of BMV Group’s Strategy. For this reason, we have developed and implemented strategic initiatives, both internally 
and market-facing, which advance gender equality and strengthen our commitment to a more inclusive and equitable workplace. 
Talent Development Human Capital Strategic Talent Management Organizational Culture Performance Model Compensation Occupational health and well-being
110
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024

 
111
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Strategic Talent Management
[404-1], [404-2], [404-3]
At BMV Group, we remain committed to attracting and retaining the best talent. In this regard, we focus on investing in their well-being, growth, and development.
In the area of  Recruitment and Selection:  
Talent Development Human Capital Strategic Talent Management Organizational Culture Performance Model Compensation Occupational health and well-being
112
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Talent Acquisition
[401-1], [04-1], [404-3]
Our Talent Acquisition Guidelines ensure that the selection of personnel is based on criteria of equity, meritocracy, and non-discrimination. Each selection process is undertaken with 
an objective approach, where the experience, achievements, and competencies of each candidate are evaluated, ensuring that hiring decisions align with the strategic needs of the 
business.
Throughout 2024, there were 130 hires (88 new), broken down as follows:
Turnover Rate 
Thanks to BMV Group’s commitment to the development and well-being of our employees, in 2024 we maintained a stable turnover rate, which remained virtually at the same level as in 
2023.
Talent Development Human Capital Strategic Talent Management Organizational Culture Performance Model Compensation Occupational health and well-being
100% of employees who left Grupo BMV were Mexican.
 
113
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Empowering and Growing Our Talent
At BMV Group, we maximize the potential of our employees through a continuous skill 
development program, which is aligned with the institutional strategy and focused on the key 
skills that each business line requires to remain at the forefront and stay competitive in the 
market.
In addition to the training plan, we also have a digital platform available 24/7 where employees 
can enhance their skills and explore other topics.
Average Training Hours
Talent Development Human Capital Strategic Talent Management Organizational Culture Performance Model Compensation Occupational health and well-being
114
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Talent Development Programs
Committed to providing our employees with the tools and knowledge needed to strengthen their skills, through continuous and specialized training, we ensure that every team member 
can perform their duties with precision and alignment to the institutional strategy. We believe that ongoing training not only enhances operational efficiency but also reinforces our princi-
ples of trust, integrity, and service excellence.
In addition to the educational offerings planned for each area, aligned with the institutional strategy and the specific knowledge needs of the business, in 2024, training and development 
programs were implemented to enhance the Group’s performance.
• Key Programs: • Courses related to the Institutional Strategy (Mandatory)
Talent Development Human Capital Strategic Talent Management Organizational Culture Performance Model Compensation Occupational health and well-being
 
115
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Organizational Culture
Each year, we conduct an anonymous survey to evaluate organizational climate, engagement, and leadership, with the aim of understanding our employees’ perceptions and identifying areas 
for improvement. In 2024, this process was conducted in collaboration with a global consulting firm, ensuring a rigorous methodology and a deeper analysis of the results. Participation 
reached 91% of our workforce, reflecting a high level of commitment, and we obtained an overall score of 78%, providing us with a solid foundation to continue strengthening our work 
environment.
The methodology measures five major dimensions:
Once the survey results are obtained, the general report is presented to the Management Committee. Subsequently, reports are prepared for each department and shared with the leaders 
of those departments to establish agreements aimed at improving the necessary aspects and addressing them throughout the year.
It is important to note that both the Management Committee and each Department actively work on the identified issues to improve the Group’s climate. The survey results are shared with 
all employees of the Group during a Townhall and/or through a monthly newsletter.
Furthermore, on a quarterly basis, the Human Resources Department presents the Board with a report covering performance and workforce topics, which is submitted to the Corporate 
Practices Committee. This committee, in turn, provides a summary to the Board.
Talent Development Human Capital Strategic Talent Management Organizational Culture Performance Model Compensation Occupational health and well-being
116
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Performance Model
The Performance Model clearly defines both individual and group objectives to be developed and evaluated throughout the year. It establishes how they will be achieved, as well as the 
measurement mechanisms, levels of rigor, and timelines for the execution of activities. 
The development of institutional competencies is of great importance to the Group, which is why a 360° Evaluation is conducted every year. This aspect is part of the performance 
evaluation framework, aligning the assessment of our competencies with our educational offerings. We also carry out mid-term evaluations, annual evaluations, and periodic service 
surveys. 
It should be noted that as part of the succession plan for key positions, including executive levels, a process was conducted to assess the levels of soft and technical competencies 
that each individual possesses in relation to the positions for which they are potential successors. Through this process, skill gaps and training needs were identified, leading to the 
implementation of a development plan.
Talent Development Human Capital Strategic Talent Management Organizational Culture Performance Model Compensation Occupational health and well-being
 
117
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Compensation
[2-18], [2-19], [2-20], [2-21], [401-2]
At BMV Group, we offer an attractive, comprehensive compensation package 
that is competitive in the market. As part of the total remuneration, the following 
benefits are included:
Compensation Strategy
The Corporate Practices Committee periodically reviews the guidelines of our 
compensation strategy to ensure market-competitive remuneration. To properly 
structure the integration of compensation and foster fair and transparent 
salary administration that supports the development and career progression of 
employees within the institution, internal equity, market benchmarks, and individual 
performance are considered. 
This distribution depends on the organizational level, and for executive positions, 
the variable percentage can represent up to 60% of their total compensation.
The variable component includes an annual bonus that is subject to:
- The Organization’s Results (EBITDA)
- Individual Performance (Execution of strategic projects, Customer Focus, and ESG factors, which 
include topics such as Governance, Climate Change, Sustainable Finance, Financial Culture, Talent 
Attraction and Retention, among others)
- Compliance with Organizational Regulations (internal audit, risk management, internal control, 
regulatory compliance, and information security)
The compensation of our CEO is based on criteria determined by the Board of Directors and the 
Corporate Practices Committee. It aims to be fair and competitive, incentivizing the company’s 
long-term development and considering:
• A fixed component.
• A variable component, which is primarily determined by the organization’s results (EBITDA).
Our CEO does not receive compensation in the form of BMV Group shares.
Salary Competitiveness Analysis
Each year, a third party conducts a salary competitiveness analysis (considering total compensation) 
in relation to the financial, technological, and strategic markets. This study aims to ensure that our 
salary structure is fair, competitive, and aligned with industry best practices, enabling us to attract 
and retain top talent.
Long-term Retention Plan
As part of our talent retention strategy for key positions, we offer a long-term bonus linked to 
the sustained performance of the Group, specifically EBITDA and market share performance. The 
payment is granted annually and deferred over five years.
In 2024, we worked on a project to update the long-term retention plan, aiming to ensure external 
competitiveness and internal equity. The new strategy seeks to retain key talent and foster 
commitment, aligning the interests of employees and shareholders.
Talent Development Human Capital Strategic Talent Management Organizational Culture Performance Model Compensation Occupational health and well-being
118
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Average Monthly Salary by Position Level and Gender
[202-1]
 
Below, we present the average salary of BMV Group employees by position level 
and gender. It is important to note that individual compensation information is 
withheld for security reasons.
Gender Pay Gap Analysis
[405-2]
In 2024, we conducted our first gender pay gap analysis, which examined the 
relationship between salary and various explanatory variables such as gender, job 
level, seniority, education, and work area. The main objective was to determine 
whether gender significantly influences salaries, even when considering other 
relevant labor characteristics.
The methodology used reinforces the company’s commitment to transparency 
and equity, providing clear data to guide initiatives aimed at closing this gap and 
fostering a more inclusive workplace culture. Based on the previous model, the 
pay gap is 7%, and the model demonstrates 82% of accuracy.
Our commitment for the upcoming year is to strengthen this analysis to direct 
our efforts toward reducing pay gaps within the Group.
Labor Unions  
[2-30]
Given the nature of our operations and the profile of our employees (trusted personnel), we will 
maintain close and direct communication with our employees without the involvement of an 
intermediary. This approach aligns with the results of the union-related assessment conducted in 
2023.
Ensuring the Health and Well-Being of Our Workforce
[403-3], [403-4], [403-5], [403-6]
At BMV Group, the well-being of our employees is essential for the optimal functioning of our 
operations. For this reason, we have a wellness strategy built around four pillars, aimed at fostering 
community and belonging:
Physical Well-Being
[3-3]; [403-1], [403-2], [403-6], [403-7], [403-8], [403-9], [403-10]
We comply with applicable health and workplace safety regulations and continuously adapt our 
facilities to create healthy working environments in line with legal requirements through the Joint 
Health and Safety Commission.
In accordance with the Federal Labor Law and following the guidelines established in the Mexican 
Official Standard NOM-019-STPS-2011, each of the Group’s companies has properly established 
Joint Health and Safety Commissions, as well as institutional programs aimed at providing safe 
conditions for employees, training, and activities for diagnosing, monitoring, and addressing 
employees’ health, ensuring compliance with NOM-035-STPS-2018.
Talent Development Human Capital Strategic Talent Management Organizational Culture Performance Model Compensation Occupational health and well-being
 
119
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Regarding workplace risks, our activities are administrative, which reduces the likelihood and incidence 
of workplace accidents or occupational diseases. However, at BMV Group, the Human Resources and 
Security and General Services departments evaluate and identify potential physical risks within the building 
that could pose a threat to employees’ health. According to the Group’s Civil Protection Manual, a Civil 
Protection Unit has been established, comprising Group representatives tasked with preventing and, if 
necessary, mitigating the effects of agents that generate hazardous situations. We maintain preventive 
security systems and procedures that enable us to anticipate risks and, when necessary, take action. 
Additionally, through the Security and General Services department, key personnel and brigade teams 
are trained annually through workshops on topics such as ‘Basic First Aid, Prevention, Control, and Basic 
Firefighting,’ ‘Basic Evacuation Course,’ and ‘Special Support Group.’  
In 2024, no cases of workplace accidents or records of illnesses or diseases caused by work-related 
factors were reported.
Thanks to the programs and initiatives mentioned above, in 2024 we achieved 
the following results:
Social Well-Being: Work-Life Balance
[401-3]
At BMV Group, we understand the importance of improving the quality of life for our employees. For this reason, we have implemented initiatives within the Organization to facilitate a 
balance between professional and personal life.
Flexi Work
In 2024, we continued implementing our flexible work program, tailored to the nature of each business and position. The three work schemes are outlined below:
• Hybrid work schedule (3-4 days in the office | 1-2 days remote work): 55% of employees
• 100% remote work: 3% of employees
• 100% in-person work: 42% of employees (half of whom have a flexible work schedule)
11 This refers to screenings, dental evaluations, and vision exams.
Talent Development Human Capital Strategic Talent Management Organizational Culture Performance Model Compensation Occupational health and well-being

120
INTEGRATED Annual Report 2024
Maternity and Paternity Leave
BMV Group grants parental leave in accordance with the Federal Labor Law 
and the Social Security Law, paying employees their full salary.
Benefits beyond legal requirements
At BMV Group, we grant leave for marriage and the passing of immediate family 
members. We also offer the ‘Days Off’ program, which provides employees with 
three additional days off per year, beyond their vacation allowance, to attend to 
personal matters or simply rest. These days can be used from the very first day 
they join the organization.
Furthermore, to give our employees more quality time with their families following 
the birth of their children, in 2024 we developed a new parental leave policy. 
This policy grants an additional month of leave, beyond the legal requirement, 
for both primary and secondary caregivers. It will take effect on January 1, 2025. 
This milestone also supports our diversity and inclusion strategy.
Mental Well-Being – Emotional Health
To monitor employees’ emotional well-being, identify, analyze, and prevent potential psychosocial 
risk factors they may be exposed to, and foster a better organizational environment in our 
workplace, the NOM-035 questionnaire was administered in May. This allowed us to gain a 
detailed understanding of the environment to identify, analyze, and prevent possible psychosocial 
risk factors, as well as to implement control and follow-up measures for specific cases where 
necessary. We achieved 90% employee participation, and the overall survey results indicate a 
low-risk level, with a score of 74.8 
The two categories requiring action are: 
1. Work time management: work schedule and interference with work-family balance
2. Task-related factors: workload and lack of control over work
Results of the 2025 Survey
Based on the results obtained, we developed an action plan as follows:
• A report on the topic is prepared and shared with the Management Committee
• Data on individuals outside the range (as applicable) is shared with each Deputy Managing 
Director
• Individuals outside the range are notified and voluntarily invited to participate in a Psychological 
Support Program
• The results are published on the employee portal (intranet) 
The Psychological Support Program was created in 2022 to provide personalized care through 
a professional for members of the Group who exceed the ranges established by NOM-035. 
Participation in this program is voluntary. In 2024, 34% of the employees identified with a traumatic 
event took part in the program.
Talent Development Human Capital Strategic Talent Management Organizational Culture Performance Model Compensation Occupational health and well-being