AMD 1Q 2026 Earnings
JOHN: Greetings and welcome to the AMD first quarter 2026 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-
only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. If anyone should require operator
assistance during the conference, please press star 0 on your telephone keypad. And please note that this
conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Matt Ramsay, Vice President of Financial
Strategy and IR. Thank you, Matt. You may begin.
Thank you, a nd welcome to AMD's first quarter 2026 financial results conference call. By now, you should have
had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings press release and the accompanying slides. If you have not
had a chance to review these materials, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of amd.com. We will
refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during today's call. The full non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations are
available in today's press release and slides posted on our website.
Participants on  today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our chair and CEO, and Jean Hu, Executive Vice president,
CFO, and treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website. Before we begin the call, I
would like to note that Jean Hu will present at the Bank of America Global TMT conference on Tuesday, June 2, in
San Francisco.
Today's discussion c ontains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations. 
Speak only as of today and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from our current expectations. Please refer to our cautionary statement in our press release for more
information on factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. With that, I will hand the call over to
Lisa.
LISA SU: T hank you, M att, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. We delivered an outstanding start to the
year, driven by accelerating demand for AI infrastructure across our portfolio. Growth was broad-based, with
every segment increasing year over year led by 57% data center revenue growth. First quarter revenue
increased 38% year over year to $10.3 billion. Earnings grew more than 40%, and free cash flow more than
tripled to a record $2.6 billion, driven by significantly higher sales of EPYC CPUs, Instinct GPUs, and Ryzen
processors.
These results m ark a clear inflection in our growth trajectory and a structural shift in our business. Data center is
now the primary driver of our revenue and earnings growth, and as AI adoption scales, demand is increasing not
only for accelerators, but also for the high performance CPUs that power and orchestrate those workloads.
Turning to o ur segments, data center revenue increased 57% year over year to a record $5.8 billion, led by
strong demand for our EPYC CPUs and Instinct GPUs. In server, we delivered our fourth consecutive quarter of
record server CPU revenue. Revenue increased more than 50% year over year, with sales to both cloud and
enterprise customers each growing more than 50%.
Share gains a ccelerated year over year, reflecting the ramp of 5th Gen EPYC turned CPUs and continued strength 
of 4th Gen EPYC processors across a wide range of workloads. In cloud, AI was the primary driver of growth in the 
quarter, as every major cloud provider expanded their EPYC footprint to support a broad range of AI workloads,
from general purpose compute and data processing to head nodes for accelerators and emerging agentic
applications.
EPYC-powered cloud instances increased nearly 50% year over year to more than 1,600, with instances 
optimized for virtually every enterprise workload and expanded availability across the largest global cloud 
providers. In enterprise, demand accelerated with record revenue and record sell through in the quarter. We 
expanded our customer base with new wins across financial services, health care, industrial, and digital 
infrastructure companies, while also building momentum with mid-market and SMB customers. 
We are well-positioned to continue gaining share as more enterprises standardize on EPYC across on-prem and 
hybrid environments based on our leadership performance and TCO. Looking ahead, our sixth Gen EPYC Venice 
processor, built on our Zen 6 architecture and 2 nanometer process technology, is designed to extend our 
leadership across cloud, enterprise, and AI workloads. 
The V enice family spans a broad set of CPUs optimized for throughput, performance per Watt, and performance 
per dollar, including Verano, our first EPYC CPU, purpose-built for AI infrastructure. Across the portfolio, Venice 
widens our competitive advantage, delivering substantially higher performance per socket and per Watt versus 
competitive x86 offerings, and more than 2x throughput per socket versus leading ARM-based AI solutions. 
Customer d emand is very strong, with more customers validating and ramping platforms at this stage than with 
any prior EPYC generation, and we remain on track to launch Venice later this year. Looking more broadly, we are 
seeing a meaningful acceleration in customer demand, driven by the rapid scaling of AI workloads across both 
cloud and enterprise. 
Inferencing a nd agentic AI are increasing the need for server CPU compute, as these workloads require additional 
CPU processing for orchestration, data movement, and parallel execution, in addition to serving as the head 
nodes for GPUs and accelerators. As a result, we are seeing both stronger near-term demand and deeper 
engagement with customers on long-term capacity planning. 
At o ur Financial Analyst Day in November, we outlined a server CPU market growing at approximately 18% 
annually over the next three to five years. Based on the demand signals we are seeing today and the structural 
increase in CPU compute requirements driven by agentic AI, we now expect the server CPU TAM to grow at 
greater than 35% annually, reaching over $120 billion by 2030. 
In r esponse to this demand, we are working closely with our supply chain partners to meaningfully increase our 
wafer and back end capacities to support this growth. As a result, we now expect server CPU revenue to grow by 
more than 70% year over year in the second quarter, with robust growth continuing through the second half of 
2020 and into 2027 as we ramp our next generation EPYC processors. 
Now t urning to our data center AI business, revenue grew by a significant double-digit percentage year over year 
as adoption of Instinct accelerates across cloud, enterprise, sovereign, and supercomputing customers. We're 
seeing strong momentum as customers move from pilots to large scale production deployments, particularly in 
inference where our leadership memory capacity and bandwidth are key advantages. This momentum is driving 
deeper long-term customer engagements, including large scale multi-generation deployments. 
A key example is our expanded strategic partnership with Meta to deploy up to 6 gigawatts of AMD Instinct GPUs 
spanning several product generations. Our agreement includes a custom GPU accelerator based on our MI450 
architecture, co-designed to support Meta's next generation AI workloads. Shipments are on track to begin in the 
second half of the year, leveraging our Helios rack scale architecture, which integrates Instinct GPUs with EPYC 
Venice CPUs to deliver fully optimized, high performance AI infrastructure. 
Together with our previously announced OpenAI partnership, these engagements position AMD as a core partner 
to the world's largest AI infrastructure builders, with deep co-engineering relationships and multiyear visibility 
into large scale deployments. More broadly, Instinct adoption continues to expand across AI-native and 
enterprise customers for both training and inference workloads. 
Existing p artners are expanding Instincts across a broader set of workloads, while a growing number of new 
partners are deploying production AI workloads on Instinct, highlighting the maturity of our hardware and 
software stack. On the software front, we continue to make strong progress with ROCm, improving performance, 
scalability, and enabling customers to reach production faster. In our latest MLPerf results, MI355X delivered 
strong competitive performance across the full suite with leadership results in multiple categories. 
We a lso expanded day zero support for the leading open models, including the latest Google Gemma 4 family, 
Qwen, Kimi, and others, enabling customers to deploy new models quickly with optimized performance. To build 
on this momentum, we have significantly accelerated our ROCm development cadence through increased 
software investments and agent-based coding workflows, enabling faster performance improvements and more 
rapid deployment of new capabilities. 
Looking a head, customer pull for Helios is very strong, driven by our leadership performance, memory 
bandwidth, and scale out capacity. Helios development is progressing well with strong execution across silicon 
software and systems as we advance through key milestones. We have begun sampling MI450 series GPUs to 
lead customers and remain on track to ramp Helios production shipments in the second half of the year. 
As w e approach production, demand for MI450 series GPUs continues to strengthen, with lead customer forecasts 
now exceeding our initial plans and a growing number of new customers engaging on large scale deployments, 
including additional multi-gigawatt opportunities. With this expanded visibility, we have strong and increasing 
confidence in our ability to deliver tens of billions of dollars in annual data center AI revenue in 2027, and to 
exceed our long-term growth target of greater than 80% in the coming years. 
I l ook forward to sharing more on our next generation Instinct GPUs, EPYC processors, Helios rack scale platform, 
and our growing customer engagements at our advancing AI event in July. 
Turning t o client and gaming, segment revenue increased 23% year over year to $3.6 billion. In client, revenue 
grew 26% year over year to $2.9 billion, led by strong sales of our latest Ryzen processors and continued share 
gains across consumer and commercial markets. 
In d esktop, we strengthened our Ryzen lineup, including our latest X3D processors that deliver leadership 
performance across gaming, content creation, and professional workloads. We also introduced the Ryzen AI 400 
series and Ryzen AI Pro 400 series desktop CPUs, sending our AI PC offerings across both consumer and 
commercial systems. 
In mobile, we delivered strong growth driven by a richer product mix as Ryzen 400 mobile PC shipments ramped 
and commercial adoption increased. Commercial was a key highlight in the quarter, with sell through of Ryzen 
Pro PCs increasing more than 50% year over year as Dell, HP, and Lenovo broadened their AMD offerings. We 
also closed new enterprise wins across large technology, financial services, health care, and aerospace 
customers. 
Looking ahead, we expect demand for Ryzen CPUs to remain solid in the second quarter. However, we are 
planning for second half PC shipments to be lower due to higher memory and component costs. Against this 
backdrop, we still expect our client revenue to grow year over year and outperform the market, driven by the 
strength of our portfolio and expanding commercial adoption. 
In g aming, revenue increased 11% year over year to $720 million. Semi-custom revenue declined year over year 
as expected at this stage of the console cycle, while engagements with customers on next generation platforms 
remain strong. In graphics, revenue increased year over year, led by demand for our latest generation Radeon 
9000 series GPUs. 
We a lso strengthened our Radeon portfolio with updates to our FSR software that improved performance and 
visual quality across a broad set of gaming workloads. Similar to the PC market, we believe that second half 
demand in gaming will be impacted by higher memory and component costs, and we are planning the business 
accordingly. 
Turning t o our embedded segment, revenue increased 6% year over year to $873 million, driven by strength in 
test, measurement and emulation, aerospace and defense, and communications, as well as increased adoption of 
embedded x86 products. 
Design w in momentum grew by a double-digit percentage year over year, with billions of dollars in new wins 
across markets, reflecting the continued expansion of our embedded business from a primarily FPGA-focused 
portfolio to a broader set of adaptive embedded x86 and semi-custom solutions, significantly expanding our TAM. 
Our semi-custom engagements also expanded in the quarter, as data center, communications, and other 
embedded customers leverage our broad IP portfolio and high performance expertise to build differentiated 
solutions. 
In s ummary, our first quarter results mark a clear step up in our growth trajectory with accelerating momentum 
across the business. Our client business continues to outperform the market, driven by rising adoption and share 
gains, while an embedded design win momentum and demand are strengthening across our expanded adaptive 
and x86 portfolio. At the same time, our data center business is inflecting with strong demand for both EPYC and 
Instinct products driving significant growth. 
While w e are still in the early stages of the AI infrastructure cycle, the pace and scale of deployments we are 
seeing today reinforce both the magnitude and durability of the opportunity ahead. As inferencing and AI 
deployments scale, they are fundamentally increasing compute requirements, driving both larger scale 
accelerator deployments and significantly more CPU compute. 
AMD is uniquely positioned to lead in this next phase of AI with leadership products across high performance 
server CPUs and AI accelerators, and the ability to optimize them together as fully integrated rack scale solutions. 
We have a world-class supply chain and are making significant investments to expand capacity and execute at 
scale. With the momentum we are seeing across the business and the expanding market opportunity, we see a 
clear path to exceed our long-term financial targets, including delivering more than $20 in EPS over the strategic 
time frame. 
Now, I will turn the call over to Jean to provide additional color on our first quarter results. Jeanne. 
JEAN H U: Thank y ou, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start with a review of our first quarter financial results, and 
then provide our current outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2026. We are pleased with our outstanding first 
quarter results, delivering accelerated revenue growth and the earnings expansion driven by strong execution 
and operating leverage. 
First q uarter revenue was $10.3 billion, exceeding the high end of our guidance, growing 38% year over year, 
driven by strong growth in the data center and client and gaming segments, and the return to growth in the 
embedded segment. Revenue was flat sequentially, with continued growth in the data center segment, offset by 
seasonality in the client and gaming segment and the embedded segment. 
Gross m argin was 55%, up 170 basis points versus a year ago, driven by a favorable product mix, including a 
higher data center revenue contribution. Operating expenses were $3.1 billion, an increase of 42% a year over 
year as we continue to invest in R&D to support our AI roadmap and the long-term growth opportunities and go to 
market activities. 
As t he business scales, operating income grew faster than top line revenue. Operating income was $2.5 billion, 
representing a 25% operating margin. Taxes, interest, and other, resulting in a net expense of approximately 275 
million. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share was $1.37, up 43% year over year, underscoring the 
significant operating leverage in our model as we scale. 
Now, t urning to our reportable segment, starting with the data center segment. Revenue was a record $5.8 
billion, up 57% year over year, and 7% sequentially, driven by strong demand for EPYC processors and continued 
ramp of Instinct GPUs. Data center segment operating income was $1.6 billion, or 28% of revenue, compared to 
$932 million, or 25% a year ago. On the gaming segment, revenue was $3.6 billion, up 23% year over year. On a 
sequential basis, revenue was down 9%, consistent with seasonality. 
The c lient business revenue was $2.9 billion, up 26% year over year, driven by strong demand for our latest 
Ryzen processors, favorable product mix, and continued share gains across consumer and commercial markets. 
Sequentially, client revenue was down 7% due to seasonality. The gaming business revenue was $720 million, up 
11% year over year, primarily driven by higher demand for Radeon GPUs, partially offset by lower semi-custom 
revenue. Sequentially, gaming revenue was down 15%, consistent with our expectations. 
In a ddition, as Lisa mentioned earlier, we expect second half demand in gaming to be impacted by higher 
memory and component costs. We now expect second half gaming revenue to decline more than 20% compared 
to the first half. Client on gaming segment operating income was $575 million, or 16% of revenue, compared to 
$496 million, or 17% a year ago. 
Embedded segment revenue was $873 million, up 6% year over year as demand strengthened across several 
end markets. Sequentially, embedded revenue was seasonally down 8%. Embedded segment operating income 
was a $338 million, or 39% of revenue, compared to $328 million, or 40% a year ago. 
Turning to the balance sheet and the cash flow, during the quarter, we generated $3 billion in cash from 
continuing operations and a record $2.6 billion in free cash flow, or 25% of revenue, demonstrating the cash 
generating power of our business model. Inventory was roughly flat at $8 billion. At the end of the quarter, cash, 
cash equivalents, and short-term investments were $12.3 billion. In the quarter, we repurchased 1.1 million 
shares and returned 221 million to shareholders. We ended the quarter with $9.2 billion authorization remaining 
under our share repurchase program. 
Now turning t o our second quarter 2026 outlook, we expect revenue to be approximately $11.2 billion plus or 
minus $300 million. At the midpoint of our guidance, revenue is expected to be up 46% year over year, driven by 
a very strong growth in our data center segment, growth in our client and gaming segment, and double-digit 
growth in our embedded segment. 
Sequentially, we  expect revenue to be up approximately 9% driven by double-digit growth in both our data 
center and the embedded segments, and the modest growth in our client and gaming segment. In addition, we 
expect second quarter non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 56%, non-GAAP operating expenses to be 
approximately $3.3 billion, non-GAAP other income and expense to be a gain of approximately $60 million, non-
GAAP effective tax rate to be 13%, and the diluted share count is expected to be approximately 1.66 billion 
shares. 
In closing, t he first quarter of 2026 was an outstanding quarter for AMD, reflecting strong momentum across the 
business with accelerated revenue and earnings expansion. We are very well-positioned to build on the 
momentum as we scale our data center business, expand margins, drive continued earnings growth and long-
term shareholder v alue creation. With that, I'll turn it back to Matt for the Q&A session. 
MATT RAMSAY: T hank y ou, Jean. Operator, we're ready to start the Q&A session now. I would ask the callers to limit yourself to 
one question and one brief follow up, but please go ahead and pull for questions. Thank you. 
JOHN: Thank you, M att. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, 
please press star 1 on your telephone keypad. A confirmation tone will indicate that your line is in the queue. You 
may press star 2 if you'd like to remove your question from the queue. For participants using speaker equipment, 
it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star keys. We ask that you please limit yourself 
to one question and one follow up. Thank you. One moment please while we pull for questions. 
And the f irst question comes from the line of Joshua Buchalter with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question. 
JOSHUA 
BU
CHALTER: 
Hey, guys. C ongrats on the results, and thanks for taking my question. Actually going to start with CPUs, which 
hasn't happened in a bit. It hasn't been that long since you announced the $60 billion server CPU TAM for 2030 at 
the Analyst Day, and it's very quickly doubled. Agentic AI has obviously gotten a lot of attention in recent months, 
but would be helpful to hear your thoughts on how this TAM is inflecting and changing so meaningfully in such a 
short amount of time. 
And maybe you could also speak to your confidence in hitting that greater than 50% share target from the 
Analyst Day, as your x86 competitor seems to be improving its supply and also there seems to be more 
momentum on the merchant and custom ARM CPU side. Thank you. 
LISA SU: Yeah, s ure, Josh. Thanks for the question. So first of all, back to the when we think about CPU TAM, I mean, we've 
always said that CPUs are very critical part of data center infrastructure, and that's been where we've invested. 
And we saw the first signs of, let's call it AI demand, really pulling CPU demand last year. And that was the 
reason we updated the TAM to, let's call it the 18% category or approximately $60 billion. 
And w hat we've seen is all of the things that we believed in terms of agentic AI and inferencing, and all the CPU 
compute that is required is just happening, and it's happening at a much faster pace. So over the last, let's call it 
the last few months, as we've talked to our customers and we've seen how AI adoption is really unfolding, we're 
seeing a significant more CPU demand from really every major cloud provider as well as enterprise customers. 
And t he way that comes across is as AI adoption scales, you need more inferencing, as inferencing scales and 
you do more-- you have more agents and agentic AI, they all require CPUs for all of the orchestration and the 
data processing, and these other tasks. So with that, we've looked at it both bottoms up in terms of talking to 
customers and having them give us longer term forecasts, as well as just doing some clear workload analysis. 
And y eah, I mean, it's a very exciting TAM. I think it's exciting to see your CPUs going greater than 35% to over 
$120 billion. And then when you think about AMD in the context of that, I mean, CPUs are critical for so many 
tasks that you are seeing a lot more discussion about CPUs in the market, but we actually view it in three 
categories. There's general purpose compute, there's the head nodes that really support the AI accelerators, and 
then there are CPUs just for all of the agentic AI work. 
And t o do all of this, our belief is you need a broad portfolio of CPUs, and that's really what we have been focused 
on, is building, not just one type, but really a broader in terms of throughput optimized, power optimized, cost 
optimized, AI infrastructure optimized, as we've done in the Venice family. So when you put all that together, 
we're very excited about the larger TAM and we're also very happy with the traction that we're getting. 
We're c learly feeling like we're seeing significant share gain. As we're going into our Turin portfolio that was 
ramped very nicely, Venice is extremely well-positioned and we're working with customers right now beyond 
Venice and what we're doing in those architectures. So we feel really good about the market as well as our 
opportunity to grow to a greater than 50% share of that market. 
JOSHUA 
B
UCHALTER: 
OK. T hank you for all the color there. I wanted to ask about the Instinct side. So in the press release, you 
mentioned that MI450 and Helios engagements are strengthening with customer forecasts, exceeding the 
expectations and the pipeline growing. You certainly have the big public OpenAI and Meta deals. Was this 
comment referring to those engagements upsizing versus the announced initial deployments, or was it other 
customers and maybe the increase on the MI450 timeline, or is it MI500 and beyond? Thank you. 
LISA S U: Sure, J osh. So we are very excited about MI450 and Helios. We're seeing significant customer interest in those 
products as well. So we have certainly talked about our large partnerships with OpenAI and Meta, and those are 
going really well. We appreciate the deep co-engineering that has gone on there. When we look at the totality of, 
let's call it based on our current visibility, how those forecasts are coming in, with all of our customers, we're 
actually seeing it above our initial plans that we had planned for 2027. 
And I think the encouraging thing is we're seeing a breadth of customers who are now very interested in 
deploying at significant scale MI450 series. And those are for both training and inference workloads, although the 
largest deployments are for inference. And based on all of that and the scale of new customer interest, we see a 
path to really get to exceed our original targets of greater than 80% CAGR. 
And these are really, 2027 time frame. Obviously, when we talk to customers, we're talking to them about MI355. 
There's a lot of good traction we're seeing there. MI450 and Helios, I think for significant large scale 
deployments. And then many customers are also very engaged with us on the MI500 series and all of the 
opportunities there. So we feel like, very, very good progress, and the key is that we're continuing to broaden 
and widen the scope of both customers as well as workloads. 
JOHN: And t he next question comes from the line of Thomas O'Malley with Barclays. Please proceed with your question. 
THOMAS 
O
'MALLEY: 
Hey, g uys. Thanks for taking my question. Lisa, if I get your numbers correct here in the March quarter, it sounds 
like the server processor side of the CPU side grew over 50%. If you take it just at the word, it looks like maybe 
the data center GPU side actually grew in Q1. So I was curious around the cadence of this year. Previously you 
had talked about really a back half weighted and then more so Q4 weighted year. Could you talk about if that's 
changed at all? 
And t hen the second part of the question is, as you go into 2027, clearly you're pointing out a lot of upside from 
the larger customers and then the ecosystem around them with new customers as well. But when you look at 
supply that's a major issue in the ecosystem today, could you talk about where you're concerned on supply, if 
you are, and then any gating factors as you look into next year, whether that be power, data center, buildouts, et 
cetera, or do you feel really good about the ability to grow? Thank you very much. 
LISA S U: Yeah. O K. A lot of pieces of that question, Tom, so let me try to get through it. So first of all, on the data center 
segment in Q1, the server business was greater than 50% year over year, as we said in the prepared remarks. 
The data center AI was actually down modestly because of the China transition. We had more China revenue-- I'm 
sorry, sequentially, more China revenue in Q4, and it was less in Q1. 
But a s we go forward, I think we see strong growth in both segments. So we guided data center Q2 up 
sequentially double digits, and that's double digits in both server as well as data center AI and progression as we 
go forward. So first on the server CPU side, we talked about growing to over 70% year over year in Q2 and that 
continuing into the second half of the year. And on the data center AI side, we will be ramping Helios in the 
second half of the year, so let's call it starting with initial volume in Q3, with a significant ramp in Q4 and then 
continuing to ramp in Q1. 
So t hat's a little bit of progression. And then to your questions about customers and supply, I think I answered, 
Josh, the customer question. I think we have very good visibility now into the deployments that are on track for 
2027. And when I say good visibility, it's visibility down to which data centers are the GPUs going to be installed 
in. So that's necessary just given all of the constraints out there. 
We feel that there is tightness in the supply chain. There are certainly tightness in data center build outs. But we 
are confident in our ability to supply to the levels of growth that we're talking about and to exceed the levels of 
growth that we're talking about. And we're also working very closely with our customers and our partners to 
ensure that we have good visibility to data center power. And there is much more power that's coming online in 
2027. 
And so with all those things in mind, I think, again, lots of things to manage. It's a complex ramp, but we're very, 
very pleased with the progress on the ramp. 
MATT RAMSAY: A ll r ight, Tom, I think you shotgunned approached the multiple questions there. So operator, maybe we can go 
on to the next caller, please. Thank you. 
JOHN: Thank you. T he next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with 
your question. 
ROSS 
SE
YMORE: 
Hi. Thanks f or letting me ask a couple questions. The first one is just on the EPYC competition. Lisa, you went 
through some of the statistics of you versus x86 and you versus ARM, but I wanted to dive a little bit deeper into 
that. How do you see AMD truly differentiating, especially when you're signing-- well, you see some of your 
competition signing up the same customers from the ARM side and the x86 competition having more supply. So I 
just wanted to see if you could dig a little bit deeper into how you think the market share is going to trend over 
time. 
LISA SU: S ure, R oss. So look, we're very engaged with every major hyperscaler in terms of understanding their needs on 
the CPU side. I think we have very much wanted to, let's call it, optimize our CPU roadmap for the various 
workloads. I think we were early to call this AI component of CPUs. And so we've been actually optimizing very 
closely with those customers. 
The way t o think about this, Ross, is that you're going to need a broad portfolio of CPUs. Not all CPUs are the 
same. Frankly, you're going to need different CPUs for whether you're talking about general purpose operations 
or you're talking about head nodes, or you're talking about agentic AI tasks, they're going to be optimized 
differently. And we've thought through that and we are absolutely optimizing across the various workloads. 
So from a  competitive standpoint, we feel very good about where things are. And from deep relationship with the 
customer set, I think we feel very good about that. So from our current standpoint, I think the depth of our 
roadmap just expands as we go forward. And you shouldn't think about it as people are going to do one or the 
other. I think you're going to see people actually use x86 and ARM for many of the large hyperscalers. 
And even f or those who are developing their own, they're still buying lots of CPUs in the merchant market for the 
reason that I just stated, which is you need different CPUs for the different types of workloads, and there's very 
high demand at the moment. 
ROSS 
SEYMORE: 
Thanks for that. And I guess for my follow up, maybe more for Jean, on the gross margin side of things, it's nice to 
see the gross margin popping up in the second quarter, guy. But I just wanted to get some trends longer term, 
maybe not specific numbers. But how should we think about when Helios and the Instinct side really ramps in the 
fourth quarter and more so next year? I could see some offsets with that carrying a below corporate average 
gross margin. But then everything that Lisa talked about with the EPYC side of things being significantly stronger 
might be more of an offset than it was in the past. So just walk us through the puts and takes of that and maybe 
directionally where you think gross margin goes over the next year or two. 
JEAN H U: Yeah, R oss, thanks for the question. We are very pleased with how our gross margin is trending. It came in really 
strong in Q1. And also, as you mentioned, we guided the Q2 higher at the 56%. I think as we think about the 
second half or quarter over quarter, as you know, there are some puts and takes. I would just say from a tailwind 
perspective, we actually have a multiple tailwinds really are going to help our gross margin. 
First i s the server CPU. Lisa talked about the server CPU to expect it to grow more than 70% in Q2 and continue 
to be really strong in the second half. That really helps our gross margin. Secondly, in the second half for gaming 
actually is going to come down and our client business actually continue to go up the stack. So from client 
gaming segment gross margin actually is going to be also very helpful. 
Embedded a ctually is very accretive to our gross margin. It's momentum actually is continuing in the second half. 
So w e're really pleased with all the tailwinds we have. On the other side, MI450 will start to ramp in Q3 and the 
ramp significantly in Q4. That is below corporate average. So that will have different puts and takes in Q4 in the 
gross margin side. But when we sit here, when we look at all the positive trends we have to really offset some of 
the gross margin dilution from MI450 side, we actually feel really good about the setup of the gross margin for 
2026. 
And i nto next year, I think some of the tailwinds I talk about that will actually continue. That's why we feel 
confident about continue to drive the gross margin. We actually during our Financial Analyst Day, we outlined the 
long-term gross margin in the range of 55% to 58%. We think for the first year, we're making good progress 
there. 
JOHN: And t he next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question. 
TIMOTHY 
A
RCURI: 
Thanks a  lot. I wanted to ask about units versus ASP for server CPU. If I look at the June guidance, it implies up 
25% to 30% for server CPU. And Lisa, you had mentioned second half of the year. It implies that server CPU could 
grow like 70%, maybe a little more this year. And so I guess my question is, how much of that growth, either in 
June or for the year, is like units versus pricing? Are these price increases mostly captured in June or is that also 
helping you in the back half of the year? 
LISA S U: Yeah. T im, the way I would say it is, maybe let me bring you back to Q1 for a moment. So if you look at our 
significant growth in the server business, it was actually-- although we were up on a year over year basis for both 
ASPs and units, it was actually much more unit-driven. So we are shipping more CPUs across, not just the high 
end Turin family, but we're actually shipping a lot of Genoas, the Zen 4 family as well. 
As we go forward for Q2 and into the second half, we are guiding for a significant amount of growth. I think 
there's a little bit of ASP in there, but the way we're thinking about pricing, to be fair, is we are in a range where 
the supply chain is tight. And so there are some inflationary pressures, costs have gone up a bit, and we are 
sharing some of that with our customers. But we are also being very thoughtful in-- this is--
We're paying out for the long-term and that means that we are-- our goal is to ship more units and a lot more 
units. And so from that standpoint, you should imagine that the majority of the growth is unit-driven and the 
ASPs are just really to help cover some of the inflationary pressures. 
JEAN H U: And j ust to add to what Lisa said, our ASP is increasing because of the mix where actually each new generation, 
the call counts, those are increasing. That actually drives the ASP up. 
TIMOTHY 
A
RCURI: 
Thanks a  lot for that. And then I guess Lisa also, so there's a lot of new architectures that are being used from 
multi-tenancy all the way to low latency, and your competitor has talked about the low latency part of the market 
being 20% plus and they, of course, added to their portfolio there. Can you talk about how you see that part of 
the market? I mean, obviously you have enough business now you don't need to worry about that, probably for 
now. But can you talk about that? Thanks. 
LISA S U: Yeah, s ure. So look, I think what we're seeing is what we expected in the sense that as you go-- as the AI 
adoption continues and the volumes continue to go up and the overall market goes up, you are going to see, let's 
call it, different compute architectures being used because you want to get more cost optimization from that. So 
we expect that even in that situation, obviously the vast majority of the TAM is still going to be, let's call it, data 
center GPUs as the primary accelerator. 
But y ou may choose to do optimization around inference, around low latency, around certain parts of the stack, 
whether it's decode versus prefill. I think that's very natural. The way we look at it is we're developing a full 
compute portfolio so that CPUs, that's GPUs, that's the ability to connect to all accelerators, as well as the ability 
to do customization for certain customers, and we've also talked about our semi-custom capabilities. 
And w ith all of those compute capabilities in our tool chest, I think we will be able to address very effectively a 
large portion of this market, including the low latency portion of the market. So from our standpoint, this is a 
natural evolution. Now, how fast it goes depends a bit on the technology in terms of what share of the TAM these 
things become. But we should expect that there will be different variants, and we're well prepared to address 
those different variants. 
JOHN: Thank y ou. And the next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please proceed with 
your question. 
VIVEK A RYA: Thanks f or taking my question. Lisa, do you think agentic CPU growth is incremental or is it coming at the 
expense of GPUs conceptually? So if you are raising server CPU TAM, are you also implicitly raising AI TAM? So 
I'm interested in your perspective on what did you think a server CPU was as a percentage of AI TAM before, and 
what is it now with this 120 billion number? 
LISA S U: Sure, V ivek. So the way we're thinking about it is it's largely additive to the TAM. So you should think about we 
need all of the accelerators to run these foundational models. And then as these agents do work, they spawn 
more CPU tasks. So I would say largely incremental. The key is to make sure-- what we're seeing is in these 
deployments, the key is to make sure the ratio of CPUs to GPUs are the right ratio. 
So if you're installing a gigawatt of compute, the ratio or the percentage of CPU as part of that gigawatt will 
increase. Some of the conversation in the industry has been about CPU to GPU ratios. And it's very hard to call 
exactly, but we certainly see the movement towards where in the past the CPU to GPU ratio was primarily just as 
a host node in a 1 to 4 or 1 to 8 configuration. Now changing and getting closer to a 1 to 1 configuration. Or you 
can even imagine if you get lots and lots of agents that you could have more CPUs and GPUs. 
But all in all, to answer your question, I think it's largely additive to the TAM and the key is that everyone is now 
planning and thinking about CPUs at the same time that they're thinking about, their accelerator deployments, 
which is a good thing. 
VIVEK ARYA: And f or my follow-up, Lisa, we continue to see memory prices go up. I imagine that is both a cost inflation for 
you, but perhaps an opportunity to take price as well. I'm curious, how is that dynamic playing out for AMD and 
especially for your customers? Because a greater part of their CapEx increase is really this memory inflation tax 
that they have to pay. So how is this dynamic playing out for you and for your customers? 
And the p art that I'm really interested in is that have you secured enough supply versus your other larger 
competitor who has disclosed a lot of prepayments and other things? So just how is this memory inflation 
dynamic playing out, and are you adequately supplied from that perspective? 
LISA SU: S ure. S o Vivek, let me answer the second one first. I think from a supply standpoint, we are very happy with our 
partnerships with the memory vendors, and we have secured enough supply to certainly meet and exceed our 
targets. So it is a tight memory environment, let me be clear, but I think we are very deep partnerships with the 
memory providers. 
And then b ack to your comments on the inflationary pressures, I mean, look, this is something that everyone in 
the industry is working with. In the time of tight supply, we are seeing some cost increases on the memory side. I 
think we are all working through that. The way we're seeing it unfold in the market is actually on the data center 
side, because of the, let's call it, the demand for AI compute, I mean, people are largely focused on supply and 
ensuring that the supply assurance is there. 
The corollary o f that, the larger impact that we're watching is the impact on the consumer markets. And as we 
said in the prepared remarks, we are expecting that there could be some demand-- the demand impact as a 
result of the memory price increases on things like the PC business in the second half of the year as well as the 
gaming business. So we're taking that into account in our overall model. 
And we c ontinue to work closely with the memory providers as well as our customers to ensure that every time 
we ship a CPU or GPU, that it's paired with the memory on the other side so that we don't have compute that is 
not being deployed. 
JOHN: And the n ext question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question. 
AARON 
RA
KERS: 
Yeah. Thanks f or taking the question, and congrats on the results. I want to stick on the topic of CPU to GPU. And 
as we think about the chart that you had outlined at the Analyst Day, there was obviously broken out between 
traditional CPUs and then the AI bucket on top of that. Obviously, I think the new forecast has a lot to do with the 
AI CPU expansion. I'm just curious, when you're doing a CPU in an AI workload, is there structurally a different 
level of ASP tied to that CPU optimized for AI relative to a general purpose service CPU? Any kind of color or help 
on that would be useful. 
LISA SU: Sure, Aaron. So let me start with the broader question, the broader question regarding the way we think about 
the CPU TAM is, again, think about it as three categories. So there is a traditional CPUs, let's call it, general 
purpose CPU TAM that is increasing, but let's call it increasing at a low rate. Maybe let's call it low double-digits. 
Then you have your AI head node, which is connecting to accelerators, which is also growing, but it's smaller. 
And t hen the largest piece of the growth is this agentic AI piece, which we think is really stemming from all of the 
agentic processes. I don't have a number that I can tell you in terms of relative ASPs, because it really depends 
on the workload that is being run. And what we see going forward is as core counts increase, obviously, we will 
see ASP increase, and that's the direction that we're going in as we go forward. 
But t he main point is the largest portion of this is the agentic AI-- the CPUs that are serving these agentic AI 
workloads in terms of the TAM increase. 
AARON 
R
AKERS: 
Yep. A nd as a quick follow-up, I'm curious, how do you characterize the competitive landscape as we see some of 
the ARM introductions in the market? Just curious of your views on the competitive landscape and server CPUs. 
Thank you. 
LISA S U: Yeah, A aron, the best way to think about the server CPU landscape is, again, number one, everyone is talking 
about CPUs, so that tells you how critical they are for the AI infrastructure. And I think that's a good thing. We 
feel like we're very well-positioned. No question, ARM is a good architecture. It has a place in the data center 
market. We view it as more point products relative to a portfolio where from an AMD standpoint, we've built this 
broad portfolio of CPUs going forward, which you're going to need for all of these different workloads. 
And w e have, in the Venice time frame, added an AI-optimized CPU with Verano in addition to our throughput 
optimized and cost optimized points. So from that standpoint, I think we're very competitive. We're continuing to 
innovate on architecture. We're continuing to innovate on both advanced packaging as well as all of the 
architectural pieces. So we feel very well-positioned going forward. And the key is that TAM is much, much larger 
than anybody thought, and so there's a lot of opportunity for different products to be successful in this area. 
JOHN: And t he next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed with your question. 
C.J. M USE: Yeah, g ood afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question was hoping to speak a bit more 
about client for all of calendar 26. You talk about growth, expected growth, but would love to hear your thoughts 
around seasonality in the second half. And I'm assuming that you are repurposing certain logic tiles from client 
over to the data center, and would love to better understand what the implications are for ASPs on the client side 
looking into the second half. 
LISA S U: Sure. S o C.J., I think the client business has performed really well for us. I think if we look at Q1, it actually was a 
little bit stronger than what we expected. We are seeing some mixed shift in the client business. The mix that 
we're seeing is the MNC or the notebook business is actually growing, especially the premium portion. We're 
making very good progress in the commercial PC arena with our AI PCs. 
We d id see desktops a little bit softer, just given desktop is a more consumer-focused market. And so in that 
market, it's more impacted by some of the memory pricing and the component price increases. When we look at 
the full year, our commentary is we are planning for some demand impact in the second half due to the memory 
pricing. But even in that environment, what we're focused on is ensuring that we continue to make good progress 
on the commercial business and continuing to focus on the premium segments of the market. 
So we believe that we will continue to grow on a year over year basis for the client business compared to last 
year. And as it relates to ASPs, again, it's a little bit of puts and takes between notebook and desktop, but 
overall, I think we're feeling good about our opportunity to outperform the market in client going forward. Did I 
answer? 
C.J. MUSE: That was p erfect. Thank you. And then I guess a question on Instinct gross margins with compute essentially sold 
out. And obviously, you're building a business, so one has to be, I guess, conservative on that front. But I would 
think outside of passing through HBM, that given the very tight wafer environment, that this would be a place 
where could look to drive your Instinct margins closer to your corporate average. How are you thinking about 
that, either today or in the coming one, two, three years? 
JEAN HU: C .J., a t this stage, we really focus on drive the top line revenue growth on our Instinct family of products. I think 
on the gross margin side, you're absolutely right. It's really tied to the demand for compute is tremendous. We 
actually are very strategic how we think about how we work with the customers. And of course, the different 
customers also have different gross margin. I think over time, once we start to ramp our revenue, we'll have a lot 
of opportunities to improve gross margin, both on the ASP side, but also more importantly on the cost side when 
we scale our business. 
JOHN: Thank you. A nd the next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please proceed 
with your question. 
STACY 
RA
SGON: 
Hi, guys. T hanks for taking my questions. For the first one, I just wanted to make sure I have the near-term AI 
GPU trajectory correct. So I know you said it was down sequentially in Q1 because of China. You had like 390 
million of China revenue in Q4. Do the AI business in Q1 actually grow sequentially ex-China? Because it doesn't 
feel like it given the server outlook. 
And then I l ook at what's maybe suggested for Q2. Are you thinking GPUs and servers grow similar rate 
sequentially? Because it would probably put GPUs in Q2 below the overall level that you were at Q4, which seems 
low to me. I'm just trying to tie all that out. Could you help me with that, please? 
JEAN HU: Y eah. S o I think, Stacy, appreciate the question. I think if you look at the Q1, we didn't mention data center AI 
was down modestly sequentially, primarily due to lower China revenue in the quarter. I think on your second 
question regarding Q2, you're right. Both data center AI and the server will grow double-digit in Q2. 
STACY 
RA
SGON: 
Yeah, but y ou didn't answer my question. In Q1, did it grow sequentially ex the China step down I guess is what 
I'm asking. 
JEAN HU: T he C hina for our business in Q1, it's not material. So I think I will repeat what I just said, is that, yeah, the China 
revenue in Q1 is not material. 
STACY 
RA
SGON: 
OK. OK. S o you don't want to answer-- you don't want to-- OK. Second question. OpEx for spending, but it 
continues to blow past the targets. You give an OpEx guide and then it blows through it and then you guide 
higher. So again, I'm not bothered by the spending. I'm just wondering why is the OpEx been so hard to forecast, 
and how should we think about OpEx through the rest of the year given the revenue growth? 
JEAN HU: Yeah. Thanks, Stacy, for that question. I think the most important thing is given the tremendous market 
opportunities we have, we actually are investing aggressively. If you look at the past several quarters, we really 
leaning in investing, but all the AI investments are driving the revenue momentum. So if you look at the Q1, 
revenue was 38% up, but then Q2, it was 4-- we guided 46% up. 
The investments a re driving the revenue momentum. Some of the OpEx increase, of course, is tied to the 
revenue. When you look at our beat on the revenue side versus our guidance, we did beat on the revenue side. 
So that impacts a little bit. But also at the same time, we have a lot of customer engagement with our data 
center AI business. We do continue to make sure we have the resources to support our different customers. 
MATT RAMSAY: T hank y ou very much. Operator, I think we have time for one more caller on the call. Thank you very-- thank you. 
JOHN: Thank you. O ur final question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis with Jefferies. Please proceed with your 
question. 
BLAYNE 
CU
RTIS: 
Hey. Well, t hanks for squeezing me in. Lisa, I just want to go back to the supply side. There was a lot of story 
about your competitor restarting 7 nanometer. I'm just curious, as you look at that landscape, which is quite 
robust through the end of a decade, do you think that the older products will stay around longer? And is there a 
way to think about the implications for gross margin in such a strong market? Is that actually a negative? 
LISA SU: A ctually, B layne, I don't think we see the older products hanging around longer in our case. I think it might be 
company-specific stuff. In our case, we actually see-- first of all, Turin is very strong. We actually crossed over 
50% of our revenue being Turin in this quarter. Genoa is very strong. We're still shipping some Milan, but I would 
say that's come down over time. 
So in g eneral, people want to use the more-- the newer products because they're just more efficient in every 
aspect, from performance, from cost structure, from power standpoint. So that's what we're seeing. By the way, I 
should also mention, in addition to what we're seeing in the cloud segment of server, we're seeing really nice 
strong pickup in enterprise. And there as well, we're seeing our newer products do very well. 
So from o ur standpoint, it is all about ensuring that we ship what the customer needs. And in this case, it 
typically is our newer products, and we expect that to continue. As we transition into Venice later this year, we 
will expect Turin and Genoa to continue shipping, but there's a lot of goodness in going to the new products. 
And on t he supply chain side, I know there's been a lot of discussion about how tight the supply chain is. The 
supply chain is tight, I would definitely say that, but I also think, this is an area where we excel. We have very 
deep relationships across the supply chain, on the wafer side, on the back end capacity side, and we are seeing 
meaningful improvements in that. And as our customers come to us with more demand, we are getting more 
supply. 
And the g ood thing about this is we're now talking about 27 CPU demand. We're talking about 28 CPU demand. 
And so that allows us to just plan much better as we go forward. 
BLAYNE 
CU
RTIS: 
And then j ust a quick one for Jean, I'm just curious to follow-up on Stacy's question on OpEx. I guess I was a little 
surprised that SG&A is outpacing R&D. I was just curious is that startup costs? I mean, because in a strong 
market, you wouldn't think you would have to discount or have a big sales effort. So I'm just curious for the year 
how you think about R&D growth versus SG&A. 
JEAN HU: I think for the year, you should expect us to grow R&D much faster than SG&A. I think in the past few quarters, 
we have been really building our go-to-market machine, and we have been investing more in sales and marketing 
side. But going forward, you should expect the year over year growth. R&D will grow faster than SG&A growth. 
LISA S U: And i f I just add to that, Blayne, the places that we invest-- Jean is absolutely right. We're investing in R&D ahead 
of sales and marketing. But the places that we're investing in sales and marketing are paying off. So the 
investments are going into enterprise servers. They're going into commercial PCs. They're going into mid-market, 
small and medium business. These are places where AMD traditionally didn't invest. 
But n ow that we have a much broader portfolio, both on the server CPU and on the commercial PC side, it makes 
sense for us to invest because that's the very best part of those markets. 
MATT R AMSAY: All r ight. Thank you very much, everybody for joining and your interest in AMD. John, you can go ahead and close 
the call now. Thanks. 
JOHN: Thank y ou. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the question and answer session, and that also 
concludes today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation. Please disconnect your lines, and have a 
wonderful day. 