 
 
 
 
S&P Global 
2017 Annual Shareholders Meeting 
Prepared Remarks 
April 26, 2017 
 
      Douglas L. Peterson 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
      S&P Global 
 
Thank you, Ed. Good morning to everyone here at our global headquarters in Lower Manhattan and 
to those listening on the webcast. Thank you all for being here today, and thank you for your 
continued support of our Company. 
 
Before we get underway, I’d like to introduce the Operating Committee. 
 
Will they please stand as I say their names: 
 
John Berisford  President, S&P Global Ratings 
 
Martina Cheung  Head of Global Risk Services 
 
Mike Chinn  President, S&P Global Market and Commodities Intelligence  
 
Martin Fraenkel  President, S&P Global Platts 
 
Courtney Geduldig Executive Vice President, Public Affairs 
 
France Gingras  Executive Vice President, Human Resources 
 
Steve Kemps  Executive Vice President & General Counsel 
 
Nancy Luquette  Senior Vice President, Chief Risk and Audit Executive  
 
Alex Matturri  CEO, S&P Dow Jones Indices 
 
Krishna Nathan  Chief Information Officer 
 
Paul Sheard                     Executive Vice President & Chief Global Economist  
 
Ewout Steenbergen Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 
 
and  
 
Ashu Suyash   CEO, CRISIL  
 
Ladies and gentlemen, your senior leadership team.  
 
They are doing a great job. Thank you very much. 
  
 
 
 
S&P Global  |  2017 Annual Shareholders Meeting ‐ Prepared Remarks  page 2 
Today, I want to review our recent accomplishments, put 2016’s performance in perspective and 
explain why I am optimistic about our future.  We will then have time for questions and comments. 
 
But first, I want to take a moment to point out that it was one year ago at this meeting that you, our 
shareholders, approved rebranding the Company as S&P Global.  S&P Global symbolizes everything 
we have done to reposition the business portfolio and unlock the essential intelligence that our clients 
across capital and commodities markets need to make important business decisions. 
 
Take a step back and think about the past 12 months. We performed well across the board and 
generated another year of solid growth as we implement our strategy to create long-term sustainable 
value: 
 
• We delivered strong financial performance in 2016.  
 
• We made significant progress integrating SNL Financial and S&P Capital IQ to form S&P Global 
Market Intelligence.  
 
• We continued to reshape the portfolio with a number of value-creating transactions.  
 
• For instance, we sold J.D. Power for $1.1 billion. 
 
• And we invested for future growth by adding complementary capabilities, including three tuck-in  
acquisitions to build Platts’ analytical offerings.  
 
These accomplishments are significant in any year, but they were especially gratifying in 2016, a time 
marked by global political, economic and market volatility. Unpredictability seemed to be the one 
constant, as rising populism drove the Brexit vote and U.S. election results, questions persisted about 
rising interest rates in the U.S., and oil prices rebounded sharply after hitting their cyclical lows at the 
start the year.   
 
Amidst all of this change, I’m deeply proud of our 20,000 employees around the globe. Their insights 
are as important as ever.  Everyone from our data scientists to credit analysts, from our analytical 
managers to project managers play an absolutely essential role in bringing transparency and an 
independent point of view to an uncertain world. On behalf of the senior management team and 
Board, I thank them for their hard work and dedication. 
 
Beyond these shifts, we operate in a business environment with a mixed macroeconomic landscape, 
rapid technological innovation, an evolving regulatory situation and a growing interest among a range 
of stakeholders in the private sector’s environmental, social and governance performance. 
 
To some, these types of changes and the uncertainty I mentioned can spark volatility, dampen 
business confidence and ultimately lower growth. That has not been the case for us. In times like this, 
where these powerful trends are reshaping the global economy, our markets and our customers 
require the very services we offer. As a result, we’ve been operating from a position of strength.  
 
Consider that last year: 
 
• Revenue grew 7% to $5.66 billion; 
 
 
 
 
S&P Global  |  2017 Annual Shareholders Meeting ‐ Prepared Remarks  page 3 
• Adjusted net income increased 10% to $1.42 billion;   
 
• Adjusted diluted earnings per share rose 14% to $5.35; and 
 
• We returned $1.5 billion to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends.  
 
And yesterday we announced we are off to a great start to 2017. During the first quarter of this year: 
 
• Revenue increased 8%, reflecting divestures and acquisitions. On an organic basis, revenue grew  
18%; 
 
• Adjusted net income increased 32% to $422 million; and  
 
• Adjusted diluted earnings per share rose 35% to $1.62. 
 
We’re very pleased with those results. But we’re not complacent. We’re committed to building on this 
progress with a sharp focus on growth and excellence in everything we do. 
 
What does this mean for our earnings? Our 2017 guidance, which we just increased yesterday, calls 
for adjusted diluted earnings per share in the range of $6.00 to $6.20.  
 
That represents 12% growth if we achieve the low end of the range. And it extends our record of 
double-digit adjusted earnings growth. Over the last five years, in fact, we have generated an 18% 
compound annual growth rate. 
 
To achieve our goals, not only this year but in the years ahead, we need to build excellence into all 
that we do. 
 
Let me give you a few examples of what I mean.  
 
As we’ve said before, the integration of SNL and S&P Capital IQ is a top priority. A very visible result 
of this work will occur when we launch a beta version of the new Market Intelligence platform in the 
fall. This will provide greater insights to our clients, allow them to make better and faster decisions 
and operate with greater efficiency.  
 
Another example of embedding growth and excellence in everything we do is embodied in the 
tradition of creativity and innovation in our index business. 
 
To support the shift to passive investing from active management we are working toward creating an 
index for every single kind of investment, across asset classes and geographies. Last year alone, we 
launched more than 400 new indices.  
 
And we have responded to the growing and evolving global demand for essential insights and 
benchmarks across credit, equity and commodities markets in other ways as well.  
 
For example, we are leveraging recent acquisitions to create world-class supply and demand 
analytics for Platts’ customers.  
 
 
 
 
S&P Global  |  2017 Annual Shareholders Meeting ‐ Prepared Remarks  page 4 
And we’ve been working on a new platform for debt issuers called Ratings 360™. After a pilot, which 
is underway now, we anticipate rolling it out later this year. This powerful platform offers integrated, 
full-spectrum analytical insights from S&P Global Ratings. It’s a holistic, singular view of credit risk 
that has never before been presented in this way and provides a new level of transparency. 
 
The other area where we are expanding the breadth and depth of our product portfolio is in response 
to the rising needs of long-term investors who are increasingly focused on environmental, social and 
governance matters.  
 
We calculate approximately $83 billion of green bonds were issued last year and the expectation is 
for $200 billion of green bonds to be issued this year. 
 
To meet this movement’s growing demands, we have taken a number of proactive steps. 
 
Just today, in fact, S&P Global Ratings began offering the market Green Evaluations, a tool to 
measure sustainability at the asset level. 
 
And earlier this year, we announced the launch of the S&P Green Bond Select Index. This index 
captures the most liquid and tradeable segment of green-labeled bonds issued globally. We are very 
pleased to have licensed the index to the global investment firm VanEck for an exchange-traded fund. 
 
In addition, last year we acquired Trucost. Trucost is an excellent business whose whole mission is to 
deliver the insights and transparency that are fundamental to transition to a low carbon, resource 
efficient economy. 
 
This worthy ambition is not foreign to us. That is why S&P Dow Jones Indices already publishes and 
calculates more than 100 ESG-focused indices. 
 
Across our entire Company we are committed to finding essential connections between our 
capabilities and the needs of society to create economic opportunities and thriving communities. 
 
Add all of this up and you see we are very well positioned to build on our strong record of 
accomplishments. We continue to be excited about our ability to leverage our essential intelligence to 
deliver insights for our customers and long-term value for our shareholders.  
 
Before we conclude, I want to echo Ed’s remarks and acknowledge the distinguished service of Sir 
Win and Hilda, who are retiring from our Board. Our sincere thanks to them for the wise counsel and 
oversight they’ve provided to help us achieve the growth and success that have endured at this 
Company over many years.  
 
Thank you to all of our Directors for their guidance and leadership. 
 
I also want to thank our shareholders for their investment. 
 
With that, we will now open the meeting to questions. 
 
With no further questions or comments, we thank you for your time and being a part of this meeting.  
 
-###- 
 
 
 
S&P Global  |  2017 Annual Shareholders Meeting ‐ Prepared Remarks  page 5 
To access the accompanying slides online, go to: 
http://investor.spglobal.com/IRW/CustomPage/4023623/Index?KeyGenPage=1073751596&event=18939 
 
 
“Safe Harbor” Statement Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
These remarks contain “forward-looking statements,” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act 
of 1995. These statements, which express management’s current views concerning future events, trends, 
contingencies or results, appear at various places in this report and use words like “anticipate,” “assume,” 
“believe,” “continue,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “future,” “intend,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” 
“strategy,” “target” and similar terms, and future or conditional tense verbs like “could,” “may,” “might,” “should,” 
“will” and “would.” For example, management may use forward-looking statements when addressing topics 
such as: the outcome of contingencies; future actions by regulators; changes in the Company’s business 
strategies and methods of generating revenue; the development and performance of the Company’s services 
and products; the expected impact of acquisitions and dispositions; the Company’s effective tax rates; and the 
Company’s cost structure, dividend policy, cash flows or liquidity. 
 
Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements include, among other 
things: 
 worldwide economic, political and regulatory conditions, in cluding conditions that may result from legislative, 
regulatory and policy changes associated with the current U.S. administration or the United Kingdom’s likely exit 
from the European Union; 
 the rapidly evolving regulatory environment, in the Un ited States and abroad, affecting Ratings, Market and 
Commodities Intelligence and Indices, including new and amended regulations and the Company’s compliance 
therewith; 
 the Company’s ability to maintain adequate physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect the 
security of confidential information and data, and the potential for unauthorized access to our systems or a system 
or network disruption that results in improper disclosure of confidential information or data, regulatory penalties 
and remedial costs; 
 our ability to make acquis itions and dispositions and successfully integrate the businesses we acquire; 
 the outcome of litigation, gov ernment and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries; 
 the health of debt and equity markets, including credit qua lity and spreads, the level of liquidity and future debt 
issuances; 
 the demand and market for credit ratings in and ac ross the sectors and geographies where the Company 
operates; 
 concerns in the marketplac e affecting the Company’s credibility or otherwise affecting market perceptions of the 
integrity or utility of independent credit ratings; 
 the effect of competitive products and pricing, including the level of success of new product developments and 
global expansion; 
 consolidation in the Company’s end-customer markets; 
 the impact of customer cost-cutting pressures, includi ng in the financial services industry and commodities 
markets; 
 a decline in the demand for credit risk manag ement tools by financial institutions; 
 the level of merger and acquisition ac tivity in the United States and abroad; 
 the volatility of the energy marketplace and the health of the commodities markets; 
 our ability to attract, incent ivize and retain key employees; 
 the Company’s ability to succ essfully recover should it experience a disaster or other business continuity problem 
from a hurricane, flood, earthquake, terrorist attack, pandemic, security breach, cyber-attack, power loss, 
telecommunications failure or other natural or man-made event; 
 changes in applicable tax or accounting requirements, including potential tax reform under the current U.S. 
administration;  
 the level of the Company’s future cash flows and capital investments; 
 the impact on the Company’s revenue and net income caus ed by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
and 
 
 
 
S&P Global  |  2017 Annual Shareholders Meeting ‐ Prepared Remarks  page 6 
 the Company’s exposure to potential criminal sanctions or ci vil penalties if it fails to comply with foreign and U.S. 
laws and regulations that are applicable in the domestic and international jurisdictions in which it operates, 
including sanctions laws relating to countries such as Iran, Russia, Sudan and Syria, anti-corruption laws such as 
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, and local laws prohibiting corrupt 
payments to government officials, as well as import and export restrictions. 
 
The factors noted above are not exhaustive. The Company and its subsidiaries operate in a dynamic business 
environment in which new risks emerge frequently. Accordingly, the Company cautions readers not to place 
undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. 
The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect events or 
circumstances arising after the date on which it is made, except as required by applicable law. Further 
information about the Company’s businesses, including information about factors that could materially affect its 
results of operations and financial condition, is contained in the Company’s filings with the SEC, including the 
“Risk Factors” section in the Company’s most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 