Tasha Matharu
Associate General Counsel 
and Corporate Secretary
Annual Shareholders 
Meeting 2020
Ed Haldeman
Chairman
May 13, 2020
Doug Peterson
President and CEO
1
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Tasha Matharu
Associate General Counsel 
and Corporate Secretary
2
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
2020 Annual Meeting 
Rules of Conduct
–Shareholders are offered the same rights 
and opportunities as an in-person meeting
–We welcome questions from shareholders
–Consult the Rules of Conduct
3
To submit questions during the Annual Meeting, please log 
in to the meeting as a shareholder using your 15-digit 
control number and follow the instructions.
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Comparison of adjusted information
to U.S. GAAP information
This presentation includes adjusted financial measures that are derived from 
the Company’s continuing operations. This non-GAAP information is provided 
in order to allow investors to make meaningful comparisons of the Company’s 
operating performance between periods and to view the Company’s business 
from the same perspective as Company management.
The Company’s earnings release dated April 28, 2020 contains exhibits that 
reconcile the differences between the non-GAAP measures and comparable 
financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Such exhibits 
are available on the Company’s website at 
http://investor.spglobal.com/quarterly-earnings
Reconciliations of certain forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to 
comparable GAAP measures are not available due to the challenges and 
impracticability with estimating some of the items. The Company is not able 
to provide reconciliations of such forward-looking non-GAAP financial 
measures because certain items required for such reconciliations are outside 
the Company's control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Because of 
those challenges, reconciliations of such forward-looking non-GAAP 
financial measures are not available without unreasonable effort.
4
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
“Safe Harbor” statement under the Private 
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
5
– worldwide economic, financial, political and regulatory conditions, and factors that contribute to uncertainty and
volatility including natural and man-made disasters, pandemics (e.g., COVID-19), geopolitical uncertainty, and
conditions that may result from legislative, regulatory, trade and policy changes associated with the current U.S.
administration;
– the Company’s ability to maintain adequate physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect the
security of confidential information and data, and the potential for a system or network disruption that results in
regulatory penalties and remedial costs or improper disclosure of confidential information or data;
– the outcome of litigation, government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries;
– the health of debt and equity markets, including credit quality and spreads, the level of liquidity and future debt
issuances, demand for investment products that track indices and trading volumes of certain exchange traded
derivatives;
– the demand and market for credit ratings in and across the sectors and geographies where the Company
operates;
– concerns in the marketplace affecting the Company’s credibility or otherwise affecting market perceptions of the
integrity or utility of independent credit ratings, benchmarks and indices;
– the effect of competitive products and pricing, including the level of success of new product developments and
global expansion;
– the Company’s exposure to potential criminal sanctions or civil penalties for noncompliance with foreign and
U.S. laws and regulations that are applicable in the domestic and international jurisdictions in which it operates,
including sanctions laws relating to countries such as Iran, Russia, Sudan, Syria and Venezuela, anti-corruption
laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, and local laws prohibiting
corrupt payments to government officials, as well as import and export restrictions;
– the continuously evolving regulatory environment, in Europe, the United States and elsewhere, affecting S&P
Global Ratings, S&P Global Platts, S&P Dow Jones Indices, and S&P Global Market Intelligence, including new
and amended regulations and the Company’s compliance therewith;
– the Company’s ability to successfully recover should it experience a disaster or other business continuity 
problem from a hurricane, flood, earthquake, terrorist attack, pandemic, security breach, cyber attack, power 
loss, telecommunications failure or other natural or man-made event, including the ability to function 
remotely during long-term disruptions such as the COVID-19 pandemic;
– the Company’s ability to make acquisitions and dispositions and successfully integrate the businesses we 
acquire;
– consolidation in the Company’s end-customer markets;
– the introduction of competing products or technologies by other companies; 
– the impact of customer cost-cutting pressures, including in the financial services industry and the 
commodities markets;
– a decline in the demand for credit risk management tools by financial institutions;
– the level of merger and acquisition activity in the United States and abroad;
– the volatility of the energy marketplace and the health of the commodities markets; 
– our ability to attract, incentivize and retain key employees;
– the level of the Company’s future cash flows and capital investments;
– the impact on the Company’s revenue and net income caused by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange 
rates;
– the Company's ability to adjust to changes in European and United Kingdom markets as the United 
Kingdom leaves the European Union, and the impact of the United Kingdom’s departure on our credit rating 
activities and other offerings in the European Union and United Kingdom; and
– the impact of changes in applicable tax or accounting requirements, including the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on 
the Company.
The factors noted above are not exhaustive. The Company and its subsidiaries operate in a dynamic business environment in which new risks emerge frequently. Accordingly, the Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on 
any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date 
on which it is made, except as required by applicable law. Further information about the Company’s businesses, including information about factors that could materially affect its results of operations and financial condition, is contained in 
the Company’s filings with the SEC, including Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and Item 1A, Risk Factors in our most recently filed Form 10-Q.
This presentation contains “forward-looking statements,” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These statements, including statements about COVID-19 and the scenarios we are using to project the impact of 
the pandemic on the Company, which express management’s current views concerning future events, trends, contingencies or results, appear at various places in this report and use words like “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,” 
“estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “future,” “intend,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “strategy,” “target” and similar terms, and future or conditional tense verbs like “could,” “may,” “might,” “should,” “will” and “would.” For example, 
management may use forward-looking statements when addressing topics such as: the outcome of contingencies; future actions by regulators; changes in the Company’s business strategies and methods of generating revenue; the 
development and performance of the Company’s services and products; the expected impact of acquisitions and dispositions; the Company’s effective tax rates; and the Company’s cost structure, dividend policy, cash flows or liquidity.
Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements include, among other things:
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
EU regulation affecting investors
in credit rating agencies
6
European Union Regulation 1060/2009 (as amended) applies 
to credit rating agencies (CRAs) registered in the European 
Union and therefore to the activities of S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited which is registered and regulated as a CRA 
with the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”).  
Any person obtaining direct or indirect ownership or control of 
5% or more or 10% or more of the shares in S&P Global Inc. 
may (i) impact how S&P Global Ratings can conduct its CRA 
activities in the European Union and/or (ii) themselves become 
directly impacted by EU Regulation 1060/2009 (as amended).  
Persons who have or expect to obtain such shareholdings 
in S&P Global Inc. should promptly contact Chip Merritt 
at S&P Global’s Investor Relations department 
(chip.merritt@spglobal.com) for more information and 
should also obtain independent legal advice in such respect.
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Doug Peterson
President and CEO
7
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
8

Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Thank you, Alex Matturri
9
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Welcome, Dan Draper
10
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Agenda
11
General Q&A
Business of the 
Annual Meeting
S&P Global Update/
Response to COVID-19

Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
12
Our Response to COVID-19: 
Supporting Colleagues, 
Customers & Communities 
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Colleagues
13
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
14
Customers
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Our economists expect 2020 
global GDP to decline 2.4%
– Most countries have extended social 
distancing restrictions/lockdowns
– Exit strategies appear to be more 
gradual than expected
– The balance of risks remains on the 
downside, as much can change on the 
health, economic, and policy fronts
As of April 16, 2020. Source: S&P Global Economists, S&P Global Ratings CCC Hub
15
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
2020 Macro and market outlook
16
1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q
Real GDP % 
Change -5% -35% 24% 18%
S&P 500 Index 
(period avg) 3,069 2,412 2,583 2,712
Unemployment 
rate % (period avg) 4% 14% 9% 8%
US Default Rate Forecast3 Brent Oil Forecast4
Baseline, 10%
Pessimistic, 13%
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
1982 1984 1986 1988 1990 1992 1994 1996 1998 2000 2002 2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 2020
(% default rate)
1) S&P Global Ratings “COVID-19 Deals A Larger, Longer Hit to Global GDP” published April 16, 2020; 1Q20 GDP represents the Bureau of Economic Analysis 
advance estimate released April 29, 2020
2) S&P Global Ratings “Global Financing Conditions: Bond Issuance is Expected to Contract by 9% in 2020” published April 27, 2020
3) S&P Global Ratings Research and S&P Global Market Intelligence’s CreditPro
4) S&P Global Platts Analytics “Weekly Coronavirus and Energy Market Update” as of April 23, 2020
2020 US Economic & Market Forecasts1 Global Issuance Forecast (ex-IPF)2
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Communities
17
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
No one knows for certain 
when we’ll return to any 
sense of normalcy. Or what 
that will even look like. But 
we do know that our work is 
as essential as ever.
In the meantime – now and always – market participants will continue 
to need trusted and transparent data, benchmarks and analytics to 
make decisions. I’m proud of the role we play in the markets and very 
pleased with the way our people have responded to COVID-19. 
18
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Tasha Matharu
Associate General Counsel 
and Corporate Secretary
19
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Ed Haldeman
Chairman of the Board
20
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Board of Directors
21
Marco Alverà
CEO
Snam S.p.A.
William D. Green
Former CEO & 
Chairman
Accenture
Stephanie C. Hill
Senior Vice President, 
Enterprise Business 
Transformation 
Lockheed Martin
Rebecca Jacoby
Former Senior Vice 
President, Operations
Cisco Systems, Inc.
Monique F. Leroux
Former CEO & Chair
Desjardins Group
Maria R. Morris
Former Executive 
Vice President
MetLife, Inc.
Douglas L. Peterson
President & CEO
S&P Global
William J. Amelio
CEO
Avnet, Inc.
Edward B. Rust, Jr.
Former Chairman & CEO 
State Farm
Kurt L. Schmoke
President
University of 
Baltimore
Ed Haldeman
Chairman
S&P Global
Richard E. Thornburgh
Former Vice Chairman
Credit Suisse Group A.G.

Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Business to be acted on
22
Elect 12 directors
Other business matters 
Ratify the selection of  
of Ernst & Young LLP
Approve, on an advisory 
basis, the executive 
compensation program for 
the company’s named 
executive officers
Approve an amendment to 
the company's certificate of 
incorporation to permit 
removal of a director with 
or without cause

Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Doug Peterson
President and CEO
23
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Q&A
24
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
Thank you
25
Footer :  Never change the footer text on individual slides. Change, turn on or off footer by using Data color order: Complimentary colors:
26
Ed Haldeman
Chairman
Doug Peterson
President and CEO
Tasha Matharu
Associate General Counsel 
and Corporate Secretary
Internet replay available for one year
Go to http://investor.spglobal.com/Investor-Presentations
Annual Shareholders 
Meeting 2020