1 Main Capital Management | ir@1maincapital.com  1 
 
January 2026 
Dear Partners, 
 
For the fourth quarter, 1 Main Capital Partners, L.P. ( “1MC” or the “Fund”) returned 3.4%, compared to 
2.7% and 2.2% for the S&P 500 and Russell 2000, respectively.1  
  
1MC’s goal remains to generate  strong long-term performance, without taking on excess risk. In the 
context of such an objective, there is little use reading too much into a given year. Fortunately, our since-
inception results reflect sustained progress towards achieving that goal and validation of the strategy.  
1MC’s three largest holdings in 2025 were our largest winners (IWG, BFIT and DNTL) , contributing a 
combined 30% gross (25% net). DNTL was acquired by GTCR while we continue to hold material positions 
in IWG and BFIT, which account for just under half of our capital. 
Meanwhile, the Fund’s three largest detractors in 2025 (SUP, WATR, PRKR) cost us a combined 6% gross 
(5% net). We sold SUP in May after it lost its two largest customers, before it was taken over by lenders. 
Our quick exit saved us from losing an additional 1% of our capital on the position. We also sold WATR, 
after I lost faith in management, and added to PRKR, about which I remain optimistic . Lastly, we added 
substantially to our position in LMB, making it a core holding for 1MC once again. 
As has been the case over the last eight years, I continue to size my highest conviction core investments 
aggressively (5-25% of capital) and opportunistic bets as options (typically 1-3% of capital). In each case, I 
consider not just the expected upside, but also potential downside – an approach that has served us well. 
Looking forward to 2026, I am excited to welcome a new analyst . With an MBA from Columbia Business 
School and nearly a decade of public equity buyside experience , I expect he will ramp quickly, allowing 
me to significantly accelerate the velocity of ideas evaluated for our portfolio. He starts next month. 
Current Positioning 
At quarter-end, the Fund’s top five positions were Basic-Fit (BFIT NA), International Workplace Group 
(IWG), Limbach Holdings (LMB), Radiant Logistics (RLGT) and our ski/wake b asket (MCFT and MBUU) , 
which together accounted for approximately 65% of capital. 
Round Three: Limbach Holdings (LMB) 
Limbach Holdings (LMB) was the Fund’s top contributor in 2020 and 2023 and has been our most lucrative 
investment since inception. In Q4, I added significantly to our position, once again making it a core holding 
for the Fund, after its shares declined 55% from their 2025 high due to concerns around a temporary 
 
1 Performance data for the Fund’s Class A Interests is net of any accrued incentive allocation, management fees and sundry expenses (as disclosed 
in the Fund’s Confidential Private Offering Memorandum)  and assume an investment from inception. Returns for month -end and year-to-date 
2025 are estimated. For investor specific returns, please refer to your capital statements.  
Inception
2025 Cumulative Annualized
1 Main Capital Partners - net 20.1% 346.9% 20.8%
S&P 500 17.9% 176.0% 13.7%
Russell 2000 12.8% 74.6% 7.3%
ITD is from the Fund’s inception, February 1, 2018.
 
       1 Main Capital Management | ir@1maincapital.com  2 
 
demand slowdown in Q2 and Q3, largely driven by uncertainty surrounding the 2025 government 
shutdown. 
As a reminder, LMB is a leading building systems solution firm that partners with owners of mission-critical 
infrastructure to offer design, engineering, maintenance, and repair services. The company specializes in 
mechanical, electrical, and plumbing syst ems for customers in six core verticals: healthcare, 
industrial/manufacturing, data centers, life sciences, higher education, and entertainment. 
Since coming public in 2016, LMB has transitioned from bidding almost entirely  through general 
contractors (GCR) to owner-direct relationships (ODR). For 2025, the company’s guidance suggests that 
ODR will have accounted for approximately 75% of its revenues and a greater share of gross profits. 
The merits of this shift are clear: ODR projects are smaller, higher-margin, less capital-intensive, and less 
cyclical than GCR work. Roughly one-third of LMB’s ODR revenue comes from high-velocity maintenance 
or fixed-price repairs under $10k, while the rest is project-based work with an average size of $250k —a 
stark contrast to the average GCR project of $2 -3 million. Crucially, ODR clients view LMB as a trusted 
strategic partner essential to their daily operations, whereas general contractors often view the firm as a 
replaceable subcontractor. 
This transition has driven LMB’s EBITDA margins from 3% in 2019 to 12% today. While consolidated 
revenue growth was muted during this period as the company walked away from lower-quality GCR work, 
I believe we are now at an inflection point where organic revenue growth will accelerate whi le margin 
expansion remains steady.  
Additionally, LMB has very little debt and is highly cash generative with a robust acquisition pipeline.  It 
has proven that it can acquire GCR-heavy businesses at just 5x EBITDA and transition them to ODR . This 
“buy and transform” strategy further reduces its entry multiple and represents an exceptional use of FCF. 
Between organic ODR growth and accretive acquisitions, I believe LMB can grow FCF per share at 
approximately a 20% CAGR over the medium term without the need for financial leverage. As the 
company grows, diversifies its geographic footprint, and becomes be tter understood by the broader 
market, I expect growth in both its earnings power and multiple. 
Outlook 
As we head into 2026, economic indicators appear strong and broader indices are at levels that suggest a 
degree of optimism regarding interest rates and the durability of growth. Specifically, mega-caps and new-
economy winners are priced at valuations that leave little room for misstep. Conversely, there remains a 
pool of smaller, old -economy businesses that remain ignored and mispriced. The fact that smaller 
companies as a group have consistently underperformed larger companies since the Fund’s inception has 
provided us with opportunities to acquire high-quality businesses at multiples that I believe to be bargains. 
While passive flows and "pod shops" dominate short -term price action, I remain confident that share 
prices follow the trajectory of free cash flow per share over the long term. Many of our top holdings 
currently generate double -digit FCF yields while reinv esting at high rates of return into long growth 
runways. These businesses are led by aligned management teams who take advantage of market 
dislocations to make acquisitions, widen their moats, and buy back shares. 
For concentrated fundamental investors willing to do the work and able to build conviction, the market’s 
shift toward passive and short -termism is a gift. It allows us to find attractive opportunities where high 
quality meets low valuation, and to concentrate our capital accordingly. 
 
       1 Main Capital Management | ir@1maincapital.com  3 
 
As we look toward 2026, 1MC remains focused on our best ideas. I continue to believe our portfolio is 
significantly more attractive than the indices. Additionally, I remain prepared to rebalance our capital into 
its highest and best use whenever the inevitable macro air pocket resurfaces. 
I am grateful for your continued partnership and for the luxury of a long-term capital base that allows us 
to look past quarterly noise in pursuit of multi -year compounding. I remain incredibly excited about the 
future of 1MC. 
Other Updates 
The Fund remains open to capital from existing and new like -minded partners; notably, the Founder’s 
Class has $10 million of capacity remaining. While the vast majority of my time is dedicated to research 
on current and prospective holdings, I continue to value referrals. Additionally, I will be attending several 
cap intro events in the coming months and would welcome the chance to meet in person.  
• BTIG (Omaha, NE) 
• Cannell Capital 3PM (Alta, WY) 
• Jefferies (NYC) 
• Raymond James (Virtual) 
• Santangel’s Roundtable (NYC) 
Please reach out if you would like to connect at or around any of the above, or with any other thoughts 
or questions. 
Sincerely, 
Yaron Naymark 
 
 
Performance Summary2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 Performance data for the Fund’s Class A Interests is net of any accrued incentive allocation, management fees and sundry expenses (as disclosed 
in the Fund’s Confidential Private Offering Memorandum)  and assume an investment from inception. Returns for month -end and year-to-date 
2025 are estimated. For investor specific returns, please refer to your capital statements.  
2025 Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec YTD
1 Main Capital Partners - Gross 3.5% 1.7% -8.1% 5.2% 3.1% 6.5% -1.7% 2.8% 6.7% -1.0% 3.8% 1.6% 25.7%
1 Main Capital Partners - Net 2.8% 1.4% -7.5% 5.1% 2.5% 5.2% -1.4% 2.2% 5.5% -0.9% 3.1% 1.2% 20.1%
S&P 500 index - incl dividends 2.8% -1.3% -5.6% -0.7% 6.3% 5.1% 2.2% 2.0% 3.6% 2.3% 0.2% 0.1% 17.9%
Russell 2000 - incl dividends 2.6% -5.4% -6.8% -2.3% 5.3% 5.4% 1.7% 7.1% 3.1% 1.8% 1.0% -0.6% 12.8%
One Three Five Since Inception
Year Year Year Inception Annualized
1 Main Capital Partners - Gross 25.7% 29.5% 26.3% 545.2% 26.6%
1 Main Capital Partners - Net 20.1% 24.6% 20.6% 346.9% 20.8%
S&P 500 index - incl dividends 17.9% 23.0% 14.4% 176.0% 13.7%
Russell 2000 - incl dividends 12.8% 13.7% 6.1% 74.6% 7.3%
 
       1 Main Capital Management | ir@1maincapital.com  4 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
50%
100%
150%
200%
250%
300%
350%
400%
450%
500%
Feb-18
Jun-18
Oct-18
Feb-19
Jun-19
Oct-19
Feb-20
Jun-20
Oct-20
Feb-21
Jun-21
Oct-21
Feb-22
Jun-22
Oct-22
Feb-23
Jun-23
Oct-23
Feb-24
Jun-24
Oct-24
Feb-25
Jun-25
Oct-25
1 Main, net S&P 500 Russell 2000
 
       1 Main Capital Management | ir@1maincapital.com  5 
 
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES 
In general.  This disclaimer applies to this document and the verbal or written comments of any person presenting it (collectively, 
the “Report”).  The information contained in this Report is provided for informational purposes only and does not contain certain 
material information about 1 Main Capital Partners, L.P. (the “Fund”), including important disclosures and risk factors associated 
with an investment in the Fund, and no representation or warranty is made concerning the completeness or accuracy of th is 
information.  To the extent that you rely on the Report in connection with an investment decision, you do so at your own risk .  
Certain information contained herein was obtained from or provided by third -party sources; although such information is 
believed to be accurate, it has not been independently verified.  The information in the Report is provided to you as of the dates 
indicated and 1 Main Capital Management, LLC and its affiliates (collectively, the “ Manager”) do not intend to update the 
information after its distribution, even in the event the information becomes materially inaccurate.  
No offer to purchase or sell securities.  This Report does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, and 
may not be relied upon in connection with the purchase of any security, including an interest in the Fund or any other fund 
managed by the Manager.  Any such o ffer would only be made by means of such Fund’s formal private placement documents, 
the terms of which shall govern in all respects.  
Performance Information.  Unless otherwise noted, any performance numbers used in the Report are for the Fund’s Class A 
Interests, and are net of any accrued incentive allocation, management fees and other applicable expenses, include the 
reinvestment of dividends, interest and capital gains, and assume an investment from inception of such Class.  As such, the 
performance numbers do not reflect the performance of any particular investor’s interest and you should not rely on it as a 
statement of your actual return. 
Past performance. In all cases where historical performance is presented, please note that past performance is not a reliable 
indicator of future results and should not be relied upon as the basis for making an investment decision.  
Risk of loss . An investment in the Fund will be highly speculative, and there can be no assurance that the Fund’s investment 
objective will be achieved.  Investors must be prepared to bear the risk of a total loss of their invested capital.  
Portfolio Guidelines/Construction . Information contained in this Report, especially as it pertains to portfolio characteristics, 
construction, profiles or investment strategies or objectives, reflects the Manager’s current thinking based on normal market  
conditions, and may be modified in  response to the Manager’s perception of changing market conditions, opportunities or 
otherwise, in the Manager’s sole discretion, without further notice to you.  Any target strategies, objectives or parameters are 
not projections or predictions and are presented solely for your information.  No assurance is given that the Fund will achieve its 
investment strategies, objectives or parameters.  
Index Performance. The index comparisons are provided for informational purposes only.  The S&P 500 Total Return Index (SPXT) 
is a capitalization weighted index that is designed to measure the performance of the broad U.S. economy through changes in 
the aggregate market value of 500 stocks representing all major industries.  There are significant differences between the Fund 
and the index referenced, including, but not limited to, risk profile, liquidity, volatility and asset composition.  The inde x reflects 
the reinvestment of dividends and other income, are unmanaged, and do not reflect a deduction for advisory fees.  An investor 
may not invest directly into an index.  For the foregoing and other reasons, the performance of the index may not be comparable 
to the Fund’s and should not be relied upon in making an investment decision with respect to the Fund. 
No tax, legal, accounting or investment advice .  The Report is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, tax, 
legal, accounting or investment advice. 
Logos, trade names, trademarks and copyrights .  Certain logos, trade names, trademarks and/or copyrights (collectively, 
“Marks”) contained herein are included for identification and informational purposes only.  Such Marks may be owned by 
companies or persons that are not affiliated with the Manager or any of the funds managed by the Manager and no claim is made 
that any such company or person has sponsored or endorsed the use of such Marks in the Report. 
Confidentiality/Distribution of the Report.  The information in this Report is confidential.  By accepting any portion of the Report, 
you agree that you will treat the Report confidentially.  It is intended only for the use of the person to whom it is given a nd the 
Manager expressly prohibits its redistribution without the Manager’s prior written consent.  The Report is not intended for 
distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use is contrary  to law, 
regulation or rule.
