683 Capital Management, LLC  
Fourth Quarter 2025
Assets Under Management (millions)
QTD YTD LTM IRR
(Since Inception)
Value of $1
(Since Inception)
683 Capital (Net) 5.62% 29.55% 29.55% 16.64% $19.61
Long Market Value Short Market Value
Equities 90.01% 24.03%
HY Debt / Preferreds / Converts 12.80% 1.00%
Equity Options / Warrants 8.24% 5.98%
Sovereign Debt 0.72% 0.00%
Senior Corporates 0.00% 0.00%
TOTAL 111.77% 31.01%
Long Equity Delta Short Equity Delta
Equities 90.01%  24.03%
HY Debt / Preferreds / Converts/Sov Debt 10.69% 1.00%
Equity Options / Warrants 12.36% 29.06%
SUB-TOTAL 113.06% 54.09%
Gross Equity Exposure 167.15%
Net Equity Exposure 58.97%
Netting Within Issuers 15.93% 15.93%
Equity Exposure After Netting 97.13% 38.16%
Long Senior Corporates Short Senior Corporates
Netting Within Issuers 0.00% 0.00%
Senior Corporates After Netting 0.00% 0.00%
THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION.  THIS DOCUMENT CAN ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED BY 683 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION D.
Assets Under Management and Quarter‐End Exposures for 683 Capital Partners, LP
$1,836.9
THE PRIVATE INVESTMENT FUND REFERRED TO IN THIS DOCUMENT HAS NOT AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANG E COMMISSION HAS NOT
REVIEWED OR PASSED JUDGEMENT ON THESE PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS, AND ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS ILLEGAL. NO SECONDARY MARKET EXISTS NOR IS ONE ANTICIPATED TO DEVELOP, AND
POTENTIAL INVESTORS MUST DEEM ANY INVESTMENT IN THESE FUNDS AS “ILLIQUID.” THESE SECURITIES ARE NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY OTHER PARTY, AND CAN ONLY BE RE DEEMED BY THE GENERAL
PARTNER.
ANY INVESTMENT IN THESE SECURITIES IS HIGHLY SPECULATIVE AND INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND IS NOT APPROPRIATE FOR ALL INVESTORS. AN INVESTMENT INV OLVES SUBSTANTIAL RISKS MORE
FULLY DESCRIBED IN THE CONFIDENTIAL MEMORANDUM, AND THE INVESTOR MUST ACCEPT AND BE PREPARED TO LOSE THE ENTIRE INVESTMENT.
THIS DOCUMENT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES AND IS NOT AN OFFERING OF SECURITIES. AN OFFERING OF SECURITIES CAN ONLY BE MADE BY MEANS OF THE CONFIDENTIAL MEMORANDUM FURNISHED TO
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS.  THIS PRESENTATION DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION TO ANY PERSON IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE OFFER OR SOLICITATION IS NOT AUTHORIZED.
683 Capital Management, LLC
1700 Broadway, Suite 4200
New York, NY 10019
(212) 554-2389
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
683 Capital Management, LLC 
1700 Broadway, Suite 4200 
New York, NY 10019 
(212) 554-2389 
683 Capital Management, LLC  
Fourth Quarter 2025 
 
In the fourth quarter of 2025, 683 Capital Partners, LP gained 5.62%, net of fees and expenses . The S&P 
500 index gained 2.66%, and the Russell 2000 index gained 2.19% during the same period. For the year, 
683 Capital Partners, LP gained 29.55% net of fees and expenses, the S&P 500 index gained 17.88%, and 
the Russell 2000 index gained 12.81%. 
 
The fourth quarter continued what has now been a powerful three-year run in the markets. Over that time, 
the total return of the S&P 500 was 86.1%, the Russell 2000 returned 47.1%, and 683 Capital gained 
105.4%, net of fees and expenses. Our returns have beaten these indices during this period, even though we 
believe our positioning through most of the three years has been more cautious than our historical 
positioning. 
 
This three-year period also effectively coincides with the transition of the portfolio manager role to Joe. 
Since that transition, we have not yet had a bear market to really test whether our positioning is as 
conservative as we think it is. That said, the quantitative data from the past three years are suggestive that 
we have, in fact, been taking less risk while generating these returns.
1 
 
Quarterly Results 
 
Both winners and losers in the quarter were dominated by clinical pharma companies, with Wave Life 
Sciences, BridgeBio Pharma, AnaptysBio, and Phathom Pharmaceuticals as the four largest winners, and 
uniQure as the largest loser in this part of the portfolio. Clinical pharma was the largest positive contributor 
to performance overall. In the rest of the portfolio, the fund had gains in CB&I, Western Digital, Capital 
One, and Hyundai Motor preferred stock, and losses in WuX i Biologics, United Wholesale Mortgage 
(UWM), and Cogent Communications. 
 
Wave was by far the largest positive contribution in the quarter. The company reported out its first phase 1 
data for WVE-007, which is a siRNA therapeutic that silences the INHBE gene to treat obesity. The theory 
behind this therapeutic approach is that lowering INHBE levels will prevent the body from storing fat and 
promote the utilization of fat as an energy source, leading to fat-specific weight loss. Wave’s phase 1 data 
bore this theory out: after 3 months of follow-up, participants in the experimental arm experienced a large 
and statistically significant reduction in visceral fat, a reduction in total body fat that was nearly statistically 
significant (the former larger and the latter similar in magnitude to the effects seen with GLP -1s), and a 
statistically significant increase in lean mass (note that GLP-1s cause patients to lose lean mass). As a phase 
1, the study was not powered to hit statistical significance on efficacy endpoints. If these results hold up in 
later trials, Wave’s drug will likely be seen as a superior solution for the treatment of obesity versus GLP-
1s, because it would allow for fat reduction without muscle loss , appetite suppression, or gastric distress,  
and it would only be dosed one or two times a year.
2 Wave shares rose from $7.32 to $17.00. 
 
 
1 The fund’s annualized Sharpe ratio calculated from monthly returns for th e trailing three-year period at year-end 
2025 was 1.7, and for the trailing two- year period it was 2.1 . We hesitate to draw too much confidence from these 
numbers, because we believe this has been an unusually non-volatile period in the markets, and we would not expect 
to sustain a Sharpe ratio at these levels.  In addition, we also think that realized volatility is sometimes a poor proxy 
for actual risk. That said, we believe that these numbers lend credence to our belief that returns for the past three years 
have been related primarily to strong stock selection and individual position management , rather than to overall 
exposure.  
2 Investors who are bearish on Wave would note that patients on the experimental arm did not lose body weight 
compared to baseline in the first three months (because they gained lean mass) ; however, treated patients did in fact 
have 0.9% body weight loss compared to placebo, and the  study results were highly consistent with what Wave has 
seen in short animal studies. We are unaware of any mechanism that could cause persistent lean mass gain with WVE-
007, and so we expect to see overall weight loss when the six-month results read out. 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 2 
BridgeBio Pharma exceeded the market’s expectations on all fronts this quarter. Sales of Attruby  – the 
company’s drug for ATTR amyloidosis – beat analyst estimates, and the company delivered excellent data 
from two phase 3 studies. The first study was in limb-girdle muscular dystrophy (LGMD), and it showed a 
statistically significant increase in alpha -dystroglycan (the glycoprotein that is deficient in this disease), 
walking speed, and lung function. The breadth of the drug’s functional benefit was unexpected, so analysts 
revised their sales estimates upwards. A few days later, the company reported  its results for enca laret, a 
drug for Autosomal Dominant Hypocalcemia Type 1 (ADH1). In that study, 76% of patients with ADH1 
receiving encalaret had a normalization of blood and urine calcium at week 24. These results exceeded the 
company’s stated upside  case of 50% response, and they suggested that the drug has real potential in 
hypoparathyroidism, which is a larger market than ADH1. BridgeBio shares rose from $51.94 to $76.49. 
 
AnaptysBio is a clinical pharma company whose main asset is a royalty on G SK’s cancer drug Jemperli. 
At the end of the third quarter, Anaptys had announced that the company would split into a clinical pharma 
company and a royalty holding company. This announcement caused the stock to rise from $23.27 to $30.62 
on that day, which we thought was an underreaction, because we believed the royalty to be worth in excess 
of $60. In the fourth quarter, G SK filed a suit against Anaptys claiming that Anaptys had breached the 
royalty agreement, and Anaptys countersued claiming that G SK had breached. Our reading of the filings 
suggests very little risk that Anaptys breached the agreement and strong evidence that GSK did breach the 
agreement. Should GSK be found to have breached the contract, Anaptys would own 100% of the rights to 
Jemperli. It is worth noting that Anaptys sued GSK for a similar alleged breach in 2020 and settled for a 
cash payment and enhanced economics a few months later, and we think a similar resolution is likely here. 
Anaptys shares rose from $30.62 to $48.48. 
 
Phathom’s sales of Voquezna continue to grow nicely even though the company has substantially reduced 
operating expenses, particularly on DTC marketing. We believe that new CEO Steven  Basta’s strategy of 
focusing sales calls on gastroenterologists rather than primary care physicians is working. Phathom shares 
rose from $11.77 to $16.59. 
 
uniQure was by far the largest loss in the quarter. In early November, the FDA told uniQure that the FDA 
did not believe that uniQure had sufficient evidence to file a BLA for its Huntington’s Disease (HD) gene 
therapy AMT-130. This result was a shock to us  and, we believe, to the company . We had noted in prior 
letters that the FDA’s stance to allow this trial to serve as a pivotal trial was lenient, given the modest trial 
size and the lack of a control arm. But following the remarkably strong data that uniQure announced over 
the summer, we felt that the right decision was to approve the drug. It is unclear whether uniQure could be 
successful in enrolling a large placebo -controlled study. Such a study would take at least 4- 6 years to 
complete if it were started today , because 3 years of data is required to see the kind of separation that 
uniQure showed. If the FDA forces uniQure to take that arduous path, most HD patients eligible for the 
therapy today will be too ill to receive it by the time it gets approved. The FDA’s feedback in the fourth 
quarter directly conflicted with the prior guidance that FDA had given to the company over a series of 
meetings in the last year; it also conflicts somewhat with the FDA’s decision to designate AMT-130 as a 
breakthrough therapy in April, when the available data was not nearly as strong as it is now. We don’t really 
know what caused the change in view at the FDA, and under the current administration, we have seen cases 
(including Sarepta and Replimune) where  the FDA has shifted to a more permissive stance after public 
pressure. uniQure shares fell from $58.37 to $23.93. 
 
In the rest of the portfolio, the fund had gains in CB&I, Western Digital, Capital One , and Hyundai, and 
losses in WuXi Biologics, UWM Holdings, and Cogent Communications. 
 
CB&I is the largest private position in the fund, accounting for about 2% of the fund’s capital. In late 2024, 
McDermott International sold CB&I to a consortium of investors who were mostly McDermott debt 
holders. As a McDermott debt holder, 683 Capital participated in that transaction. The company’s primary 
business is making large scale tanks for energy markets, including LNG and nuclear. Since the acquisition, 
CB&I has strongly outperformed the acquisition business plan. In December , the company acquired  
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 3 
Petrofac’s Asset Solutions business out of the Petrofac bankruptcy at a very compelling price. Alvarez & 
Marsal increased the independent valuation of CB&I by about 42%, which we think is a reasonable 
adjustment. 
 
Western Digital rose from $120.06 to $172.27. 683 Capital initially invested in Western Digital in late 
2024, shortly before the SanDisk spinoff. The company has benefitted recently from very strong data center 
demand for data storage, which has made the market for Western Digital’s products exceedingly tight.  
Ultimately, we believe that this tightness (like the tightness in power markets) will abate, although it could 
be a period of years. We substantially reduced our position during the quarter. 
 
Capital One had another strong quarter. The Discover merger integration process appears to be progressing 
nicely, although most of the gains in the stock price happened in December, when the stock rose more or 
less in line with other financial stocks. Capital One shares rose from $212.58 to $242.36. 
 
Hyundai Motor preferred shares all rose during the quarter, with the most liquid issue rising from 163,100 
Won to 206,000 Won. It was a strong quarter for Korean stocks , but Hyundai in particular probably 
benefitted from the market’s realization that the company has been investing heavily in robotics. For many 
years, Hyundai has been making investments in adjacent spaces that the market has effectively treated as 
setting capital on fire.  A change in attitude on the merits of these investments could prompt a significant 
revaluation in Hyundai stock. 
 
With respect to losses, WuXi Biologics fell in the fourth quarter from HKD 40.98  to HKD 31.44 . In 
December, the BIOSECURE Act was enacted as law (although the market anticipated the enactment earlier 
in the quarter). Unlike prior drafts of the bill, no specific entity was named as a “company of concern” in 
the final law.  Under the BIOSECURE Act , in order for a company to be subject to certain government 
contracting restrictions, it would have to be named by the Department of Defense as a 1260H “Chinese 
military company” or be designated a “biotechnology company of concern” by the OMB . In addition, the 
BIOSECURE Act makes it clear that reimbursement by Medicare and Medicaid is not impacted by the 
contracting restrictions contemplated under the new law , so it isn’t clear how  the law could ever have a 
significant impact on WuXi Biologics . Industrially, the company continues to shine , most recently 
evidenced by the fact that its ADC-focused subsidiary WuXi XDC meaningfully increased annual caps for 
its service agreement with the parent  company. We continue to believe that WuXi Biologics’ s future is 
bright. 
 
UWM shares had a pull-back that was mostly related to the company’s announcement that it would purchase 
Two Harbors Investment Corp. with stock. Two Harbors is a mortgage REIT. If the deal had been structured 
as a cash purchase, we believe that the price would have been sensible, and we also believe that there are a 
variety of benefits to the deal beyond valuation.3 The biggest problem with the Two Harbors deal is that it 
nearly doubles UWM’s float , and Two Harbors share holders are not natural UWM shareholders. This 
means that there is a lot of stock to be placed, especially considering that UWM’s management team does 
not like interacting with Wall Street. In addition, management’s handling of the deal announcement was 
clumsy: UWM proudly announced that the deal de-levers the balance sheet, which it does, but this comment 
also suggests that the balance sheet perhaps needed to be de-levered. UWM shares fell from $6.09 to $4.38. 
 
Cogent suspended its dividend and continues to disappoint on the pace of its rollout in wavelength. While 
the company’s management remains optimistic, a tremendous amount of credibility has been lost. That 
said, we suspect that the value that could be realized by selling the company’s various assets (including the 
 
3 Adding Two Harbors mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) should give greater stability to UWM’s earnings stream. It 
is also possible that the Two Harbors team might add some increased sophistication to UWM’s hedging program, 
which is not run with a systematic strategy. In addition, Two Harbor’s mortgage servicing platform will bring forward 
the transition of UWM MSRs onto its own servicing platform. Finally, management estimates $150 million of deal 
synergies on a roughly $1.3 billion deal, although we feel this number is probably overly aggressive. 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 4 
Sprint network, the data centers, and the IPV4 addresses) should more than cover the enterprise value at 
the current stock price. The stock fell from $38.35 to $21.56. 
 
Annual Results 
 
Below is a table of the largest winners and losers for the year 
 
Winners Losers 
Carvana Cogent Communications  
BridgeBio Pharma Soitec 
Western Digital  Sarepta 
WuXi Biologics   
Barrick Mining  
Phathom Pharmaceuticals   
Wave Life Sciences  
Elis  
Amentum Holdings  
Capital One Financial 
Protagonist Therapeutics 
 
 
A few observations are in order. 
 
First, we have listed winners down to $20 million in profit and losers to $15 million of loss. There were no 
losers with $20 million of loss.
4 If we had listed winners to $15 million of gain, we would have added 
another nine names to the list. This year was a year of batting average rather than slugging percentage. Our 
largest gain was well less than 10% of overall profit for the year. 5 Our top 10 winners were a little more 
than half of the overall profit for the year. We had 2 9 individual positions with more than $10 million of 
profit and only 6 with more than $10 million of loss. 
 
Second, clinical pharma had a significant positive impact on performance this year, with roughly a third of 
the total P&L against roughly a quarter of the net exposure. The strength in the clinical pharma portfolio 
this year occurred in the context of a strong year for the sector. The XBI ETF was up 35.39% on the year. 
Despite the lack of regulatory stability this year, big pharma companies began to make substantial 
acquisitions, which drove the virtuous circle of  specialized biotech funds having cash to redeploy, which 
drove up valuations. We used this strength to take some profits. That said, we continue to have substantial 
exposure to the sector. Many of our names are still trading at fractions of what we believe they are worth. 
 
Third, we had a really good performance year in both financials and commodities, with a slew of winners 
that weren’t quite large enough to make the table  shown above. British financials, which we sized down 
during the year, performed extremely well coming off of very discounted valuations. 6 In the McDermott 
complex, we saw a rise in our term loan value and in our private equity investment in CB&I, which had a 
fantastic year. And we were long enough gold- related names that it made a difference, with substantial 
gains in Aris Mining (formerly Gran Colombia  Gold) and IAMGOLD, in addition to Barrick, which is 
listed in the table above. 
 
Fourth, we had a number of losses that were psychologically scarring, but limited in dollar size. Soitec, 
Cogent, and Sarepta all had truly awful years. We had reasonably high hopes that this was going to be the 
year that Soitec would sort out its inventory problem. That problem turned out to be larger than either the 
 
4 Technically, we did have a loss of more than $20 million short the Euro,  but this was effectively just an offset of 
exposure in our European listed companies. 
5 Or put another way, our largest gain this year was less than 2.5% in gross profit on the portfolio.  
6 In particular, we had strong gains in One Savings Bank, Metrobank bonds, and St. James Place. The latter two 
positions have been sold, and our position in OSB has been reduced. 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 5 
company understood or would admit. Ultimately, our view of the earnings power of the company stands 
much reduced at the end of this year. Cogent’s rollout of wavelength has been a major disappointment, 
which led to a margin call on the CEO after the second quarter financial report and, effectively, a dividend 
suspension after third quarter numbers. Sarepta also had multiple patient deaths related to its gene therapy. 
The combined impact of these three disasters, however, was about a 3% loss to the portfolio on a gross 
basis. We believe the market has likely overreacted in all three cases, but we have done a reasonably good 
job of not sizing up into any of these disappointments.
7 
 
Fifth and finally, this year was one where we chiseled out gains in all sorts of places that added up,  
ultimately, to an adequate result. While we definitely had some tailwinds in both biotech and commodities, 
there were many small ad hoc gains that created the overall result. Some of this came through individual 
position management and structuring and some of it came from overall portfolio positioning.
8 There were 
very few days this year when we had outsized gains. It was in general a very workman-like year. 
 
The method by which these gains were achieved, over literally hundreds of decisions, gives us some 
confidence that what we are doing is alpha-generative. We are continuing to take what the market gives us 
and doing our best to turn that into profits in a measured manner. 
 
We have not been particularly bullish all the way through this bull market, although we have bull market -
sized profits to show for it, which we believe is mostly a result of good process. 
 
Philosophy 
 
As one of our investing strategies, 683 Capital seeks to profit from discrepancies in the pricing of different 
instruments or securities tied to the same company. In its most classic form, this strategy is capital structure 
arbitrage. But for some companies, the public markets provide investors with many more potential 
instruments in the form of derivatives. 
 
We implement this investing strategy opportunistically (as we do with all our investing strategies). We tend 
to do very little of this kind of investing except when the market gives us a clear opportunity. 
 
In this section, I wanted to write about a current opportunity to demonstrate how we approach this sort of 
trade, and also because we are already at our full position size. Also, I thought it might be helpful to folks 
who monitor our portfolio closely to understand what we have done , because only a piece of this trade 
appears on our Form 13F. 
 
683 Capital, like many institutional investors, remains somewhat wary of the current enthusiasm in AI. We 
know that AI is a major world -changing innovation, but many such world-changing innovations have led 
to speculative bubbles that ultimately corrected harshly. In our heads are the various examples given in 
 
7 An honorary mention on psychologically scarring outcomes also goes to Mereo Biopharma,  which was a detractor 
both for the quarter and the year but not large enough to make either the quarterly or annual list.  Late in the fourth 
quarter, Mereo and its partner, Ultragenyx, reported that neither of their phase 3 studies in osteogenesis imperfecta 
(OI) achieved its primary endpoint. Patients with OI have brittle bones due to defective collagen, and the Mereo drug 
was hypothesized to mitigate this by increasing bone mineral density (BMD). In both the large ORBIT study and the 
pediatric-focused COSMIC study, BMD was significantly increased compared to placebo. However, this translated to 
a reduction in fracture rates only in COSMIC , and COSMIC was too small to reach statistical significanc e, as it was 
designed to be filed with the FDA alongside ORBIT. We believe that there may still be a path to approval in a pediatric 
indication, since the FDA recently validated BMD as an approvable endpoint in osteoporosis. In addition, there are 
no therapies approved for OI, and it is a rare disease. We increased our position in Mereo after the news , because the 
price implied that there was a sub 5% probability of the drug making it to market, and Mereo also has a phase 3-ready 
drug for Alpha -1 antitrypsin deficiency that we think will eventually be sold or partnered. Mereo fell from $3.50 at 
the start of the year and $2.06 at the start of the quarter to $0.42 at the end of the year. 
8 Notably, losses in index hedges were extremely limited due to both structuring and timing. 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 6 
Carlota Perez’s Technological Revolutions and Financial Capital .9 While there certainly are important 
technological innovations that have not led to bubbles (the market was a little sluggish to reprice the 
importance of the entire iPhone ecosystem or the importance of cloud computing), it is the nature of markets 
to overshoot. That is particularly their nature when entire sectors need to reorganize to take advantage of a 
new technology. As we look at the ever -increasing budgets for data centers and the increasingly 
complicated financial transactions behind the country’s AI buildout, we think there is at least a reasonable 
risk that this time is not different. 
 
Against this backdrop, we have looked for ways to be “safely short ,” and the reality is that there really 
aren’t many. For most companies tied to the AI boom , the market is well aware that the boom may end. 
Consequently, put options, in our view, are accurately priced for this possibility. And being short AI stocks 
is open-ended in a way that is difficult to control. We don’t think that AGI is right around the corner, but if 
it is, we don’t want to be short anything AI-related. 
 
One trade that we found in this space is to be long Palantir put  options that are significantly out of the 
money and to fund most of the trade by being short Palantir puts that are even further out of the money. 
 
Here is why we think the trade works: The options market is pricing Palantir puts with a lot of skew (which 
means that the further out-of-the-money puts are effectively more expensive than higher -strike puts). Our 
view, however, is that there is very substantial economic value in Palantir’s business that limits the risk of 
shares going below certain levels. Consequently, we believe that we are buying very useful insurance and 
funding it with much less useful insurance in a way that gives us a substantial amount of profit possibility 
for the risk we are taking on. 
 
We will put some numbers to this below, but maybe it would be best to start with describing the underlying 
company. 
 
Palantir is an iconoclastic and by most accounts industry-leading software company. It provides software 
that allows its clients to access and manipulate data from across their organization, and the goal of the 
company is to facilitate this access and manipulation  without regard to the type of data or the software 
housing the data. In SaaS, there is a rule of thumb (the “Rule of 40”) that states that a company is considered 
a high performer if the sum of its revenue growth rate and  its profit margin exceeds  40%. Palantir is 
currently above 90% on this metric.
10 In the past quarter, Palantir’s net revenue retention rate was above 
130%, and the total contract value of its new business wins was more than twice its quarterly revenue. 
Suffice it to say, we think Palantir is probably a very, very good software company. While there are various 
competing software solutions for combining, analyzing, and manipulating data offered by various 
companies (e.g., Snowflake, Databricks, Microsoft Fabric), Palantir’s solution is generally considered to 
be best-in-class, especially for AI implementations. 
 
Palantir’s incredible business momentum is to a great extent reflected in its stock price. In 2026, analysts 
expect Palantir to generate about $6.3 billion in revenue (or a little under $2.50 a share) and to earn about 
$1 per share. Palantir ended the year at a stock price of $177.75 and a market capitalization of $423 billion,
11 
which is roughly 67x forward revenues and 175x forward earnings. Analyst estimates are based on Palantir 
growing revenues at 43% next year (which is probably a little bit of an underestimate given the current 
business momentum). 
 
 
9 These include the canal boom of the 1790s, the railway mania of the 1840s, the electricity/steel bubble of the late 
19th century, the roaring twenties crash tied to automobiles and mass production, and the dot-com bubble. 
10 Palantir uses an adjusted operating margin (rather than operating margin) to calculate its own Rule of 40 score. 
Using the adjusted number, Palantir reported a 114% Rule of 40 score in its Q3 2025 earnings report. We calculate a 
score of 96% using the unadjusted operating margin. 
11 This market capitalization ignores options dilution. Accounting for dilution under the treasury stock method would 
increase Palantir’s share count by about 8%. 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 7 
It is not impossible to justify Palantir’s current market valuation 12 (which is approaching Oracle’s, even 
though Oracle is projected to earn 8x as much as Palantir next year),13 but it will require very substantial 
growth from here. For instance, if Palantir were to reach Oracle’s current earnings level 7 years from now 
and be valued at a P/E multiple 50% higher than Oracle is today (or about 40x), Palantir’s share price will 
have compounded at barely 10%. And if Palantir were to be valued at Oracle’s current forward EPS 
multiple, it would need to grow earnings per share by a factor of 12 in 7 years to generate stock appreciation 
of around 10% annualized.14 
 
We are not dismissing the possibility that Palantir could actually grow this much,
15 but it would be very 
difficult, especially given the custom nature of many Palantir implementations, which is inherently a limiter 
on the pace of growth. And if the market today values Palantir at a facially silly multiple of forward 
revenues, who is to say that at this time next year, it won’t value Palantir on the same revenue multiple with 
revenues now 50% higher? Shorting Palantir is dangerous. 
 
That said, historically, companies with the growth trajectory of Palantir have rarely traded anywhere near 
where Palantir does today. For instance, Microsoft was 23 x trailing sales in June 1999, and subsequently 
fell to 9x trailing sales by June 2002.16 Salesforce peaked at around 12x sales in 2021. Snowflake completed 
its IPO at 170x sales, but those sales grew by a factor of 10 over the next couple of years , and today, 
Snowflake (which generates less revenue than Palantir) trades at about 12x forward sales. 
 
With this in mind , we have put together a position in Palantir that we think allows us to profit in a large 
piece of the distribution of likely Palantir stock prices, while keeping our potential losses relatively limited. 
We have created this position across a period of months by buying out of the money puts on Palantir and 
partially funding their purchase  with sales of even further out of the money puts. The payoff structure is 
shown below, assuming the stock were to close at the same price on each of our put option expiries. Because 
we own a variety of different expiries, the graph below is at best an approximation  of our potential 
payouts/losses. (Our options expire between December 2026 and December 2027.) 
  
12 For instance, if Palantir is ultimately a $150 billion revenue company with 50% margins, it would earn around $60 
billion after tax. If it traded at 30 x that number (in line with Microsoft), it would be about a $1.8 trillion market cap,  
or about a 4-bagger from here (not including distributions to shareholders or employee share dilution). If it could get 
there across 10 years, it would be a mid-teens compounder. Palantir’s markets are probably large enough that if it 
became truly dominant it could eventually reach these sorts of revenue levels, although averaging revenue growth of 
more than 40% annually for the next 10 years seems challenging. 
13 We think Oracle is a reasonable “at maturity” comparable company to Palantir, because it is a software product that 
is mission critical and very hard for customers to tear out.  Arguably, Oracle’s current forward P/E multiple of 26 is 
still inflated by AI enthusiasm. For much of its history as a mature company, Oracle has traded at a substantially lower 
multiple. 
14 This analysis is assuming no dilution from Palantir stock issuance and using the current share count without regard 
to employee options. On the other hand, it is also assuming no distributions and not giving credit to retained capital.  
15 The end markets, depending on how they are defined,  could possibly support Palantir one day getting to $50- $200 
billion in revenue, depending on how you analyze them and depending on how dominant one thinks Palantir could be. 
16 If you bought Microsoft shares on June 30, 1999 and held them to today, with reinvested dividends, you would have 
compounded at 11%. But in the first decade of holding, you would have lost 36% on the investment (compounding at 
-4%). 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 8 
 
 
We maximize our profits with about a $65 million payoff if Palantir stock trades in the mid -30s at our 
option expiries, and we break even at about $17 a share. If Palantir goes to zero, the fund will lose about 
$75 million. If Palantir stays above $90, we will have spent and lost about $3 million in premium, net. 
 
Conceptually, it may be helpful to think about the following piece of the trade: For December 2027 (about 
two years from now), we have bought one $90 strike put in Palantir for $12 and we have sold four $35 puts 
for $2.50 each, for a net outlay of $2.
17 This trade would max out at a $53 profit at $35 a share on PLTR; it 
is breakeven at a PLTR price of $17.33; and it incurs a $52 loss if PLTR goes to zero. The puts that were 
bought had an implied volatility of about 66, and the ones sold had an implied volatility of about 85. 
 
In our view, the tail scenario that we wrote has very, very little expected value. If Palantir were to trade at 
$17, it would be at a 2026 P/E ratio of 17 (or maybe a multiple in the low 20s if the business were to really 
plunge). It is important to note that Palantir has no debt and more than $2 a share in net cash, which should 
be more than $3 by this time next year. On a forward EV/sales ratio, Palantir would be under 6x. We would 
be happy to own Palantir at such levels , even if it were almost entirely u nable to attract any new clients,  
because Palantir would still likely grow revenue with existing clients . The ir software is very hard for 
customers to tear out once installed. 
 
The risks of Palantir stock being under $17 are mainly tied to extreme scenarios, for example if it is a fraud 
of some kind,
18 or if there is a nuclear war , in which case there will be no Defense Department left to 
procure software from Palantir.  
 
But how about the chances that Palantir stock is $50 in two- year’s time? Right now, analyst consensus 
estimates for Palantir’s 2028 earnings are about $1.90. But what if by then, industrial enthusiasm has 
dimmed just a little, and Palantir is then expected to earn only $1.60? Maybe a competitive product from a 
current or new competitor has picked up traction ; maybe enthusiasm for AI implementations has waned 
because we are in an AI bust ; maybe CEO Alex Karp has gotten into a dispute with the Department  of 
Defense; maybe it proves hard for the business to grow on a larger base ; or maybe the economy enters a 
 
17 We did this when Palantir stock was around $190 in December. 
18 We are aware of no evidence that Palantir’s business is faked in any way. 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
 683 Capital | 9 
recession. If Palantir were expected to earn $1.60 per share in 2028 instead of the current consensus of 
$1.87, could it trade at a 30x forward P/E in late 2027, which would be $48? That price would also be about 
11x forward sales, which is where very good software companies have traded in normal times. If Palantir 
were merely a very fine company, it could easily trade at $50, or maybe even $40, but not $17, and certainly 
not $10. And if Palantir were to close at $48 on options expiry in December 2027, the options package 
outlined above would pay out $42 for an initial risk investment of $2. We think the chances of Palantir 
being in that general range far exceed 5%, which is the probability necessary to make the expected value 
of the trade positive, if we assume that the tail we wrote was essentially worthless. 
 
What allows this trade to exist is that the options market is making a mistake. It is taking the view that 
Palantir potentially faces some existential risk in the way that, for example, CoreWeave does, even though 
there is no evidence for that sort of downside.19 Palantir is a financially and operationally unlevered business 
with a sticky revenue stream, but it tends to trade with speculative retail-owned stocks, so it has an implied 
volatility structure that is inappropriate for what the company actually is. In particular, the implied volatility 
on the options with strikes that are at or below what a reasonably person might pay for a good software 
company is much higher than the implied volatility on options at strikes that Palantir’s price might  
reasonably fall below in “normal” markets. 
 
We have no idea if we are going to make money on this trade. There are many worlds in which Palantir’s 
execution could be spectacular or in which the market believes in Palantir’s story for long enough that our 
puts expire with no value. Nonetheless, we believe that thinking critically about various prices in a broadly-
defined capital structure and what the genuine distribution  of outcomes is, can be a fruitful exercise that 
occasionally turns up something promising. Our hope is that if the market turns down, we will be able to 
tell you around this time next year that this Palantir structure was an important and protective trade. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Performance Disclaimer 
 
The net of fees calculation represents gross returns adjusted for the advisory fee (1.5% per annum) and the annual performance fee 
of 20% (accrued monthly) for an IPO restricted account of a day -one investor. IPO eligible accounts may have lower or higher 
returns. Information in this letter has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but cannot be guaranteed. The above results 
include reinvestment of dividends, interest, and capital gains. Intra-year returns are estimates, have not been audited, and are subject 
to change without notice. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate. Past performance should not be construed as a n 
indicator of future results. Information about the indices is provided to present the performance of the fund aga inst certain well-
known and widely recognized indices. Such information is included to show the general trend in the markets during the periods  
indicated and is not intended to imply that the holdings of the fund were and are similar to the indices, either in composition or risk 
profile. Each index is a benchmark of unmanaged securities, not a security that can be purchased or sold, and does not take i nto 
account trading commissions, management and performance fees, and other operational expenses. The investment program of the 
fund is not restricted to the securities comprising such indices and allows for, among other things, the use of leverage, short selling, 
and the use of derivatives. The funds’ portfolios may not be as diversified as such indices and the volatility of indices may be 
materially different from the volatility of the funds. Additional information is available upon request. 
 
19 Ironically, CoreWeave has a much flatter implied volatility structure. 
sent to mike@magiscapitalpartners.com
