 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 1 
 
BROOKFIELD CORPORATION 
TRANSCRIPT: Q1 2026 CONFERENCE CALL & WEBCAST 
MAY 14, 2026, at 10:00 a.m. (ET) 
 
Corporate Speakers: 
Bruce Flatt; Brookfield Corporation; Chief Executive Officer 
Nick Goodman; Brookfield Corporation; President & Chief Financial Officer 
Sachin Shah; Brookfield Corporation; Chief Executive Officer, Brookfield Wealth Solutions 
Katie Battaglia; Brookfield Corporation; Vice President, Investor Relations 
 
PRESENTATION  
 
Operator 
Good day. Welcome to the Brookfield Corporation First Quarter 2026 Conference Call and 
Webcast. [Operator Instructions] 
 
Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Ms. Katie Battaglia, Vice 
President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
 
Katie Battaglia, Vice President 
Thank you, Operator, and good morning. Welcome to Brookfield Corporation's first quarter 2026 
conference call. 
 
On the call today are Bruce Flatt, our Chief Executive Officer; Nick Goodman, President of 
Brookfield Corporation; and Sachin Shah, Chief Executive Officer of our Wealth Solutions 
business.  
 
Bruce will start off by giving a business update, followed by Nick, who will discuss our financial 
and operating results for the quarter. And finally, Sachin will provide an update on our Wealth 
Solutions business.  
 
After our formal comments, we will turn the call over to the operator and take analyst questions. 
In order to accommodate all those who want to ask questions, we request that you refrain from 
asking more than two questions. 
 
I would like to remind you that in today's comments, including in responding to questions and in 
discussing new initiatives in our financial and operating performance, we may make forward -
looking statements including forward -looking statements within the meaning of applicable 
Canadian and U.S. security laws. These statements reflect predictions of future events and 
trends and do not relate to historic events. They are subject to known and unknown risks, and 
future events and results may differ materially from such statements. 
 
For further information on these risks and their potential impacts on our company, please see 
our filings with the securities regulators in Canada and the U.S. and the information available on 
our website. 
 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 2 
 
In addition, when we speak about our Wealth Solutions business or Brookfield Wealth Solutions, 
we are referring to Brookfield's investments in this business that supported the acquisition of its 
underlying operating subsidiaries. 
 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce. 
 
 
Bruce Flatt, Chief Executive Officer 
Thank you, Katie. Welcome everyone, on the call. 
 
We had a strong start to the year. Distributable earnings were $1.6 billion for the quarter and 
$6 billion over the last 12 months. More importantly, it also looks like the business will get 
stronger over the year. Our business  performed well, and we continue to execute against 
initiatives which will drive our next phase of growth. 
 
Our asset management business delivered strong earnings growth, supported by continued 
fundraising momentum across our institutional client base. Our operating businesses generated 
stable cash flow, backed by resilient underlying fundamentals. Our Wealth Solutions business 
performed well as it continues to scale globally. 
 
In April, we closed the acquisition of Just Group, a leading pension risk transfer platform in the 
U.K. This increased total insurance assets by $40 billion, and we are now heading to 
$200 billion and strengthens our position in one of the world's most active -- attractive retirement 
markets. 
 
Nick will cover our financial results in more detail, and Sachin will spend more time on Just 
Group and the continued growth of our Wealth Solutions business. 
 
Before that, I would note that the current environment has had no shortage of macro 
developments competing for investors' attention from geopolitics to trade issues, inflation, and 
interest rates. 
 
While these factors are important to monitor, they often receive far, far more attention than their 
long-term impact warrants. Bottom line, we largely try to ignore them when building our 
business. This is particularly true in periods when capital flows, sentiment, and prevailing market 
narratives influence price, which can increase the impression that the business fundamentals 
have changed when, in most cases, they have not.  
 
Value on the other hand, you all know, is determined by the cash flows of a business that it 
generates and management's ability to reinvest that capital at attractive returns. 
 
Our role as investors is to capitalize on attractive entry points to acquire good businesses for 
value, operate them well and allow compounding to work over time. Equally important is 
ensuring that compounding is not disrupted by being forced to act in detrimental ways during 
periods of market stress. This discipline shapes out how we allocate capital and build our 
businesses. 
 
We take the time to watch an industry, learn how it works, invest in a measured way, refine a 
business model, and only then scale a platform. This allows us to make small mistakes while 
avoiding large ones. 
 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 3 
 
In our experience, successful businesses are not built quickly, they are built deliberately with the 
resilience to allow one to compound cash flows and create value through economic cycles. And 
by adhering to these principles, our shareholders have earned excellent compound returns over 
long periods of time. 
 
Over that same period, we have navigated many market environments, each felt dramatic at the 
time, but the most important point is that each period of market disruption in hindsight had very 
little impact on long-term outcomes. 
 
Today, we believe many of the market distortions we are seeing are temporary and will 
moderate in the sectors we focus on, and while the current environment may feel volatile, it is 
ultimately constructive for businesses like ours. 
 
In addition, as uncertainty around growth and inflation rises, capital tends to shift towards high -
quality, cash-generative assets, an environment that favors real assets which we are specialists 
in. We are now seeing large flows of funds due to the HALO effect, that's Hard Assets, Low 
Obsolescence, and are seeing this across the board within our businesses. Real estate is a 
good example of this. 
 
Sentiment is now catching up with fundamentals. Financing markets are much, much stronger. 
New supply is limited across our core markets and demand for the best assets continues to 
grow. 
 
In office, as an example, replacement costs have risen significantly across our core markets. As 
a result, the rents required to justify new construction are well abov e, in many markets, double  
current market rents. This makes new supply very difficult to deliver. 
 
With demand remaining strong, in fact, very strong for the best buildings in the best markets, 
rents continue to rise substantially. To put this in perspective, at Manhattan West, one of our 
super core assets in our portfolio, it would cost around $2,500 a square foot to build that same 
building today compared to our cost of just over $1,000 a square foot. 
 
Fortunately, we started this at the depths of Covid in 2020, when few decided that they should 
build an office building. 
 
So, we benefited in many ways due to our countercyclical investment. 
 
Our most recent lease there was signed at rents nearly 3x higher than the first lease in the 
complex and the financing recently completed cash out approximately $400 million of net cash 
which was due to the increase in value of the asset. This took our debt to almost the 
construction cost of the building, exemplifying the increase in cash flows since launching the 
building. I'd note we continue to own the property.  
 
More important, despite rents and where they are, they actually need to go higher to justify a 
new tower like this being constructed today. We are seeing the same dynamic play out across 
our global portfolio. 
 
Another example being One Leadenhall in London, a brand -new asset which we consider as 
core plus in our portfolio , was fully leased within six months of completion and achieved the 
highest rents ever in the city of London. 
 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 4 
 
With very limited new supply and demand for the best buildings continuing to grow, premier 
assets are becoming increasingly scarce, and values are set to continue to rise. Capital markets 
are also beginning to recognize this as well. The aforementioned financing of Two Manhattan 
West was $1.9 billion, for a 10 -year non-recourse mortgage with a 5.5% coupon and was done 
at 107 basis points spread to treasuries. Buyers looking for solid assets are moving back from 
software to real assets like these.  
 
Given all the drama in the news over the last five years, I will repeat that comment. The cash 
flows of this property allows us to complete a non -recourse investment -grade financing and 
generate real cash of $400 million from the property. This is the benefit of owning great real 
estate through cycles as fundamentals strengthen and capital markets improve, the embedded 
value of portfolios that was always there become increasingly evident. 
 
At the same time uncertainty is increasing urgency for companies and governments to 
reposition around AI, energy security, data sovereignty, and supply chain resilience. These 
priorities sit at the intersection of the themes we have invested behind for years, namely, 
digitalization, decarbonization and deglobalization. Of course, if you have followed us, these 
themes are not new, but they are more prominent today than ever and the form they take 
continues to evolve.  
 
Taking them in order. Digitalization started with fiber networks and telecom towers, then 
hyperscale data centers. 
 
Today, artificial intelligence is driving the next wave of demand through AI factories, which 
require enormous amounts of computing capacity and reliable power. 
 
Second, decarbonization. The opportunity is no longer just energy transition. It is energy 
addition. In plain English, that means more.  
 
Electricity demand is rising at a pace not seen in decades, driven by electrification, 
reindustrialization and digital infrastructure. Meeting this demand will require enormous amounts 
of new generation capacity with solar, wind, nuclear and batteries, increasingly well placed 
given one or all of their attributes being their low cost, they can be deployed quickly where they 
have limited reliance on imported fuel.  
 
Last, deglobalization began as reshoring manufacturing and reorganizing supply chains. It has 
now evolved to include data sovereignty where governments and companies want critical data 
stored and processed within their own borders, leading to the build -out of domestic digital 
infrastructure including large -scale data centers. We are working with major governments and 
enterprises around the world to help build this infrastructure. 
 
While digitalization, decarbonization and deglobalization will continue to evolve, each is driving 
significant long -term demand for new infrastructure. Our ability to provide scalable solutions 
across technologies and regions reinforces our position as a partner of choice. 
 
With almost $200 billion of capital to deploy, together with what we expect to be a record 
fundraising year in '26, we are well positioned to scale these businesses. 
 
Thank you all for your continued support in Brookfield. I'll now turn the call over to Nick. 
 
 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 5 
 
Nick Goodman, President 
Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. 
 
Financial results were strong for the first quarter, underpinned by continued momentum across 
all of our businesses, distributable earnings, or “DE” before realizations for the quarter were 
$1.4 billion or $0.59 per share, representing a 7% increase over the prior year quarter. 
 
Over the last 12 months, DE before realizations was $5.5 billion or $2.32 per share. Total DE 
including realizations was $1.6 billion or $0.66 per share for the quarter and $6 billion or 
$2.54 per share over the last 12 months. 
 
Starting with our operating performance. Our Asset Management business started the year 
strong, generating $765 million of distributable earnings or $0.32 per share for the quarter and 
$2.8 billion or $1.20 per share over the last 12 months. 
 
We have raised $67 billion of capital so far this year including $21 billion during the quarter, a 
$40 billion investment mandate from Just Group and $6 billion for our seventh vintage flagship 
private equity strategy. Fee -bearing capital ended the quarter at $614 billion, up 12% over the 
prior year, driving an 11% increase in fee-related earnings to $772 million. 
 
With strong momentum across our flagship and complementary strategies, we are well 
positioned to deliver a record year of fundraising in 2026. This quarter, our results also benefited 
from a gain on the partial monetization of one of our technology investments which generated 
approximately $120 million of DE. 
 
We only focused portfolios of select investments in new businesses, technology and innovation 
driven that are positioned to benefit from major secular trends shaping the global economy. This 
includes our investment in SpaceX of approximately $1 billion at the pre-IPO mark, which is part 
of a $2 billion total investment. 
 
Turning briefly to our Wealth Solutions business, which Sachin will expand on in his remarks. 
 
We delivered strong results with distributable earnings of $430 million or $0.18 per share in the 
quarter and $1.7 billion or $0.71 per share over the last 12 months, representing an 11% 
increase over the prior year period. Results were driven by continued growth in our asset base, 
including $4 billion of annuity inflows during the quarter and the ongoing rotation of the portfolio 
into higher-yielding investment strategies. 
 
Our P&C business also performed well, achieving a combined ratio of 99% , contributing to an 
overall reduction in our cost of funds. 
 
Our operating businesses continued to deliver stable and resilient cash flows with distributable 
earnings of $360 million or $0.15 per share for the quarter and $1.5 billion or $0.65 per share 
over the last 12 months. 
 
Operating funds from operations in our infrastructure, private equity and energy businesses 
increased by 19% over the prior year quarter, supported by continued momentum in the 
underlying businesses and ongoing execution of growth initiatives across each platform. 
Fundamentals in our real estate business are very strong. The recovery is quality led with 
tenants, lenders, and capital increasingly focused on the best assets in the strongest markets. 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 6 
 
 
Our super core and core plus portfolios are over 95% occupied, and we continue to sign new 
leases at rents materially above expiring levels, supported by a strong pipeline of tenant 
demand and limited new supply. 
 
In our retail portfolio, tenant consolidation into top -tier malls continues to drive demand for our 
well-located, high-quality assets. And during the quarter, 1.6 million square feet of leases 
commenced at rent 11% above prior levels. 
 
In office, we signed 2.6 million square feet of leases globally with average net rents 15% above 
the expiring levels. This included 227,000 square feet of leases in the U.S. at rents more than 
double expiring levels and 761,000 square feet in Canada are rented 30% above expiring levels 
including a 200,000 square foot lease at Exchange Tower, a core plus asset in downtown 
Toronto. The leasing activity represents meaningful embedded upside that we expect to realize 
in our results of tenant take occupancy and rent commence. 
 
Our super core portfolio generated 2% same -store NOI growth in the quarter, and our leasing 
pipeline gives us strong visibility into further cash flow growth ahead. 
 
Moving to North American residential , l onger-term market fundamentals remain supportive, 
underpinned by the structural undersupply of across North America. Performance in the quarter 
relative to the prior year period primarily reflected the absence of a prior year gain on a sale of 
five master planned communities as well as the delayed timing of certain lot sales this quarter. 
Despite short-term market challenges, the business remains well positioned to generate solid 
earnings in 2026. 
 
Shifting to monetizations, transaction activity remained active across most asset classes. 
 
During the quarter, we advanced $17 billion of asset sales across the business and substantially 
all sales were completed at or above carrying levels. A notable highlight which closed after 
quarter end was the $2.5 billion recapitalization of IFC S eoul, a landmark mixed-use complex in 
Seoul, Korea. The transaction crystallized the fund's investment realizing a 17% IRR and 2.4x 
multiple of capital while allowing Brookfield alongside partners to retain upside participation in 
the asset. 
 
Importantly, this transaction marks another step toward carried interest realization for the fund 
and shows the resilience and dominance of the office portfolios we own. 
 
During the quarter, we realized $157 million of carried interest into income and ended the 
quarter with $11.8 billion of accumulated unrealized carried interest. 
 
We continue to maintain conviction in the carried interest we expect to realize over the next 
three years, supported by a strong pipeline of monetizations, and we continue to expect 2026 to 
be an inflection point with realizations ramping up in the second half of the year. 
 
Moving to capital allocation. During the quarter, we returned $598 million of capital to 
shareholders through regular dividends and share buybacks. Year -to-date, together with BAM, 
we repurchased over $1 billion of shares at very attractive prices. That is over $1 billion invested 
back into our businesses including $470 million of BN shares and $575 million of BAM shares, 
and we will continue to allocate capital to buybacks enhancing the value of each remaining 
share. 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 7 
 
 
Moving on to our balance sheet and liquidity. Capital markets remain constructive, with capital 
increasingly shifting towards quality assets and businesses underpinned by essential services 
and real assets that generate predictable cash flows. Year-to-date, we have executed $45 billion 
of financings across the franchise including $15 billion in our real estate business. 
 
We continue to maintain substantial liquidity and a conservatively capitalized balance sheet 
providing significant flexibility to support the growth of our business. 
 
Before I hand the call over to Sachin, I want to briefly touch on our corporate simplification. 
 
As part of our ongoing efforts to streamline our corporate structure, we are working towards 
buying the corporation on our Wealth Solutions business, creating a fully integrated insurance 
investment organization. This builds on the successful conversion of our listed private equity 
business entity earlier this year and the progress we have made exploring similar initiatives with 
our listed infrastructure and energy vehicles.  
 
When we established Wealth Solutions, we structured it similarly to our listed affiliates which 
enabled it to benefit from the corporation's capital base and investing capabilities. That 
approach served us well. Over the past five years, we have grown the insurance business to 
$30 billion in value while scaling the asset base to $200 billion. 
 
At this stage, to continue growing and maximizing returns while maintaining a low -risk profile 
combining BN and BWS is optimal, providing our insurance operations with greater access to 
approximately $145 billion of incremental capital from our permanent capital base will enhance 
capital efficiency and flexibility in optimizing our capital structure to support the continued 
expansion of the business over the long term. A few other insurance businesses in the world 
have access to this scale of excess capital, combined with deep investment capabilities across 
real assets. We expect this will strengthen the certainty we provide to our policyholders and 
create significant long-term value for our shareholders.  
 
We continue to work through the final details to implement the transaction and expect the 
Boards of Directors of BN and BNT to conduct a final review in the coming weeks. Subject to 
their approvals, we intend to seek shareholder approvals at our respective annual general 
meetings scheduled on July 16. Bringing it all together, we have had an active start to the year 
delivering strong financial results while continuing to execute on our strategic priorities. 
 
As we look ahead to the balance of 2026, we expect the momentum in our financial 
performance to continue. With that, I'm pleased to confirm that our Board of Directors has 
declared a quarterly dividend of $0.07 per share payable at the end of June to shareholders of 
record at the close of business on June 15, 2026. 
 
Thank you for your time. I will now pass the call over to Sachin. 
 
 
Sachin Shah, Chief Executive Officer, Brookfield Wealth Solutions 
Thank you, Nick, and good morning, everyone. 
 
With the recent close of our acquisition of Just Group, a leading provider of retirement services 
in the U.K. pension risk transfer and individual annuity markets, we thought it would be 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 8 
 
worthwhile to provide an update on our Wealth Solutions business and the outlook going 
forward. 
 
As we speak to you today, we have a scaled , global $180 billion investment -led insurance 
business focused on retirement and Wealth Solutions and a growing protection business. 
 
Our objective is to compound our capital at 15% plus returns over the long term while 
maintaining a disciplined approach to risk and generating stable, predictable earnings. Today, 
that opportunity we set out to pursue remains very large and continues to grow. 
 
Across developed markets, populations are aging , l ongevity is increasing and the decline of 
defined benefit pension systems is driving significant demand for private sector solutions that 
can provide stable income in retirement. These trends are not cyclical but rather structural, and 
they underpin a long runway for growth in our business.  
 
To grow our business, we have focused on originating long -duration, predictable liabilities, 
primarily annuities and pensions , and paired those with high -quality cash flowing investments 
sourced through the Brookfield ecosystem, allowing us to generate consistent excess returns 
while maintaining low leverage and a high degree of earnings visibility. 
 
Our business today is as follows: first, in North America, our annuity platform built through 
American National and American Equity provides us with leading distribution capabilities across 
the retail and institutional annuity and pension channels , and the  ability to originate significant 
volumes of long -duration, predictable liabilities longer dated than what we see across the 
industry today. This platform continues to be a core driver of organic growth and earnings for 
BWS. 
 
In parallel, we have our U.S. property and casualty platform or protection platform, as we call it, 
through Clearbrook. Clearbrook adds an important element of diversification for us , allowing us 
to participate in specialty insurance markets with a low leverage profile while also broadening 
our investment flexibility. 
 
Over the past few years, we have significantly improved this business by derisking the liability 
profile and focusing on profitable growth. We have done this through exiting volatile lines, 
reducing our catastrophe exposure and strengthening underwriting discipline. 
 
As the P&C market sees pockets of softening, we believe there will be substantial opportunities 
for us to continue to scale this platform both organically and through M&A. 
 
Finally, with the recent addition of Just in the U.K., we can extend our proven annuity track 
record into new geographies. This transaction represents a significant step forward in scaling 
our business internationally. The U.K. is one of the largest and most developed pension risk 
transfer markets globally, with substantial volumes around GBP 50 billion annually expected to 
come to market over the next decade. 
 
With the addition of Just, we now have immediate scale and a strong platform to build upon. 
Just has operated for over 20 years, serving approximately 700,000 U.K. pensioners across 
institutional and retail policies. The transaction adds approximately $40 billion of assets into 
BWS. 
 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 9 
 
We acquired this business an attractive going -in return of approximately 10% to 12% on our 
$1 billion of invested capital. We closed this transaction on April 1st. 
 
From a strategic standpoint, our priorities following the close are very clear. First, we are 
focused on reinforcing and growing Just's core business lines, particularly in pension risk 
transfer and retail annuities, where the company has an established track record and a strong 
market position. 
 
Second, we will apply our investment -led approach to enhance returns by optimizing the asset 
portfolio and leveraging Brookfield's global origination capabilities. 
 
Today, the business has the ability to write approximately GBP 5 billion of pension flows 
annually, and we expect that to continue and grow as capital support from our balance sheet 
and the redeployment into Brookfield originated investments allows Just to be more competitive 
on large-scale transactions in the U.K. market.  
 
Beyond the U.K. we continue to make progress on our broader international growth initiatives. In 
Asia, we are in the early stages of building a presence in what we believe will become a very 
significant market over time. 
 
We executed our first reinsurance transaction in Japan in late 2025, and we are seeing growing 
interest from our counterparties who believe this channel focused on long -duration, predictable 
liabilities will represent an important driver of growth in the years to come. 
 
Now turning to the quarter briefly. Our business has $20 billion of regulatory capital supporting 
policyholders inside the insurance companies. 
 
In that regard, we had a strong quarter across our distribution channels and continue to see 
opportunities to write longer -dated policies at our target duration to match our real asset 
investment strategies. 
 
We originated approximately $5 billion of sales across long -dated retail annuities, funding 
backed agreements and pensions capturing market share in the U.S. Furthermore, we continue 
to expand our distribution capabilities, particularly through bank and broker-dealer channels. 
 
We recently launched our products on two major bank platforms with more to come this year 
which we expect will contribute incremental annual sales as these platforms scale. 
 
While the first quarter is typically seasonally slower, particularly in pensions, we expect activity 
to increase meaningfully as the year progresses and remain constructive on the outlook for 
2026, where we expect to write circa $25 billion of new policies across all of our retail and 
institutional annuity channels. That being said, our approach to growth remains consistent. 
 
We remain disciplined in writing business that meets our target returns and aligns with our 
investment strategy. Our priority is not maximizing volume but generating high -quality, durable 
earnings. 
 
We have a growing number of products and distribution channels which gives us the unique 
ability to allocate capital towards the most attractive opportunities across channels, products, 
and geographies when one market becomes more competitive. 
 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 10 
 
On the investment side, we continue to leverage Brookfield's global platform to source high -
quality opportunities and seeing attractive risk -adjusted investments suitable for our diversified 
insurance portfolios. 
 
Over the last 12 months, we have deployed nearly $15 billion into Brookfield strategies, 
including $4 billion in the most recent quarter at an average total return exceeding 10%, 
reflecting the benefits of our investment franchise and our stable long-duration liability profile. 
 
Today, our business generates more than $2 billion of annualized earnings , and we remain 
confident in our ability to deliver at our mid-teens targets over the long term. 
 
We are very pleased with the progress we are making and with the recent addition of Just 
continued expansion across our core markets and a disciplined investment -led approach, we 
believe we are well positioned to continue to scale this business while maintaining a high-quality 
and resilient earnings profile.  
 
Thank you. With that, I will hand the call over to the operator for questions. 
 
 
QUESTION & ANSWER 
 
 
Operator 
(Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Cherilyn Radbourne with TD 
Cowen. 
 
 
Cherilyn Radbourne, Analyst, TD Cowen 
Thanks very much and good morning. So clearly, issues in private credit and software have 
significantly affected the public share prices of the alternative asset managers. Just curious how 
much fundamental damage you think has been done? 
 
And does that put us on the cusp of further industry consolidation? 
 
 
Nick Goodman, President 
Cherilyn, it's Nick. Listen, I think it's a fair question. 
 
I think it comes back to a little bit of what Bruce talked about which is I think there are issues 
that are grabbing a lot of headlines, but in the scale of the broader investment markets, their 
materiality is low. 
 
So, for sure, it's not a systemic broad issue in any way to broader markets and valuations.  I 
think the degree of relevance varies based on managers and our investment strategies. 
 
I think that where you see price and value differentiate, they will prove out over time when 
people prove out their investment posture capabilities and exposure. 
 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 11 
 
So, I think for managers that are well invested around  the right sectors like us with real asset 
exposure, where performance is incredibly strong. I think you will see that continue to 
differentiate over time and come through with the performance of the funds. 
 
I think for us, when you take a step back, for Brookfield, our posture was with our relevance 
around AI infrastructure and our presence in space, we were able to get ahead of what was 
coming. 
 
It's created a tremendous investment opportunity for our real asset strategies around AI and 
with the Oaktree's disciplined investment strategy and capabilities, we think this could be an 
attractive investment opportunity for us. And maybe over time it may create consolidation issues 
in the market or opportunities even for good managers. 
 
But I think this exposure will pass. There may be some that have outsized exposure to some of 
those sectors and there are impacts. But I think for the best managers with good investment 
strategies, this will go by and performance should differentiate itself over time. 
 
But I think if you look at it as it relates to Brookfield, these are very immaterial asset classes to 
us based on our deliberate posture and our presence in NAI is more around the backbone 
buildout. We have no software exposure, and our credit portfolio is performing incredibly well. 
 
So, if anything, we see this as just a continuation of our strategy and our performance should 
differentiate itself over time. 
 
 
Cherilyn Radbourne, Analyst, TD Cowen 
That's good detail. The other question we've been getting is around Brook field’s posture in the 
Middle East and just how the war there is impacting your LPs and investments in investment 
activity in that region. 
 
 
Nick Goodman, President 
Yes. I think we have reiterated this at length recently, Cherilyn. 
 
We were absolutely committed to the region. These are tremendous countries with tremendous 
potential and some of our best partners in the LPs. We remain absolutely committed. 
 
We continue to have constructive conversations with them around our investment strategies and 
their commitment to our funds and predating this and continuing, we also continue to have 
discussions with them around investment into the region. 
 
So again, we see this as a core part of our business over the long term and not impacted by the 
short-term volatility caused by the war. 
 
 
Operator 
One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Mario Saric with Scotiabank. 
 
 
 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 12 
 
Mario Saric, Analyst, Scotiabank 
Good morning and thank you for taking the questions.  
 
Just I wanted to circle back on the proposed BN, BNT combination, I appreciate the circular is 
not out yet. It sounds like the Board are reviewing in the coming weeks. But do you have any 
initial sense regarding the range of potential tax implications for BN shareholders with respect to 
the options that you are considering? 
 
 
Nick Goodman, President 
Mario, it's Nick. 
 
Look, I would just tell you that we are still working through the final details of the transaction. 
 
As I said, we expect Board approval shortly. But we  are absolutely taking into account the tax 
efficiency and the impact for shareholders and are proceeding with this in a way that should 
minimize any impact for shareholders. 
 
 
Mario Saric, Analyst, Scotiabank 
Got it. Okay. And my second one, you included a new slide in the supplemental discussing new 
business investments including $1 billion of SpaceX shares. You have talked in the past in terms 
of BN and its technology-related spend.  
 
How should we think about the progression of that investment at the BN level over time? 
 
 
Nick Goodman, President 
Yes, it's a good question, Mario, but just take a step back.  
 
As you know, technology companies are increasingly moving into hard assets. And given our 
global presence in AI infrastructure, be it power, real estate, AI factories now through the AI fund 
and data centers and our broad Brookfield ecosystem , we are developing all -encompassing 
relationships with the major technology companies, and that is enabling us to have access to 
attractive investment opportunities, attractive for us and attractive for our clients. 
 
They are also giving us access to technology potentially that can create capabilities that could 
benefit the broader Brookfield ecosystem or by staying close to these technologies that could be 
meaningful for our businesses over time. 
 
In terms of the size and the risk profile of what you see, we  are being very disciplined. The 
balance sheet exposure at this point is modest relative to our permanent capital base. We  are 
investing selectively where we think we have differentiated access, strong partners, or strategic 
relevance. 
 
To be clear, this is not SaaS exposure , it's not software exposure, it’s strategic investment in 
technology that's highly attractive and good for the business. 
 
So I think of this as targeted allocations of capital to investments that have attractive financial 
returns and potential strategic value to the franchise. And just given the strong performance to 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 13 
 
date, and hence, the growth in size, we felt now is just a good time to call it out and profile the 
investments that we have so that they are visible for you to see and understand. 
 
 
Operator 
One moment for our next question. That will come from the  line of Bart Dziarski with RBC 
Capital Markets. 
 
 
Bart Dziarski, Analyst, RBC Capital Markets 
Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone. 
 
I wanted to ask with regards to Brookfield Wealth Solutions.  So, we are seeing the regulatory 
environment evolving including recently the U.K. PRA looking at funded reinsurance 
agreements with Bermuda captive. 
 
So maybe if you guys could talk us through higher managing regulatory capital as the 
environment evolves. 
 
Sachin Shah, Chief Executive Officer, Brookfield Wealth Solutions 
Sure. Hi Bart, it's Sachin. 
 
First of all, just to level set, we have $20 billion -- in excess of $20 billion of regulatory capital 
that's inside the insurance business and every one of our insurance companies that write 
policies is rated A or A- by the three major agencies. Two of our entities have received upgrades 
over the last few years. 
 
So, we are in a great position from a capital position we generally operate about 4x the 
regulatory minimum requirement of capital. That's allowed us to write policies in the U.S. in 
scale because we are seen as a trusted, reliable partner. 
 
On top of that, as you know we have $180 billion of permanent capital sitting in BN, which has 
supported our growth and which acts as an incredible, if not often talked about, layer of 
additional protection for our business. 
 
So we are in great shape, and we have a runway for years to come to be able to use that capital 
and grow the franchise. 
 
On your point on the U.K., pushing back on Bermuda as a jurisdiction, I don't think it has a 
material impact to us Just doesn't use it today and we were not planning to use it for Just. 
 
I would say the real answer there is the U.K. and even in Europe, migrating insurance liabilities 
and assets to the U.K. doesn't really provide much of a capital benefit in light of Bermuda 
adopting rules that were consistent with the U.K. and Europe. 
 
So, for the PRA to say we don't want you to use it, it shouldn't have a dramatic impact on even 
our competitors in that marketplace, but certainly not for us because we don't use it today. 
 
 
Bart Dziarski, Analyst, RBC Capital Markets 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 14 
 
Okay. Great. Very helpful, thanks Sachin. And t hen maybe just sticking with insurance and on 
the Just Group. 
 
So you talked about you can write $5 billion of business annually today but you  are looking to 
scale that. Could you unpack that opportunity a little bit? 
 
I think there is a chance to move up market and maybe other areas you're looking for to tap into 
that growth, thanks 
 
 
Sachin Shah, Chief Executive Officer, Brookfield Wealth Solutions 
 
Sure. So, what Just was and is very, very good at is operating in small pension schemes that 
are not highly competitive because of their size and generating really attractive returns on those. 
 
They built a franchise in and around small schemes. We intend to continue that because it's an 
area where there is just not a lot of competition, and you can pick up great returns. 
 
But with our capability to bring capital and investment expertise to their business, we think they 
can now move to the upper end of the market and write policies that are in excess of 
$500 million or in excess of $1 billion, where again there  is less competition on both ends of the 
extreme spectrum. 
 
So, in the small policies and the very large policies, Just is less competition. If we can play in 
both of those spots, we can pick up attractive returns. 
 
In playing on the larger policies, we can bring a lot of the expertise we have from the U.S. and 
Canada into that market. 
 
 
Operator 
One moment for our next question and that will come from the line of Alexander Blostein with 
Goldman Sachs. 
 
 
Michael Vinci, Analyst, Goldman Sachs (on behalf of Alexander Blostein) 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. This is Michael on for Alex. 
 
I wanted to ask a quick question on the P&C business. 
 
So, you have mentioned that you continue to exit parts of that business , we were wondering 
what the run rate the impact is after you fully rationalize those parts of the P&C business. How 
far along are you towards those goals? 
 
Then as a corollary, what are the capital implications of exiting those lines? 
 
 
Sachin Shah, Chief Executive Officer, Brookfield Wealth Solutions 
Sure, hi Michael. 
 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 15 
 
So, I would say we have completed the “exiting of lines .” We exited Surety, our Professional 
Lines business, we exited last year. We called a few other lines, but we  are done. There is no 
more in to be done. The business we have is in really good shape. 
 
Where we are today is, I'd say we have a very strong casualty franchise, we really are careful 
on the property side because of where we saw CAT exposure. We have a small and very stable 
admitted business. 
 
If I was to look ahead over the next five years, I think what we  are seeing is as the property 
markets continue to soften and rate comes down and as casualty markets are starting to show 
the first signs that we think our specialty business should be poised to grow for two reasons. 
 
One is, we could be a very reliable counterparty to the broker -led market because we are in 
good shape. We have strong capital, and we are we have a track record now of profitability. 
 
Then two, we think there  will be platforms out there that will need capital in this environment, 
and we could be a great partner for them. 
 
So, I don't see any further reduction in the business. 
 
In fact, where I see it now over the next five years is potential -- we have the potential to 
substantially grow this business as markets were to deteriorate. 
 
 
Michael Vinci, Analyst, Goldman Sachs (on behalf of Alexander Blostein) 
Great, thank you. 
  
As a follow -up on the full year $25 billion target for origination, obviously there  is some 
seasonality in the retail channel for the first quarter. But accounting for the $4 billion year -to-
date, I think that implies something like $7 billion per quarter for the rest of the year. 
 
So maybe we can walk through the sources there. It sounds like about $5 billion of that is 
expected from Just. But anything on the sources of the $25 billion cadence over the year and 
the confidence in hitting that target? Thanks. 
 
 
Sachin Shah, Chief Executive Officer, Brookfield Wealth Solutions 
Sure. I'll start with -- one thing we did see in the first quarter and this is pretty broadly published 
or disseminated is that demand for fixed annuities is down 9% or 10% in the U.S. this year over 
last year. 
 
So, we are seeing, for the first time, a slight softening of annuity demand. In that environment, 
we actually picked up market share. We picked up four points of market share in a weaker 
market which is a really good fact pattern. It shows that we are able to sell in this market pick up 
as others fall away. 
 
What we are seeing now is the early signs of us entering into bank channel market. Just so you 
have a perspective on the importance of the bank channels. 
 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 16 
 
Today, we sell about one -third of total annuities in the U.S. in the bank channel most of our 
competitors sell about two-thirds of total annuities through the bank channel. 
 
So, we have a tremendous runway of growth as those channels ramp up. 
 
We got on to two important bank channels in the first quarter this year, and we have a third one 
coming likely in the third quarter of this year. 
 
So, we have a lot of runway for growth. We think we'll pick up market share. 
 
If you take that increased market share in the U.S. plus the combination of Just, we feel pretty 
good if all things stay consistent that they are, that will be in line with our targets. 
 
 
Operator 
One moment for our next question and that will come from the line of Sohrab Movahedi with 
BMO Capital Markets. 
 
 
Sohrab Movahedi, Analyst, BMO Capital Markets 
Ok, thank you. Sachin, I wanted to just stay with you, if I can. 
 
What are the two or three KPIs you want BN shareholders to watch for  to see how best you are 
capturing at BWS compounding intrinsic value for BN? 
 
 
Sachin Shah, Chief Executive Officer, Brookfield Wealth Solutions 
I would say total return on invested capital is number one, that's our singular focus. We  are 
building this business to compound capital at mid -teens or high teens for a very long period 
without taking undue risk. 
 
So if I had to focus you on one thing, I would say that we  are not a top line business. This isn't 
about growth at all costs. It's nice that we grow, and we see a long runway of growth, and we 
don't think that that's going away. But really compounding capital is very important. To unpack 
that, we then look at total return over our cost of funds, which is more of a per unit measure. 
 
So what is -- I know in the market, sometimes analysts and others look at spread, but we add on 
top of spread, unrealized gain on investments. 
 
So we really look at total return on our invested capital, and we look at it both on a gross 
business basis and on a per unit basis. Beyond that, what I would say , we trying to build, and 
we are maybe the only ones who can do this. We are trying to build a business where at the top 
of the house, we can move our capital around to geographies and products. 
 
We can do that without any conflicts or clients or other invested capital partners sitting in any 
part of the business. 
 
So, if the U.K. is a great opportunity, we can move capital there. 
 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 17 
 
If the U.S. presents a more compelling opportunity, we can go there, and we can be fungible in 
how we allocate capital with that singular goal that I described it at the outset. Does that help? 
 
 
Sohrab Movahedi, Analyst, BMO Capital Markets 
Yes. That's very helpful. 
 
So, maybe just as a bit of a follow -on to that. Maybe it's a bit of a naive question to ask 
Brookfield but is there a size at which or is there a scale or market position at which you would 
say we can put a mission accomplished sign on BWS. 
 
 
Sachin Shah, Chief Executive Officer, Brookfield Wealth Solutions 
No. I think as long as you see a credible path to allocate capital in a business where you can 
continue to compound at mid-teens, you don't really put up a mission accomplished sign. 
 
For us, it's just comes down to the next dollar of capital offer a compelling investment 
opportunity. 
 
 
Operator 
One moment for our next question and that will come from the line of Jaeme Gloyn with National 
Bank. 
 
 
Jaeme Gloyn, Analyst, National Bank 
Thanks. Good morning, I'll stay with the star of the show today's session and a question on 
retail flows, annuity flows. 
 
So, I think you addressed it a little bit a couple of questions to go, but I wanted to focus it on the 
outflow side of the equation which increased materially from this quarter last year. 
 
Can you talk about the drivers of those outflows? Is there some lumpiness? Is it consistent? 
 
Maybe just help on that front. 
 
 
Sachin Shah, Chief Executive Officer, Brookfield Wealth Solutions 
Yes. Part of it is just quarter-over-quarter comparisons are difficult. I would say on an annualized 
basis, we should be at somewhere between $10 billion to $12 billion of outflows which is 
consistent with our duration profile that's high single digit. 
 
For the most part, we are selling products in the five, seven and 10-year range. 
 
So, if you blend out on an average liability duration of eight to nine years, and you divide that by 
the total assets we have, you can very quickly come down to what our annualized outflow 
should be. 
 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 18 
 
So not a surprise. I would say if you  are -- for modeling purposes, if you  are trying to plan, you 
should plan $10 billion to $12 billion a year as the business gets larger, naturally, you  are going 
to have more outflows year-over-year. 
 
 
Jaeme Gloyn, Analyst, National Bank 
Yes. Okay. Understood. 
 
Then stepping up higher level on the breakdown of distributable earnings and just looking at 
cost of funds growing at a faster rate than the net investment income in this quarter, anything to 
pull out from that result. 
 
 
Sachin Shah, Chief Executive Officer, Brookfield Wealth Solutions 
Yes, one thing that I think is cutting across us and all of our peers is that as the front end of the 
yield curve comes down, annuity rates continue to stay pegged to the back end of the curve. 
You are bringing in dollars on day one in cash that have just earned less money. 
 
I think what you have to then be able to look at, so that for -- therefore your weighted average 
net investment yield is lower on day one than it would have been a year ago when the yield 
curve was higher, and yet your cost of funds is the same and has crept up a little bit as the back 
end has come up. 
 
With that steepening of the yield curve, I think what you guys have to look at is who is best 
positioned to capture that total return. What we are really focused on is rotating that cash  
position into long-duration assets, long-duration equity, and credit strategies where we can earn 
that high-teens total return on a per unit basis. 
 
If you look at our results, we are, as I said, we are capturing market share. Our total return is still 
somewhere in the 225 basis points of spread, and we're still achieving mid-teens ROEs. 
 
So, I'm not worried, but if you look at a point in time that's what is driving your lower average net 
investment yield vis-a-vis your cost of funds. 
 
 
Operator 
One moment for our next question and  that will come from the line of Dean Wilkinson with 
CIBC. 
 
 
Dean Wilkinson, Analyst, CIBC 
Thank you, good morning everyone. Nick, I just want to talk on the buybacks. I mean it's been a 
tremendous use of capital over the past five years. 
 
But when you look at that relative to the value that say sits at the manager, has there been any 
thought as the gap closes at that ownership level saying, would you take that back to the 
historical $75 million, or are you just trying to match those buybacks with what the manager is 
doing? 
 
 
 
Q1 2026 Conf Call/Webcast Transcript                          Brookfield Corporation | 19 
 
Nick Goodman, President 
Hi Dean, yes. Listen, I would think of BN and BAM as two distinct companies with their own 
capital and we are doing our own buybacks based on our own independently almost of each 
other. At the BN level, as you know, we have significant cash flow coming in every year. 
 
We have very attractive investment opportunities, and we look to opportunistically buy back 
shares where we see that discount persist between price and our view of intrinsic value. And as 
we have executed this year is $475 million, $470 million year -to-date, that's a good pace, and 
we're not even halfway through the year. 
 
So, for us, this is just a permanent consideration of allocation of capital. It's a separate and 
distinct allocation to what the BAM management team is focused on. They independently of BN 
believe that, and maybe it comes back to the first question that Cherilyn asked, the volatility 
that's been created in the market by some of the negative perception around credit and software 
which really was applied to every manager without distinguishing who had exposure and who 
didn't cause some irrational behavior in the BAM share price. 
 
They opportunistically bought back shares in size in that period of time. That was an 
independent capital allocation decision. But given our significant ownership in BAM, we benefit 
significantly from that. 
 
But I would say they are distinct from each other, but you should expect buybacks continue to 
be a significant component of our capital allocation at BN. 
 
 
Dean Wilkinson, Analyst, CIBC 
 
It is very reminiscent of everyone  thought real estate of going to die a couple years ago and 
didn’t really. Okay, thanks for that, Nick. 
 
 
Operator 
I'm showing no further questions in the queue at this time. 
 
I would now like to turn the call back over to Ms. Katie Battaglia for any closing remarks. 
 
 
Katie Battaglia, Vice President, Investor Relations 
Thank you, everybody, for joining us today and with that, we'll end the call. 
 
 
Operator 
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
 