

----- Page 1 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 1 of 36 
 
 
  
3rd Quarter Commentary 
October 2025 
 


----- Page 2 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 2 of 36 
 
Table of Contents 
 
What WeŌĆÖre Doing Now: ........................................................................................................... 3 
The Index Risk Avoidance and Active Management Redux Edition, Part II ..................................... 3 
First Batter Up:  Sidestepping the Index by Investing with the HouseŌĆ”Securities 
Exchanges .................................................................................................................................. 5 
Next Batter Up: Localized Inflation Investing vs. Scarcity Investing ................................... 11 
Preamble: Is There Inflation? You Gonna Believe the CPI or Your Lying Eyes? ................................... 11 
What is Localized Inflation? And Why Could It Be Important to Me? ................................................... 13 
A Historical Example of an Important Wealth Preservation Risk and an Effective Hedge .. 13 
Gold: Localized Inflation that Everyone Has Noticed ............................................................................ 16 
Taking the Concept and Running With It: Scarcity Investing, Too .......................................................... 20 
Third and Cleanup Hitters: Natural Gas On Deck, Then Water .......................................... 23 
An Excess Supply History ..................................................................................................... 23 
That Was Then, This is Now: Demand in the Domestic Market ........................................... 24 
Demand in the Global Market .............................................................................................. 29 
The Localized Nature of Natural Gas Supply ....................................................................... 30 
The Extraordinarily Localized Nature of Water Supply, Part I ............................................................... 31 
Not an Oxymoron: Buying Big Economic Market Power in Small-Cap Companies .............................. 33 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

----- Page 3 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 3 of 36 
 
What WeŌĆÖre Doing Now:  
  The Index Risk Avoidance and Active Management Redux Edition, Part II 
The 25th anniversary of the modern era of indexation investing coincided with last quarterŌĆÖs Commentary. 
Since their introduction in May 2000 , the iShares ETFs  have supplied a  bounty of data about the 
performance record of ETFs.  ItŌĆÖs not what people expected. WeŌĆÖll get to that in a couple of paragraphs.  
Although the SPDR S&P 500 dates to 1993, in 2000 it was still a rounding error within the equity market. 
All 80 ETFs that existed that year totaled about $65 billion ,1 a mere 0.4% of the U.S. stock market. 2 By 
year-end 2023 assets in passive funds finally exceeded those in active funds ; lately, to pick a single ETF 
totally at random, the iShares Bitcoin Trust ETF alone is close to $90 billion.3    
The ETF era began in earnest that year,  with a continuously and massively expanding annual inflow of 
funds, in particular drawn from active managers. The 2000 to 2025 ETF record is every bit as important as 
the seminal Ibbotson and Sinquefield study of asset returns from 1929 to 1975. 4 It is a question- raising 
counterpoint to accepted wisdom and asset allocation practices. 
Ibbotson and Sinquefield introduced the expectation that stocks should return 10% or more annually over 
time. Yet, in the past 25 years ŌĆöacross the spectrum of large and small cap sectors, growth and value, 
domestic and internationalŌĆöwith virtually no exceptions, annualized equity ETF returns were in the 7% 
to 8% range. Fixed-income ETFsŌĆöacross the maturity spectrum and even for inflation-indexed investment 
grade bondsŌĆöreturned  3.5% and below; adjusted for 
taxes and inflation, they were negative. 
That return shortfall is all the more surprising ŌĆöand 
should be worrisomeŌĆögiven  the massive one-decade lift 
from the Information Technology sector which, inclusive 
of Amazon, Meta and Alphabet, now comprises 46.1%5 
of the S&P 500 market value . One personŌĆÖs worry can 
differ from someone elseŌĆÖs.  
Most investors worry, as expressed in the valuations,  
about the opportunity cost of missing outperformance in 
the IT sectorŌĆönow synonymous with the AI /datacenter 
phenomenon. Few worry about the virtually in evitable 
capital loss  cost of participating: with ITŌĆÖs index 
dominance, thereŌĆÖs nowhere to hide, no  saving 
diversification grace to be had, should IT valuations 
 
1 https://www.icifactbook.org/pdf/2024-factbook.pdf pgs. xii and 8 
2 https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/CM.MKT.LCAP.CD?locations=US  
3 https://www.morningstar.com/funds/recovery-us-fund-flows-was-weak-2023  
4 Stocks, Bonds, Bills, and Inflation, 1976  
5 As of October 20, 2025 
Source: Factset 

----- Page 4 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 4 of 36 
 
contract if/when any of a  range identifiable emerging risks make themselves felt . All such episodes of 
market concentration and valuation extremes end similarly. 
Note: The May 2000 start date of this time series aligns oh so closely with the peak of the technology 
bubble. Some might argue that this  is a selection date convenience that  invalidates the conclusions. That 
argument ignores the extraordinary expansion in revenues and valuation multiples that has fueled the 
current market. Because now itŌĆÖs a peak to peak measurement. In any case, May 2000 alsoŌĆöand this is the 
very pointŌĆöcoincides with the inception of the ETF era and its supportive impacts.  
It can also be asked, ŌĆ£Is 25 years not ŌĆślong termŌĆÖ enough that the IT sector , in particular, must still be 
accorded special deference?ŌĆØ For instance, at the Dot.com Bubble peak, Technology represented almost 
exactly one-third of the S&P 500 by weight. 6 The remainder of the index had rather low valuations ŌĆö itŌĆÖs 
not clear at all that the year-2000 starting point for long-term stock market performance is unfairly maligned 
by the Dot.com bubble. On a weighting basis, the IT sector was well exceeded by Health Care, Consumer 
Staples, Consumer Discretionary, and Financials. At that peak, the Consumer Staples forward P/E was 
below 15, and Financials were about 12.5.7  
For a sharper compare-and-contrast, a generous selection of large-capitalization growth companies in late 
1999, ranging from the likes of Abbott Labs and The Hershey Company to M&T Bank had an average ROE 
of 25%, about the same as a selection of Technology companies like Intel, Microsoft, and Oracle.  
Yet, while the trailing 12-month stock performance of the Technology stocks averaged 166% (yes, indeed), 
the aforementioned blue-chip economic super-performersŌĆÖ average return was negativeŌĆöto be exact, -15%.  
The year-forward average P/E of the Technology companies was 122x earnings, while the estimated P/E 
for these ŌĆ£normalŌĆØ stocksŌĆönot normal, actually, in terms of their extraordinarily high returns on equityŌĆö
was 15.7x earnings.  
 
Clearly, the non-technology portion of the market was not at all disadvantaged, in terms of valuation or 
profit possibilities , by a starting date of May 2000. That two-sides-of-the-coin result  in the stock 
 
6 https://en.macromicro.me/collections/34/us-stock-relative/121244/sp-500-gics-sectors-weightings-monthly  
7 https://yardeni.com/charts/sp-500-sectors-forward-p-e-ratios/ 


----- Page 5 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 5 of 36 
 
performance of these two groups  was created by the  suction pump effect of the bubble market pulling 
money out of the ŌĆ£blue chipsŌĆØ into the dot.coms . The notion that the stock market  can reliably generate 
10% annualized returns should not be accorded any special protection from objective evaluation.  
In deference to the World Series, now in full swing, this CommentaryŌĆÖs major points will be organized 
rather like a baseball lineup. 
First Batter Up:  Sidestepping the Index by Investing with the HouseŌĆ”Securities Exchanges  
Part I, last quarter, introduced  the idea of sidestepping the index entirely, yet with  a rational, fact-based 
expectation of a higher-than-index long-term return. Also the idea that thereŌĆÖs more than one way to do this. 
The academic literature about efficient markets and modern portfolio theory ŌĆö and the ever -burgeoning 
indexation movementŌĆö asserts that this scenario shouldnŌĆÖt exist. 
That it can exist is in part  an effect of the market impact of the index investment vehicles themselves. 
Originally intended to measure market performance, with the idea of participating in a very modest way 
that doesnŌĆÖt alter that which is being measured, indexed investing has become ŌĆ£the marketŌĆØ and the 
marginal trade. When such a great portion of the finite volume of investment funds that is available at any 
given time flow s into one gravitational vortex of the market ŌĆöin this era, the mega-cap and IT stocks ŌĆö
there must necessarily be an investments funds volume deficit elsewhere, the shallows well away from the 
deep, crowded pool of the efficient marketplace. Many such areas, in fact , where valuations are distorted 
downward instead of upward.  
Securities Exchanges, as prefaced last quarter, are the most conceptually familiar of these  alternative, 
contra-index equity classes. As the venues where transactions take place, they sit, like a croupier at a casino, 
atop the market action, ultimately indifferent to the fashions and tempests of the moment . All the while,  
they collect their spreads and benefit from periodic volatility as well as long-term rising volumes.   
Herewith, a review by the manager of our Blockchain Development ETF  (actively managed, of course) , 
Brandon Colavita. You should note, in this section, another paradox around scarcity value: although the 
four major incumbent securities exchanges operationally encompass the totality of the stock market, they 
themselves comprise only a 0.4% aggregate weight in the S&P 500. As with other strategies we employ 
that have an implicit inflation hedge character, there is precious little of it available to an index buyer. 
 
The securi’┐Įes exchange model is so powerful that 
nearly every exchange with a 20 -year public track 
record has outperformed its respec’┐Įve regional 
stock index, in m ost cases by a wide margin. It ŌĆÖs a 
global phenomenon: The U.S., Japan, Hong Kong, 
the UK, Singapore, you can see the list in the ac -
companying schedule . The business model pro -
vides global exposure to a wide variety of assets , 
many of them either absent fromŌĆö or only margin-
ally available inŌĆö the indexes themselves. It allows 
them to maintain their favorable ’¼ünancial charac-
teris’┐Įcs regardless of where it is implemented, re-
gardless of the economic variables of each speci’¼üc 
region. 
 

----- Page 6 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 6 of 36 
 
Our preference is for por’┐Įolios to exhibit 
convic’┐Įon-weighted compounding over extended 
’┐Įme horizons that are consonant with the longevity 
of their an’┐Įcipated business model success . 
Current exposures of our strategies are not just a  
func’┐Įon of ini’┐Įal alloca’┐Įons, but of the 
performance of the individual securi’┐Įes we hold. 
As long as convic’┐Įon in a posi’┐Įon remains,  it is 
allowed to compound without the impedimentsŌĆö
the decision risks, taxes and fric’┐ĮonŌĆö of trading.  
In this way many of our por’┐Įolios manifest a natu-
ral trend towards concentra’┐Įon. With ’┐Įme, the 
best performing companies have become some of 
the most in’¼éuen’┐Įal posi’┐Įons, while lesser perform-
ing securi’┐Įes have self-limited their impact.  
Not every idea will have the same level of success. 
But we are con’¼üdent in comprehensive fundamen-
tal research that incorporates and reconciles the 
quan’┐Įta’┐Įve with the qualita’┐Įve. That means  the 
business model, not merely the ’¼ünancial metrics; 
market and index structure, not merely weigh’┐Įngs, 
arbitrary sector designa’┐Įons and vola’┐Įlity stats; 
the long- term economic and compe’┐Į’┐Įve context 
over short-term index-rela’┐Įve returns. Enough so 


----- Page 7 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 7 of 36 
 
to let each thesis play out uninterrupted. While the 
strategy exhibits low turnover, the underlying 
holdings are constantly evaluated, since research 
analysisŌĆö not passionŌĆö is what dictates changes.  
There is no litle irony thatŌĆö as long-term investors 
who espouse and prac’┐Įce minimal turnoverŌĆö a 
central theme and alloca’┐Įon is the securi’┐Įes ex-
change business model, which depends upon mon-
e’┐Įzing the ’¼ünancial marketsŌĆÖ ever-increasing turn-
over and trading. Of course, exchanges are captur-
ing other par’┐ĮesŌĆÖ needs to transact; their own busi-
ness, while adap’┐Įve to new trading instruments 
and sources of volume, is highly persistent. CME 
was founded as the Chicago Buter and Egg Board 
in 1898; today, their largest contracts are interest 
rate futures, while some of their fastest growing are 
related to cryptocurrencies. 
This inherent adaptability ŌĆö growing with, not 
despite, the introduc’┐Įon of new, ŌĆ£disrup’┐ĮveŌĆØ 
assets and trading methodsŌĆö has been a feature of 
the securi’┐Įes exchanges for as long as the available 
data show, and they have about the greatest 
 
8 https://r.jordan.im/download/investing/siegel2006.pdf  
9 As of May 1896: American Cotton Oil, American Sugar, 
American Tobacco, Chicago Gas, Distilling & Cattle Feeding, 
General Electric, Laclede Gas, National Lead, North 
longevity of any publicly traded business in the 
world. The NYSE dates to May 17, 1792, and the 
London Stock ExchangeŌĆÖs history goes back to 1698 
in the venue of JonathanŌĆÖs Co’¼Ćee House.  
Since 1957, when the S&P 500 was established, cre-
a’┐Įve destruc’┐Įon has ravaged, merged or replaced 
half of the original companies.8  By 2003, of the 341 
surviving descendants (including products of mer -
gers and spin-o’¼Ćs); 41 were foreign companies; 11 
were in the process of bankruptcy proceedings; an-
other 119 are no l on g e r  i n  t h e  S & P  5 00; 63 were 
taken private. And that was two decades ago. As to 
the original Dow Jones membersŌĆ” today theyŌĆÖre 
hardly recognizable , like Dis’┐Įlling & Catle 
Feeding.9  
While constant trading is the an’┐Įthesis of our 
por’┐Įolio management prac’┐Įce, that is decidedly 
not the investment worldŌĆÖs preference. There is no 
reason to believe that human psychology will 
change or that markets will cease to innovate, so in 
this sense our por’┐Į olios bene’¼üt fr om the ever in-
creasing transac’┐Įon volume and velocity.  
American, Tennessee Coal and Iron, U.S. Leather, and U.S. 
Rubber. Source: https://guides.loc.gov/this-month-in-business-
history/may/djia-first-published  

----- Page 8 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 8 of 36 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Prior Commentary edi’┐Įons have cited reasons for 
the global outperformance of exchanges.  
ŌłÆ Trading technologies have improved, the vari -
ety of investment instruments has  increased, 
and markets have been opened up to retail and 
interna’┐Įonal liquidity pools for a far larger cli-
ent base.  
ŌłÆ Assets that were formerly di’¼ācult or rela’┐Įvely 
illiquid to trade, or almost exclusively the 
province of ins’┐Įtu’┐Įonal tradingŌĆö whether 
bonds or gold or futures like oil and vola’┐ĮlityŌĆö
have become equi’┐Įzed in the form of ETFs, 
available to any and all, and in the smallest 
denomina’┐Įons.  
ŌłÆ The turnover of ŌĆ£equi’┐ĮzedŌĆØ assetsŌĆö including, 
in a sense, equi’┐Įes themselves, like the SPDR 
S&P 500 ETF ŌĆö manifest astounding turnover. 
The SPDR, even with $600 billion of assets, 
trades $44 billion worth of its shares daily, 
which means 100% turnover every 14 days.  
ŌłÆ In some cases, trading hours have increased, 
markets have gone electronic, pla’┐Įorms have 
introduced low-latency matching engines (sub-
20-millionths-of-a-second transac’┐Įon speed 
for some pla’┐Įorms). The list of adap’┐Įve 
developments goes on.  
But all of these are opera’┐Įonal details of adjus’┐Įng 
to the moment or an era; they are necessary to any 
going concern, but donŌĆÖt really explain why ex -
changes are so di’¼Ćerent than other businesses. Ex-
changes are where businesses go, where the world 
goes, to lay o’¼Ć risk and hedge, to raise capital, to 
buy and sell securely and with transparency,  where 
there is the presence and availability of all the other 
buyers and sellers and the liquidity a’¼Ćorded  by 
their joint presence in the same place. ItŌĆÖs the 
venue, the (regulated) bazaar, that allows our capi-
tal markets to operate. 
Another reason for the extraordinary performance 
of exchanges aligns perfectly with our por’┐Įolio 
management philosophy: it is the incredible ability 
of these exchange pla’┐Įorms to let their products 
compound without impediment, and without the 
need for com mensurate capital investment to 
support new levels of volume.  
Though not all new products are successful, a’┐Įer 
the ini’┐Įal o’¼Ćering, whether an ETF or a futures con-
tract, exchange volume is largely the result of mar-
ket response to the pure u’┐Įlity or func’┐Įon it pro-


----- Page 9 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 9 of 36 
 
vides to poten’┐Įal par’┐ĮcipantsŌĆö as opposed to any 
marke’┐Įng ini’┐Įa’┐Įve or incen’┐Įve the exchange could 
o’¼Ćer to induce transac’┐Įons. Coca-Cola and Philip 
Morris spent scores of billions of dollars to secure 
expanding and persistent sales; the securi’┐Įes ex-
change is simply open for business. 
In the case of deriva’┐Įves, if the product solves 
some market need for hedging or specula’┐Įon, then 
there is a fair chance of success. If the contract 
grows in popularity, the exchange infrastructureŌĆö
its ’¼üxed costŌĆöis already in place. That infrastruc -
ture is, essen’┐Įally, a trade execu’┐Įon and processing 
computer system, so it can typically do so with min-
imal marginal costs to the exchange itself. Pro -
cessing a thousand orders is not much di’¼Ćerent for 
a computer than processing a million. And the most 
popular products, as de’¼üned by market demand, 
typically become the highest -volume products on 
the pla’┐Įorm. 
Here are the top contracts in the U .S. exchange 
traded deriva’┐Įves markets in 2024, along with their 
annualized trading volume increase in the past 20 
years. 
 
Overall, market volume has expanded at more than 
a 10% annual rate over this 20-year span. Which, as 
is obvious, exceeds the growth rates of GDP (4.4%) 
and U.S. corporate pro’¼üts (6.0%). One will note not 
only the diverse range of assets absent from the 
equity indexesŌĆö including the mundane like soy oil 
and wheatŌĆö but that even  the volumes of those 
quo’┐Įdian agricultural commodi’┐Įes have exceeded 
corporate pro’¼üt growth. Moreover, as impressive 
as the rates of core product o’¼Ćerings of the early 


----- Page 10 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 10 of 36 
 
2000s have been, newer products have taken 
center-stage.  
ŌłÆ As ETF gr owth has e xpl od ed, so t oo ha v e ETF  
deriva’┐Įves volumesŌĆö futures, op’┐ĮonsŌĆö such 
as those rela’┐Įng to SPY and QQQ.  
ŌłÆ B i t c o i n  i s  n o w  a  t o p  # 2 0  c o n t r a c t ;  t h e  a s s e t  
itself did not even exist un’┐Įl 2009, and futures 
trading didnŌĆÖt commence un’┐Įl 2017.  
ŌłÆ Although e lectricity demand has been prety 
’¼éat in the US for 20 years, the vola’┐Įle nature of 
the markets (pricing, weather events, regional 
disloca’┐Įons) has led to an increase in contract 
volume of over 30% annualized over a period of 
20 years.  
A wheat farmer facing uncertain weather  
halfway through the growing season might 
wish to hedge that risk by selling some of the 
future crop in advance ŌĆö that is, for future 
delivery. Similarly, a u’┐Įlity company facing 
possible summer drought condi’┐Įons for its 
hydro-electric power plants  might purchase 
some futuresŌĆö electricity for future receiptŌĆö to 
make up for any output shortages.  
Note the di’¼Ćerence between the return to the 
exchange itself of electricity contract volume, 
and the returns to the S&P 500 of electric u’┐Įlity 
sector. 
In prac’┐Įce, it hasnŌĆÖt matered which contracts 
succeed, only that capital markets con’┐Įnue to 
operate in order to accommodate the innumerable 
changing needs of a working economy. A working 
economy requires a bridge between the physical 
world (like commodi’┐ĮesŌĆö wheat, gold and oil) and 
the ’¼ünancial world (currency, interest rates, stock 
indexes), a place where both immediate and future 
supplies can ’¼ünd buyers, buyers can ’¼ünd sellers, 
risks can be hedged, or prospec’┐Įve returns 
magni’¼üed. Exchanges are the  crossroads between 
the physical world and the ’¼ünancial.  
This is why the securi’┐Įes and deriva’┐Įves exchanges 
have always been able to capture new assets, new 
’¼ünancial vehicles, and new technologies  (indi’¼Ćer-
ent to the winners and losers). And why they have 
grown in excess of the underlying price of those 
same assets. How does that happen?  
Put simply: trading begets more trading.  More ac-
’┐Įvity typically leads to ’┐Įghter spreads, providing 
beter execu’┐Įon prices for traders, and making 
pla’┐Įorms more atrac’┐Įve. Each trade or each ’┐Įck 
helps re’¼éect new informa’┐Įon on assets, and even 
the smallest price movements can incen’┐Įvize ac’┐Įv-
ity for those looking to capitalize on perceived mis-
pricing. Similarly, new posi’┐Įons can require o’¼Ćset-
’┐Įng posi’┐Įons in other assets, as traders need to 
e’¼āciently manage margin and collateral to ’¼üt their 
allowed exposures  
The prior charts highlighted exchange performance 
versus local country indexes and exchange -traded 
deriva’┐Įve volume growth in the US. But how did 
those individual contract volumes re spond to 
di’¼Ćerent levels of price apprecia’┐Įon in the 
underlying assets? WeŌĆÖve broken out the prior 
volume chart by commodi’┐Įes with more discrete 
pricing to compare.  
We have mul’┐Įple examples of price trajectories, 
but volume growth has been robust in nearly every 
instance. Natural gas exhibited a signi’¼ücant price 
decline in the U.S. over the prior 20 years. Contract 
volumes were impressive. WTI was prety ’¼éat, but 
volumes s’┐Įll grew at a robust rate. Bitcoin contract 
volume was even able to outpace the massive 
apprecia’┐Įon in underlying market. 

----- Page 11 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 11 of 36 
 
Gold was the one outlier, but consider these points. 
First, this chart only highlights exchange -traded 
contracts on U.S. exchanges. Including all global ex-
changes covered by the Futures Industry Associa -
’┐Į o n ,  g o l d  c o n t r a c t  g r o w t h  w a s  a c t u a l l y  o v e r  1 2 %  
annualized over the prior 20 years. This is another 
reason why we hold so many exchanges across the 
world. Global exchanges do not exhibit a high level 
of correla’┐Įon to one another and we are s’┐Įll able 
to capture market ac’┐Įvity no mater where it oc-
curs. Second, the exchanges were not required to 
make binary bets on the asset to capture growth. 
And ’¼ünally, the exchanges did not  require much in 
terms of capital expenditures to service these con-
tracts.  
Tie in some counter cyclical elements, because 
exchanges s’┐Įll collect on volume to the downside 
of asset pricing, and you have a really powerfulŌĆö
and, importantly, almost inde’¼ünitely long-livedŌĆö
business. 
ŌłÆ Brandon Colavita  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Next Batter Up: Localized Inflation Investing vs. Scarcity Investing 
Preamble: Is There Inflation? You Gonna Believe the CPI or Your Lying Eyes? 
ItŌĆÖs almost impossible to read a Horizon Kinetics paper of  the past half -decade without a reference to 
inflationŌĆÖs preeminence as a threat to capital preservation, and its near inexorable approach. ItŌĆÖs also almost 
impossible to see inflation in the reports of official figures like the Consumer Price Index.  
One reason is that  measuring inflation, at least as practiced by economists, is surprisingly challenging. 
Partly because consumer behavior shifts in response to price changes: If beef prices rise enough, consumers 


----- Page 12 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 12 of 36 
 
will substitute cheaper food items. Therefore, the price of the basket of foods that enters the CPI calculations 
will not measure the full price impact. Yet price increase certainly does impact that family. 
More than that, it is well-nigh impossible to develop a consensus around whether such inflation even exists. 
ThatŌĆÖs because different societal constituencies have radically different perceptions of  the magnitude of 
inflation: food and rent price increases might be near -intolerable for low -income consumers, yet almost 
below the notice of high-income consumers (and of policy makers as consumers, too). 
Even the elegant example of the Big Mac Index, which made its first appearance in The Economist 
magazine in 1986, fails to determine a societally internally consistent level of inflation. The  engagingly 
simple idea was that this particular fat/salt/sugar delivery vehicle (yes, protein, too) embodies its own basket 
of inputs. Not only various food commodities, but also labor, rent and energy costs, among others. Nor does 
determining the average price of a Big Mac entail any data collection, methodology or policy controversy; 
the data source is simply the price charged at the digitized restaurant counter.  
Yet the Big Max Index is also problematic: as of April of this year, the average pre -tax price of that 
commodities-on-a-bun construction ranged from $4.68 in Texas to $6.72 in Massachusetts, a 44% 
differential.10 The U.S. is large enough that cost pressures can vary greatly by region. 
To continue this exercise in inflation indeterminacy:  
ŌĆó For the 12 months through August 2025, the CPI increased by 2.9%.  
ŌĆó For the 12 months through this August, the restaurant industryŌĆÖs Total Food Away From Home 
category experienced menu price inflation of 3.9% ŌĆöand, for full -service restaurants, 4.6%. 
ŌĆó The 16-month average Big Mac price, from year-end 2023 to April 2025, is up an annual 9.2%.11  
The restaurant sector is a more important factor in GDP than one might think. In addition to food sales, it 
includes 15% of the entire U.S. workforce, plus real estate rental  costs, plus supplies purchases, and so 
forth. A problem in the restaurant industry is almost by definition a problem for the U.S. economy. 
Moreover, the above figures underreport inflation. Restaurants have not raised their menu or output prices 
as much as the input prices they pay. The reason is that limited-service restaurantsŌĆöfast food restaurants 
in civilian parlance ŌĆöassert that their customers  resist menu price increases in proportion to the menu 
inflation rate. Price increases result in diminished traffic. The inability to raise prices will naturally result 
in compressed profit margins.  
 
10 Food & Wine, "Every State's Big Mac Price, from the Best Bargains to the Biggest Splurges," May 5, 2025 
11 April 2025 U.S. price of $5.79 versus its year-end 2023 price of $5.15. 

----- Page 13 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 13 of 36 
 
That is seen in the Producer Price Index for Food Wholesaling: The food input costs with which the 
restaurant companies must contend rose by 
10.0% in the 12 months through this August. 
That illustrates the problem. Vast sections of the 
public have been experiencing a troubling 
increase in inflation for some years now, a phe-
nomenon objectively confirmed by restaurant 
industry menu prices. And restaurant sector in-
vestors apparently perceive the problem, too, as 
manifested in poor returns since the convenient 
inception of the Advisor Shares Restaurant ETF 
(EATZ) almost five years ago . EATZ ap -
preciated by an annual 3.3% during the period, 
and the McDonaldŌĆÖs figure is 8.4%.
12 McDon-
aldŌĆÖs is number 43 in the S&P 500. Neverthe -
less, neither the perception nor the data is reg-
istered in the government ŌĆÖs headline inflation 
statistic, the CPI.  
What is Localized Inflation? And Why Could It Be Important to Me?  
A Historical Example of an Important Wealth Preservation Risk and an Effective Hedge 
If a n accepted measure of inflation has yet to be achieved, it follows that there canŌĆÖt be a coher ent 
government policy around it. However, even if there were such a policy, the risk to ŌĆöor investment 
opportunity forŌĆö any individual is more likely to be localized inflation, meaning local to a specific com-
modity or locale or one very narrow segment of the economy, rather than generalized inflation.  
For instance, if the price of oil were to soar , as happened in the 1970s, you might think to mitigate the  
problem by owning appropriately sized investments in the oil industry. HereŌĆÖs how that would play out:  
The Capital Preservation Risk: If you spend 5% of disposable income on petroleum -related products 
like gasoline, heating oil and natural gas, then, all else constant, a doubling of oil prices would reduce 
your disposable income by 5%.  
Ostensible Solution: Allocate 5% of your investment portfolio to petroleum producers. ThenŌĆö if the 
portfolio is at least the size of your annual spending and saving ŌĆö it would increase enough to offset 
the energy-based loss of purchasing power. 
This might seem like a logical course of action, but in practice, that strategy failed. There is a vast difference 
between owning a corporation that drills for oil, and owning the cash flow directly connected to the price 
and production volume of oil. A lot happens in a corporationŌĆÖs income statement between the revenue line 
 
12 EATZ inception date: April 20, 2021. As of October 16, 2025. 


----- Page 14 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 14 of 36 
 
and the net income line. Also on the balance sheet, and between the starting and ending valuation multiples 
of the corporationŌĆÖs shares. That strategy worked this wayŌĆ”  
ŌĆó Oil averaged $1.82 per barrel in 1972, and by 1974 increased over five-fold to $11.  
ŌĆó The price of Exxon at year-end 1972 was $2.73 per share (adjusted downward to reflect stock splits), 
but by year-end 1974 had declined by 26% to $2.02.  
While ExxonMobil is a hedge against inflation in theory, in practice any meaningful inflationary trend is 
likely to be accompanied by higher interest rates. Higher rates reduce the value of most capital assets. This 
is rational, since the companyŌĆÖs reserves replacement costs will increase, perhaps substantiallyŌĆöeverything 
from labor and equipment to new land leases and reserves. Thus, an Exxon investor will never have access 
to the entirety of the companyŌĆÖs putative earnings, the woulda coulda shoulda earnings.  
Although the long-term share price of Exx onMobilŌĆöone of the best -performing energy compa niesŌĆöis 
clearly correlated with the price of oil, it does not seem to out perform oil. Particularly when it would be 
most helpful, during an oil price spike. This can be seen in the accompanying chart, spanning 23 years from 
a then-relative low in oil prices to a recent relative high.  
A better way to benefit from localized  oil price inflation is through an oil royalty trust. Perhaps the best 
example, because of the longevity of its record, is Sabine Royalty Trust (SBR). 
  Between year-end 1999 and October 2025, oil rose from $26.91 a barrel to $58.51, or by 2.17x.  
ŌĆó During that period SBR appreciated from 
$14.50 per share  to $69.81, nearly a 5.2x 
increase, exclusive of dividends.  
ŌĆó The dividends received during  those 25 
years totaled $96.42, or 7.2x the 1999 SBR 
share price.  
ŌĆó Summed, over a 12 -fold return  for SBR 
unit holders. 
 
Yet, Sabine Royalty  has obviously not self -
liquidated. Although net royalty acres are fixed at 
inception, advances in petroleum geology 
engineering mean that as of 2024, SBRŌĆÖs proved oil 
and gas reserves are substantially higher than in 
1999, despite all the production from those reserves 
over the course of those 25 years, and despite 
Sabine Royalty incurring no capital expenditures 
for 25 years.  
Sabine Royalty is an example of a direct 
beneficiary of localized inflation. Because the cash 


----- Page 15 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 15 of 36 
 
flow is distributed monthly , with no reinvestment requirement , oil or natural gas price increases will 
automatically be translated in short order to distributable income. Its business model is to just collect royalty 
checks, pay the 0.7% of revenues (!) it incurs in administrative costs, and send the remaining 99.3% to unit 
holders. 
That makes it a suitable hedge against oil and gas price increases. Nor need one anticipate inflation to make 
good use of  such an  instrumentŌĆö itŌĆÖs not a binary win- or-lose choice. One merely prepares for the 
possibility of localized inflation and receives a robust cash flow. 
As to how much can happen on an income statement between the revenue and net income line, a side -by-
side picture of the ExxonMobil and Sabine Royalty income statements shows you what you need to know. 
Importantly, the fact that one of them is very, very large, and the other is very, very small is completely 
irrelevant to their inherent profitability or value as hedges against higher energy prices. 
 
 
 
  


----- Page 16 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 16 of 36 
 
Gold: Localized Inflation that Everyone Has Noticed 
Everyone seems to know that the price of gold has well-more than doubled in the past three years. It was 
flat for the prior ten. So, why?  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The first instinct is to look to infla tionary 
pressures. Yet, the CPI tells us there is no gen-
eralized infla tion. The Federal Reserve  itself 
continuously projected a 2.5% -to-3% near-
term inflation rate  during th ese past  three 
years. 
TodayŌĆÖs gold price, then, is a clear example of 
localized inflation. But what explains its three-
year 145% price rise? 
There are very few historical references to gold 
price changes of this magnitude. In relatively 
recent financial history, gold rose an almost -
identical 156% in an almost identical three -
plus years from 1972 to 1974. T hat was ex -
plained by the U.S. abandonment of the gold 
standard. But thatŌĆÖs not a help today. 


----- Page 17 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 17 of 36 
 
Gold quintupled in the 
three-plus years between 
1976 and mid- 1980, and 
that was explained by the 
intense and sustained infla -
tion, which rose from an 
annual average of 5.8% in 
1976 to 13.5% in 1980. But, 
again, there is no such 
inflation today. 
Today, there are two proximate reasons, though they ultimately boil down, of course, to a supply-demand 
imbalance. 
The first fundamental reason comes 
from an overproduction and excess 
supply position a decade ago, just as 
for so many other commod ity pro-
ducers. G old dropped 40- odd per -
cent from its peak price in 2012. The 
mining companies could no longer 
get an adequate return on their capi-
tal. The rational response , par -
ticularly being in such an asset 
intensive and high -risk busi ness, 
was to reduce their capital in -
vestments. 
By 2016, Newmont MiningŌĆö the largest U.S. gold 
producerŌĆöreduced its sustaining capital expenditures 
(those necessary to maintain current gold production from 
existing projects) by almost 60%. Total capital expenditures 
in the five years to 2017 were reduced by over 70%. 
This remed y was to simply wait for the oversupply 
condition to correct itself . This  was a high -confidence 
strategy, since the global population and industrial output 
expands over time. If total demand increases were to come 
only from population growth, and if population growth  
were to produce demand growth  on a 1:1 basis , then gold 
demand should have expanded 13% between 2012 and 
2024. A global measure is appropriate, since gold is a global 
commodity. 


----- Page 18 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 18 of 36 
 
Eventually, the miners could restore some of their prior spending. NewmontŌĆÖs capital expenditures have 
finally recovered to the 2012 level. This is not a useful figure, though. T he global price levelŌĆöwhich 
determines how much a unit of currency can buy in terms of labor and other inputsŌĆörose by 46% between 
2012 and 2024.13 In inflation-adjusted terms, reserve development spending is still 28% below what was 
being spent a dozen years ago. 
Accordingly, the oversupply problem was corrected on the producer side.  
As to the demand side, ETFs made their impactful introduction to this asset class, too. Although with the 
paradoxically unintended consequence of tempering the long-term expansion plans of the gold miners. 
For the positive face of it , ETFs were one of the only two meaningful sources of new demand in the past 
decade, along with central banks. Another positive: A great part of ETF demand is for portfolio asset alloca-
tions. As an allocation decision, it will tend to be a permanent feature, unlikely to ever be zero.  
On the other hand, ETF  holders differ 
from other gold buyers. They are highly 
price-sensitive and are undisciplined 
sellers. W itness, in the accompanying 
table, their massive  selling near the 
bottom of the cycle in 2015; ETFs were 
also net sellers on the way down, in 2014. 
They can also put large portions of their 
holdings on the market at a momentŌĆÖs 
notice.  
As a vanguard of the financialization of the markets, ETFs might now be the marginal gold buyer and seller, 
the short-term price setter, just as they are in the stock market. The largest three gold ETFs  hold 1,678 
metric tonnes of gold. That is twice the increase in global demand over the past decade. ItŌĆÖs a third of annual 
global demand. And contrary to the ordinarily understood laws of supply and demand, t he mere existence 
of ETFs is creating incentives for gold miners to not produce gold.  
This is because a sober mining company management cannot respond as it 
once might have to an apparent increase in demand, if that demand is from 
ETF buyers. The miner must maintain a disciplined production profile to 
avoid the severe financial repercussions of committing long-term production 
capital in response to a very fidgety buyer. Fidgety: The $125 billion SPDR 
Gold Trust shares turn over every 25 days. 
In this circumstance, there is little incentive to consistently increase 
production. An ETF holder can decide to sell a loss position and reinvest the 
 
13 Calculated on a GDP-weighted basis. https://www.worldbank.org/en/research/brief/inflation-database  


----- Page 19 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 19 of 36 
 
proceeds in something else; it takes a minute. The gold mining company canŌĆÖt just ŌĆ£take a lossŌĆØ on its real-
asset investments and redeploy that capital into another business. 
Yet another factor that contributed to suppressing capital investment by the gold mining industry was the 
introduction of greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets. In 2020, Newmont Mining  adopted a stated 
goal of reducing such emissions by 32% for the ensuing 10 years. But gold miningŌĆÖs carbon footprint is not 
just a matter of powering the machinery to extract ore. The ore must be smelted in a furnace under intense 
heat, not so different in that sense than steel production, which necessarily involves an intense use of carbon. 
There isnŌĆÖt a way a way to reduce CO2 emissions by 2% to 3% a year without limiting production increases.  
All these factorsŌĆö the 
oversupply position a dec -
ade ago, introducing cli-
mate change goals into pro-
duction planning, and the 
demand/supply uncertainty 
around the financialization 
of the gold market ŌĆöhas 
had a clearly observable 
impact on production. 
Capital ex penditures 
peaked in 2015, and global 
mine pro duction has been 
flat ever since.  
There is also the fact that 
ore grades (the proportion 
of gold in the rock 
extracted in the mining process) are declining materially. The average gold grade was 1.31 g/t Au in 2022, 
down 13.4% since 2012,
14 and poised to fall further as miners expand into deeper/lower quality mine plans. 
This not only increases the all -in sustaining cost  for mine break -evens, but is considerably more carbon 
intensive.  
 
This is much of the answer to the ŌĆ£what the heck has happened to gold?ŌĆØ question. Demand has gradually 
caught up to the level of available supply. But, there wonŌĆÖt be sustained new supply from the mining sector. 
Even if only from a basic engineering and permitting perspective, new mine production of significance 
canŌĆÖt just be ŌĆ£ramped upŌĆØ on a dime; not even in a decade. As just discussed, itŌĆÖs unlikely to happen on a 
corporate policy basis, either.  
When supply canŌĆÖt be increased in the face of higher demand, even if the incremental demand is modest, 
price becomes the balancing factor, and those price changes can be truly disproportionate . WeŌĆÖre calling 
 
14 https://www.spglobal.com/market-intelligence/en/news-insights/research/gold-in-initial-resources-drops-to-4-year-low-in-2023  


----- Page 20 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 20 of 36 
 
that localized inflation, because itŌĆÖs completely uncorrelated with the ordinary systemic factors like national 
monetary policy or the general inflation rate. 
For all of this discussion about mining companies and gold, at Horizon Kinetics we bought neither. We 
bought gold royalty companies, like Franco Nevada Corp. and Wheaton Precious Metals. The gold royalty 
company only makes an investment once. Upon recovering its initial investment, its subsequent return on 
capital is nearly astronomical.  
ŌĆó Unlike the metal, the royalty company has an ongoing high-level ROE, even when the gold price 
is not rising, so a financial return is always being earned.  
ŌĆó Unlike the miner, there are no capital expenditure requirements and virtually no operating expense. 
Here, tooŌĆö to repriseŌĆö they have an ongoing high- level ROE, even when the gold price is not 
rising, so a financial return is always being earned. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Taking the Concept and Running With It: Scarcity Investing, Too 
We started with oil and gold, because they should naturally command a bit of patient interest. We spent so 
much time on them because thereŌĆÖs a payoff: In gold, the phenomenon of localized inflation is already 
apparent, but the other extractive industries will eventually have the same experience.  
The financial markets wonŌĆÖt help these companies either. Extraction-based commodity production is very 
capital intensive, but it is exceedingly difficult for producer s to attract significant equity capital, because 
they canŌĆÖt compete with  the need to raise fantastic amounts of capital for data centers and artificial 
intelligence projects. Would you be more likely to answer the phone f or a chance to invest in : A) an iron 
ore mine with a payback period beginning in 10 years ; or B) a datacenter developer thatŌĆÖs up and running 
in a few? With little or no equity capital available to them, thereŌĆÖs not much chance for mining companies 
to address a supply deficiency even if they perceive a long-term demand opportunity. 


----- Page 21 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 21 of 36 
 
This raises three lines of related thought relative to portfolio positioning. 
One is that future localized inflation can often be anticipated with a high degree of confidence. WeŌĆÖve seen 
to what great effect that understanding can be put , using  the appropriate asset -light vehicle. All thatŌĆÖs 
required is patience for the compounding to manifest. 
A second thought is that scarcity value can magnify the return possibilities of a localized inflation 
beneficiary. While Sabine Royalty was an astoundingly more successful beneficiary of higher oil prices and 
inflation than an actual extraction company like Exxon, scarcity value was not one of the attributes of its 
superior performance.  
The additional attribute of s carcity value can apply two ways : to the asset itself; and to the security 
associated with it, as when a company attracts more buying interest than its stock market capitalization can 
supportŌĆöwhen there arenŌĆÖt enough shares to go around.  
A company that embodies both anticipatory localized inflation and scarcity value could be extraordinarily 
remunerative.  
A third thought is that even  a small-cap company can control or be economically 
linked to an asset that is critical toŌĆö meaning a limiting factor forŌĆöa  large industry. 
It is possible for such a small company to be the largest such in its economic sector 
or geographical area. In the right circumstance, it can achieve terms of trade 
advantage with an industryŌĆÖs dominant companies. Historically, superior ROE and 
financial performance are a function of having pricing power. 
This might seem like a does -not-compute proposition in a world with an  almost 
monomaniacal focus on the largest, most-owned companies that owe some of their preeminence to sheer 
scale and the market power that comes with it. But consider one illustrative out-of-the way example, and 
then one or two more obvious ones that, like gold, are likely to be top-of-mind in the foreseeable future. 
The out-of-the-way example is potash. Potash, you say? This is what provides potassium, one of the three 
essential crop nutrients, the other two being nitrogen and phosphorus. Global food production at the current 
scale would collapse without their near-constant application. 
The rising future demand curve for crop fertilizers is based on some inexorable factors that are noticeably 
similar to prior discussions about why demand for oil and gas is not going to fade away any time soon: 
ŌĆó The global population continues to rise, which proportionately requires additional fertilizers.  
ŌĆó Food demand rises faster than population, because rising standards of living in poorer nations come 
with greater caloric intake.  
ŌĆó Further, a higher share of that new caloric intake is from animal products and other calorie-rich foods 
like vegetable oils, which require incrementally more crop production than grains and legumes.  
ŌĆó Importantly, the amount of arable land does not  increase, which means that , on a per-capita basis, 
cropland is in constant decline: from 4,000 square meters in the 1960s to about 2,500 sqm in 2000. 


----- Page 22 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 22 of 36 
 
2,500 sqm is  about half the size of an  American football field, including the end zones. Per -capita 
cropland was last projected by a U.N. study to fall to 1,900 sqm by 2030.  
ŌĆó All of this means higher required crop yields, which will require disproportionately more fertilizer, 
net of other yield enhancement technologies and process improvements.  
This sequential expansion function between population growth , wealth effect  and f ertilizer demand is 
shown in the accompanying chart from BHP (which mines not only metals and coal, but potash, too). 
As to demand, 90% of global 
potash consumption is for agri -
culture.  
As to supply, there was a decade-
plus expansion to answer a de -
mand cycle that caused prices to 
quintuple, peaking at $682/ton in 
2009.  
That expansion phase ended 
around 2015, when potash 
traded in the $300 range, but 
created an oversupply position  
that then caused prices to  
gradually decline through 2020, 
to $202.  
Supply disruptions caused by 
the Russia sanctions 
temporarily caused a price 
spike to $1,200 in 2022 
(whoopsie, demand  exceeded 
supply!), but it quickly returned 
to 2015ŌĆÖs $360 range.
15  
Accordingly, prices are not 
high enough to induce 
investment in new supply and 
reserve replacement, so 
producers are availing themselves of still-extant surplus capacity. However, that excess capacity is expected 
to be fully utilized in the next several yearsŌĆ” this all sound familiar? 
 
15 Source: https://www.indexmundi.com/commodities/?commodity=potassium-chloride&months=360  


----- Page 23 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 23 of 36 
 
As to where that supply goes and where it comes from, the U.S. imports 95% of its potash needs. Almost 
80% of U.S. potash imports comes from Canada. Canada is the worldŌĆÖs largest supplierŌĆö at a 30%, shareŌĆö  
and holds 45% to 60% of global reserves, depending on the calculation method.  
Within Canada, three companies produce all the potash, two of which produce more than a quarter of global 
supply. They are asset intensive mining companies, with a host of their own cyclical and capital risks and 
limitations, no different than for oil or gold extraction. And, wouldnŌĆÖt you know it, there is actually a potash 
royalty company, and it gets its royalties from those two largest North American potash producers. This is 
Altius Minerals. 
Altius doesnŌĆÖt call itself a potash royalty company, because potash is a bit less than one-third of its royalty 
revenues. On the other hand, its Base & Battery Metals royalty revenues, which are about 40% of the total, 
are mostly from copper, which is also very difficult to get exposure to. Another nearly 10% came from iron 
ore. All of these commodities share the supply/demand dynamics that have been discussed thus far. Another 
nearly 20% of royalties are from solar and wind power projects, almost exclusively in Texas. 
To get exposure to these  otherwise difficult -to-isolate strategic commodities that are each steadily 
approaching their localized scarcity expression momentsŌĆöwhen the demand/supply balance tips ŌĆöAltius 
has a market value of  only $1.2 billion. The combined market cap of the two potash miners, Nutrien and 
Mosaic, is almost $40 billion. The market cap of Freeport-McMoRan, the copper miner is nearly $60 billion. 
Another frame of reference for the scarcity value of a $1.2 billion company like Altius Minerals: the lowest-
weight stock in the S&P 500, at less than 1/100th of one percent, is News Corp. It has a stock market value 
of $15 billion. Which company has superior portfolio -relevant characteristics? (ŌĆ£RelevantŌĆØ defined as 
excluding popular non-fundamental considerations like market cap, daily trading liquidity, industry sector 
designations, index inclusion, standard deviation, beta, etc.) 
Third and Cleanup Hitters: Natural Gas On Deck, Then Water 
Three-Part Sandwich: Another Decade-Plus Excess-Supply Commodity; Incipient Demand Development; 
Gestation of a Localized Inflation Cycle 
An Excess Supply History 
In the 10 years to 2024, domestic natural gas consumption rose at a 2.2% annualized rate, while production 
volumes rose at 3.7%. F or the more recent five years to 2024, gas consumption rose at a 1.25% rate and 
was again exceeded by production volume growth of 2.2%.  
That defines oversupply, and the price reflects it. Since the roughly 2014 peak in hard commodity price, the 
price of natural gas is about flat. In inflation-adjusted terms, ŌĆ£flatŌĆØ means about 67% lower.  

----- Page 24 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 24 of 36 
 
The anemic demand for natural 
gas is linked to a near -absence 
of new electric power demand. 
For the five years between 2014 
and 2019, U.S. electric power 
supply rose only 0.14% a year. 
In the next five years to 2024, 
supply rose at a 0.72% rate. The 
more recent yearsŌĆÖ rise in 
demand, modest though it was, 
is partly attributable to 
datacenter growth. Those were 
the cloud storage datacenters 
that pre-date the 2023/2024 AI datacenter era. 
Interestingly, natural gas use  for electric power 
generation category rose by 66% in the 10 years 
to 2024, or by over 5% per year. This had nothing 
to do with the datacenter boom. It was as a 
replacement for coal, which declined from 43 % 
of total to 16%, while natural gas rose from 30% 
to 47% of U.S. utility -scale power generation. 
However, it does show that natural gas will be 
the fuel of choice for the datacenter buildout. 
 
That Was Then, This is Now: Demand in the Domestic Market     
In November 2022, less than a year after Nvidia released the H100 chip that markedly enhanced the training 
of artificial intelligence models, OpenAI released its first version of ChatGPT. Within two months, in the 
most rapid mass adoption of any consumer application in history, it acquired 100 million active users.  
The investment analytical community failed, for quite some time, to make the association between the scale 
of demand for those Nvidia chips and the idea that they would require a new form of data center. To organize 
the requisite volumes of chips, servers, higher-level cooling systems and electric power load. Enough of 
them that the AI boom might as well be called the datacenter boom.  


----- Page 25 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 25 of 36 
 
The analytical community thereafter required more time to discern the relationship between the ever-more-
powerful Nvidia chips in those new datacenters and the shocking amount of aggregate electric power they 
would draw. They hadnŌĆÖt taken account of the holistic nature of logistics sequencing ŌĆö first introduced to 
many of us in the childhood song 16ŌĆöthat  AI needed: the giga-scale campus to house the racks that house 
the servers that house the chips that consume the power to do the data processing.  
Some people did take notice with MicrosoftŌĆÖs September 2024 announcement of a 20-year, $1 billion+ deal 
to restart the closed  Three Mile Island nuclear plant in Pennsylvania in order to acquire its 800+ MW of 
power. The informational signal about electric power was partly lost in the array of narrative noise in the 
story, everything from nuclear power politics to local job creation to the its deal-making audacity.  
But no one failed to take notice of OpenAIŌĆÖs January 2025 announce-
ment of the $500 billion Stargate datacenter project. Of more electric-
ity than can be bought off the shelf from the local utility, since any AI-
scale datacenter would consume the entirety of the power of well -
more than 90% of U.S. cities. The population of a 90th percentile city 
is about 20,000. 17 The reason for choosing that sized city as a 
benchmark will be clear shortly.  
 
16 ŌĆ£And the Green Grass Grew All Around,ŌĆØ a late 19th century traditional Appalachian folk song. 
17 Source: U.S. Census Bureau, Population Division. Release date: May 2025.      
There are almost 19,500 incorpo -
rated places in the U.S. A median 
popula’┐Įon townŌĆö 50th percen’┐ĮleŌĆö
is East Gull Lake, Minnesota, number 
9,740 in the list, with 1,147 resi -
dents. At the 90
th percen’┐Įle in terms 
of popula’┐Įon is Hermiston, Oregon, 
number 17,532, with a popula’┐Įon 
just under 20,000.  


----- Page 26 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 26 of 36 
 
Upon being noticed, investors immediately revalued electric  utilities upward. The share price of N RG 
Energy, which has placed itself at the forefront of capturing datacenter demand for access to the electric 
grid power, expanded from 12x trailing 2024 earnings to 20x year-forward estimated earnings.18 Utility 
company shares, somnolent for a decade, outperformed the S&P 500 in this bull market year. 
Electricity demand is now rising on a heretofore unknown scale. Rather than reprise another lengthy 
exercise in deriving those figures , hereŌĆÖs a shorthand sketch from someone who knows a lot about 
datacenters. Unknown to us except through a six- week-old transcript, this gentleman caught our attention 
as an outcome-agnostic third party without a particular angle to work. HeŌĆÖs not an investment banker, a data 
center owner or developer, or even an electric utility CEO. HeŌĆÖs just, to do him a oversimplifying injustice, 
a builder for hire who knows certain datacenter essentials from the inside, the nuts and bolts, out.  
He elucidates many of the same concepts with which our clients have become familiar . Among them: the 
mind boggling scale of the demand; the area -density limitations of solar and wind powerŌĆö separate from 
the intermittency problem ŌĆöand the impracticality of the land resources they require for other than 
supplemental use. The same for the storage limitations of batteries and the requirement, in turn, for backup 
natural gas generators even when renewables are being used. 
Other than saying this is EMCOR Group (EME) Chairman and CEO Anthony Guzzi, heŌĆÖll introduce himself 
through selected excerpts from a recent presentation, with which many condensing liberties were taken.19 
If you just take it at the top level, EMCOR is a company where we actually do the work, right? We're a company 
of plumbers, pipe’¼üters, electricians, sprinkler ’¼üters, HVAC technicians, and opera’┐Įng engineers. So, said simply, 
 
18 NRG is primarily an unregulated or ŌĆ£independent power producer,ŌĆØ (IPP) meaning that their power is sold on a merchant basis 
to regulated utilities (the grid), which must maintain reserve requirements to provide power. IPPs act as a form of insurance on the 
U.S. power grid, serving as reserve power when the grid is in a deficit. ItŌĆÖ s debatable if regulators will stand idly as they contract 
this ŌĆ£excessŌĆØ power to hyperscalers. 
19 Transcript Morgan Stanley Latin America Conference, September 12, 2025 


----- Page 27 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 27 of 36 
 
we're a skilled trades company. If you look at trades, we're up here at the top of the food chain. We're looking to 
either build something, ’¼üx something, retro’¼üt it, and then do ongoing maintenance. 
Now, if you think about overall, at our heart, we're contractors.  So that by de’¼üni’┐Įon, we're ’¼éexible, we adapt, 
and we don't really create demand . And we have to have our company posi’┐Įoned to be able to execute for our 
customers.  
What's favorable now? A lot of people want to build gas pipelines right now , s o we're going through some 
compressor sta’┐Įons. The power sector is more though’┐Įul, I would 
say, right now. The engineers are back in charge , the people that 
actually understand the energy industry and what it takes to 
baseload a grid, what latent power really means in a grid to keep it 
running, what it takes to power data. 
So, think about a data center, think about regula’┐Įon. Data centers 
went from being 10 megawats, 20 megawats when we were 
building for people like Morgan Stanley or JPMorgan, 2005, 2006. 
Then we started building these cloud storage data centers, which are 
s’┐Įll growing high single digits. And they were 50 megawats. Folks, 
that's a lot of power.
  
And now , cloud storage is sort of ge’┐Įng up to 100 megawats. AI is 
a b o u t  2 0 0  m e g a w a t s  t o  3 0 0  m e g a w a t s .  S o  l e t ' s  p u t  t h a t  i n  
perspec’┐Įve for you. 200 megawats? There's about, let's say, four 
people in a house hold. 200 megawats is probably the power 
needed for 15,000 to 20,000 people, so a midsized town , small 
town. 
Let's talk about a data center cluster like they're building down in Georgia. It'll be a mix of AI and cloud storage. I 
don't understand how that works. We just build them, service them. That campus will be somewhere between 
2,200 megawats and 3,000 megawats. Or if you're a power guy, they'd say 2 gigs to 3 gigs. Think about that. The 
nuclear plant they put in Georgia, I think that's somewhere around 3,200 megawats to 3,500 megawats. So that 
one data center site is going to take the output of that en’┐Įre nuclear plant that took 10 years to build. 
S o  w h y  a r e  w e  s e r v i c i n g  1 4  o r  1 5  d a t a  c e n t e r  m a r k e t s  n o w ?  
Because they're looking for stranded power. That's why we're in 
South Bend, Indiana. That's why we're in Fort Wayne, Indiana on 
the Indiana side of Lake Michigan where the steel plants used to 
be. That's why Columbus, Ohio can boom. Why? Because they 
got the best connec’┐Įvity outside of D.C., coupled with Ohio River 
Valley coal and gas.  
Stranded power, like last yearŌĆÖs Microso’┐Į 
deal to buy and re -start the Three Mile Is -
land nuclear plant in Pennsylvania, is an op-
portunis’┐Įc early-mover tac’┐Įc. ItŌĆÖs low hang-
ing fruit that gets picked through fairly 
quickly. It canŌĆÖt be an indus try-wide strat-
egy. 


----- Page 28 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 28 of 36 
 
To get that same 200 -megawat solar, which is 
intermitent power, have you ever been to an 
industrial solar ’¼üeld? I'd urge you to go. Anybody 
have a guess how many acres it takes? Guess? 
1,500 acres. To get the power to power that one 
data-center site in Georgia [the full 2,200 to 3,000 
MW] and to do it with solar, by the way, you have 
to build gas backup. But to do it with solar , just 
do the math, 15,000 acres to 25,000 acres.  So 
that's why you can't book a gas turbine right now 
through 2031. 
When you go to electri’¼üca’┐Įon, it's interes’┐Įng when you talk to u’┐Įlity execu’┐Įves, which we do. I do think it's back 
to a density of power argument, which sort of favorsŌĆö and I think it's going to beŌĆö gas 
and then nuclear some. And that's the electri’¼üca’┐Įon that's going to take place.  
A data center dedicates about 15% to 20% of its square footage to the batery room or the UPS.
20 How long does 
that UPS typically run that data center ’┐Įll the diesel generators kick on? Anywhere from 7 to 15 minutes. That's 
about where batery technology really is as far as density. 
And when we talk to our customers and you think about demand, whether it be a chip manufacturer, a reshoring 
person, and especially the data center people, what they have planned for the next three 
to ’¼üve years to just keep up with demand, both cloud and AI, is stunning as far as the 
power draw that's going to have to happen.  
Nevertheless, the analyst community at large still sees no connection between the N vidia chip-associated 
demand for ever more electric power and the necessity of bounteous volumes of natural gas. That is clearly 
expressed in the Nvidia share price, at 28x next -year earnings , versus ExxonMobil at 15x estimated 
earnings. As quickly as the valuation view of electric power producers was altered, so can it be altered for 
natural gas producers.  
 
20 Uninterruptible Power Supply 
Yup, natural gas.  
Yup, natural gas.  
The low -end 15,000 -a c r e  e s ’┐Į m a t e  f o r  a  2 0 0-MW solar 
installa’┐Įon may be ill-compared to N ew York CityŌĆÖs Central 
P a r k ,  w h i c h  i s  8 4 3  a c r e s .  I t ŌĆÖ s  w e l l  c o m p a r e d  t o  t h e  e n ’┐Į r e  
island of Manhatan, which is 14,545 acres. At 22.8 square 
miles, thatŌĆÖs a strip roughly 2 miles wide by 11 miles long.  
And, yes, even if a datacenter were to draw a plan for a solar-
powered energy plant, it would need a back -up natural gas 
plant. That plant would need to constantly run in the 
background (spinning reserve), so that it could be 
immediately available to account for sunlight intermitency. 
 

----- Page 29 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 29 of 36 
 
Demand in the Global Market     
The U.S. is not the only market for natural gas, of course. In 2016, 
Cheniere was the first company in 40 years approved to export 
liquefied natural gas  overseas. Between 2015 and 2024, LNG 
exports from the U.S. rose from 28 billion cubic feet to 4,367 bcf. 
Cheniere, which exports more than the next three largest 
companies combined and accounts for near 40% of total U.S. 
exports,21 estimates that the global LNG market in the next five 
years will expand at a 6% rate. U.S. natural gas, upon delivery, is 
far cheaper than in Europe and Asia.  
To date, the great majority of LNG shipments has been to Europe, 
but the amount of regasification facilities under construction in 
China means it is preparing to import a great deal more.  
ChinaŌĆÖs and IndiaŌĆÖs natural gas consumption is exceedingly low 
relative to their populations and industrial 
capacity, because they still rely heavily on 
coal. They should be anticipated to 
purchase much  greater quantities in the 
future. No small portion of this needŌĆö
aside from rising per-capita incomeŌĆöwill 
be to enable their own AI datacenter 
expansions. AI buildout has rapidly taken 
on a national security and global 
competitive character.  
These five countries ŌĆöChina, the U.S., 
India, Russia, and JapanŌĆö dwarf all others 
in electricity generation. For example, 
GermanyŌĆÖs total is 5% that of China, and 
one-quarter of IndiaŌĆÖs.  
If ChinaŌĆÖs per-capita electric power produc tion were to equal the U.S. figure, its total production would 
more than double. If Indian per-capita electricity generation were to equal that of the U.S ., its production 
would increase more than tenfold. 
 
 
 
21 https://www.statista.com/statistics/1263943/largest-operational-lng-terminals-by-capacity-us/   
https://www.statista.com/statistics/274528/major-exporting-countries-of-lng/  


----- Page 30 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 30 of 36 
 
The implications for natural gas demand are clear. AI datacen-
ter demand for natural gas, inclusive of the socioeconomic dy-
namics of the worldŌĆÖs two most populous nations, should even-
tually intersect with gas supply. 
Which brings us to the particularly localized form of inflation 
that applies to natural gas. 
 
The Localized Nature of Natural Gas Supply 
Simultaneous with being a global commodity like oil , coal or gold, natural gas is unlike them  in that it is 
also distinctly localized. The others canŌĆövariously ŌĆöbe driven, trucked, pipelined, or trained ; gold can be 
flown. They effectively have 100% domestic distribution reach.  
But natural gas canŌĆÖt always be brought to where itŌĆÖs needed. There are 3 million miles of gas pipeline in 
the U.S., but there do arise new areas of demand or new sources of supply that have insufficient or no 
pipeline access. Gas is too diffuse to transport except via pipeline; it wonŌĆÖt get in a truck. It is exceedingly 
difficult to build a new pipeline, though. The many local interests that oppose such construction can keep a 
proposed project in court for a very long time. ThereŌĆÖs a long list of abandoned projects, even of the billion-
dollar scale. 
This can lead to highly localized supply/demand distortions. There can be a surfeit of natural gas at the well 
head, but a shortage where itŌĆÖs needed: the electricity generation plant. Those who require large quantities 
of new electric power might have to migrateŌĆöpower plant and all ŌĆö to where the gas can be had.  
Another unique limitation of natural gas as a commodity is storage: It takes a lot of room unless liquefied, 
which is too expensive for this purpose, and the storage capacity of U.S. gas tanks is finite. Even the most 
minor supply/demand imbalance can have a dramatic impact. On June 9, 2022, U.S. natural gas futures 
plummeted $1.27/million btu, roughly 15%, when a fire at a Texas LNG producer caused a loss of about 2 
billion cubic feet of export capacity for a few months. That volume, which would have been liquefied, had 
to be stored. This was not even 1/10
th of 1% of national storage capacity.22 But it occurred during the peak 
summer season for filling gas storage tanks. So, inelastic demand for limited supply: price regulates.  
That understanding is now making its way into  a few publications. The accompanying extraordinarily 
condensed excerpts from an article in the Wall Street JournalŌĆösent our way by a Managing Director at a  
large and storied global private wealth manager who happens to know that not all of us read it ŌĆö about a 
newly announced giga-scale datacenter notes the risk to datacenters that were built without considering the 
availability of sufficient sustained power supply.  
 
22 https://www.statista.com/statistics/665806/us-natural-gas-storage-by-region/  
Largest Natural Gas Consumers (2024) 
 (in billion cubic meters) 
United States 902.2 
Russia 477.0 
China 434.4 
Iran 245.4 
Saudi Arabia 121.5 
India  70.3 
 
Source: 2025 Energy Institute Statistical Review 
 of World Energy 

----- Page 31 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 31 of 36 
 
The article also hints that the requisite supply of 
gas should be had on a sufficiently large tract of 
land that is definitely not proximate to any 
population center. One area that can supply both 
needs is West Texas, where this project is being 
built. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Extraordinarily Localized Nature of Water Supply, Part I 
The Journal article doesnŌĆÖt go far enough, though, because this is really a multi-resource staging problem. 
The more limiting factors that a datacenter planner must simultaneously solve for, the fewer the choices of 
location. For instance, t he article does mention water sufficiency, but within the scope of the full article 
only as a tangential reference. It is anything but tangential. In fact, water is likely to be the ultimate limiting 
factor in the AI electric power demand era. 
Supply, again, is the reason. W ater is the worldŌĆÖs scarcest critical 
commodity. In a survival priority list, air is the most critical commodity. 
Everyone knows that. We can tolerate an ŌĆ£air shortageŌĆØ for a matter of a 
few minutes. But air is both free and freely available everywhere around 
us. Water comes next on the survival list; thatŌĆÖs a matter of a few days. We 
do pay for wat er, though so little in this nation that itŌĆÖs often experienced 
as if itŌĆÖs as plentiful as air, so most of us hardly think about it.  
The reality is that over 97% of the worldŌĆÖs water is in the oceans or other 
saline bodies of water. Of the 3% thatŌĆÖs fresh water, 2.5% points are 
unavailable, being fixed in ice, or in the ground or atmosphere. That leaves 
0.5%.
23 In the U.S., the largest user of that 0.5% ŌĆö more than for crop 
 
23 https://www.usbr.gov/mp/arwec/water-facts-ww-water-sup.html  


----- Page 32 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 32 of 36 
 
irrigationŌĆö are electric power plants.24 And those figures are 10 years old, well before even the cloud data-
center power demand era.  
Power plant water use is on a scale as mindbogglingly great as the amount of electricity that Nvidia chips 
draw. The reason is that  they are all thermal plantsŌĆö whether powered by coal, nuclear or natural gasŌĆö
boiling the water to produce the steam to rotate the turbine to turn the generator that makes the electricity. 
An AI datacenterŌĆÖs natural gas power plant will need the same water an electric utility plant does. 
Finding remote land proximate to natural gas is a 
necessary but insufficient resource package for an 
AI datacenter. Water is required, too. Farm coun-
try might seem a good idea, but ground water for 
irrigation is already problematic throughout much 
of the country due to chronic excessive withdraw-
als that have begun to damage aquifers. 
The western Permian Basin (Delaware Basin) has 
a dramatic excess supply of natural gas. This is primarily due to a large amount of ŌĆ£associated gasŌĆØ that is 
produced as a byproduct in oil wells, and exacerbated by inadequate pipeline takeaway capacity. The price 
of gas at the local (Permian) Waha Hub is not infrequently negative (producers pay someone to take their 
gas). The western Permian also sits atop an enormous underground aquifer of non-potable brackish water. 
Distinct from the brackish water, there is water mixed with the hydrocarbons in the rock formations, such 
that drilling activity brings up about four times as much water as oil.  
Logic dictates that datacenter buildout will migrate to where the essential muti-resource package is readily 
available. The size of the profit opportunity in water for incumbent providers and handlers in that region is 
very surprising to the uninitiated. ItŌĆÖs a discussion that wonŌĆÖt be done justice in these last few pages, so Part 
III next quarter will review that phenomenon, both in water and for companies that control or have royalty 
interests in land and water provision (since these are inextricably linked).  
  
 
24 https://www.usgs.gov/mission-areas/water-resources/science/total-water-use  


----- Page 33 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 33 of 36 
 
Not an Oxymoron: Buying Big Economic Market Power in Small-Cap Companies 
Speaking of which, these companies are of a size that excludes them from the indexes (go ahead, 
take a look). By that measure, they already embody financial scarcity value separate from physical resource 
scarcity. A sampling of some in the Permian Basin , as well as others, will give a sense of the diversity of 
opportunities to pre-position portfolios in non-correlated, localized inflation beneficiaries. ItŌĆÖs a group that 
constructively lends itself to fund- based participation, since in conventional market terms it is a motley, 
trading-illiquid crew with virtually no analytical coverage or index inclusion. Which is why weŌĆÖve 
endeavored to create a number of funds around these resource, inflation hedge, and return vectors. 
WaterBridge Infrastructure (WBI), with a stock market value of $3.0 billion,25ŌĆöalthough only about  $1 
billion is tradedŌĆöis the largest water -handling company in the U.S. This all but requires a dominant position 
in the Delaware Basin, the nationŌĆÖs most important and profitable oil-and-gas basin. A demonstration of the 
economic significance of this business, as de minimis as it might seem, is that if water takeaway activity is 
curtailed or stopped, then drilling must be curtailed or stopped, since about four barrels of water come up 
from the well with every oil-equivalent barrel. There must be a place to put it. 
A virtually identical company operating in the same  area, Aris Water Solutions, was acquired two weeks 
ago by a natural gas pipeline company for $1.5 billion. WaterBridgeŌĆÖs 2,500 miles of pipeline have produced 
water handling volumes  of about 2.4 million barrels/day; ArisŌĆÖs water handling volume was 1.2 million 
barrels/day. These volumes will continue to expand, even if oil -and-gas volumes werenŌĆÖt to, because as 
wells either age or go deeper, the proportion of water produced rises. Of course, pricing can rise, too. 
If only a single inference -rich metric of this business were to be offered, a good one would be this: the 
revenue and operating margin in this business, per barrel of water, are about $0.85 and $0.45. This translates 
into a 51% operating marginŌĆöfor a business that has yet to reach operating scale efficiencies.  
Thinking about the extravagant scale of AI datacenter demand, and about the necessary localized electric 
power demand, and the necessary localized natural gas demand, and in turn about the required localized 
water demandŌĆ”and then thinking about somehow get ting exposure to this limiting factor at the end of that 
trillion-dollar chain of demand: 
If WaterBridge were somehow included in the S&P 500, its index weight, if proportional to News 
Corp.ŌĆÖs $15 billion market cap and sub-one-basis point weight at the very bottom of the S&P 500, then 
WaterBridge would have a weight of less than 0.0001 ├Ę 15 = 0.0000067, or 7/10,000
ths of one percent. 
Tejon Ranch is the largest contiguous private property, at 270,000 acres, in California. Located 60 miles 
north of Los Angeles, its largely undeveloped land includes 16 miles of frontage on either side of I -5, 
CaliforniaŌĆÖs primary north-south roadway. The I-5 is the busiest in the nation.26  
Among other operating assets, t he property includes  7 million sq. ft. of  fully leased logistics terminals 
economically proximate to the Port of Los Angeles, and which is readily expandable. This year, residents 
moved into the first of three Tejon Ranch master-planned communities to be  entitled. The company ŌĆÖs 
 
25 As of September 30, 2025. Calculation includes non-traded Cl. B shares  
26 https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policyinformation/tables/02.cfm  


----- Page 34 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 34 of 36 
 
strategy is to invest in getting land entitled for commercial and residential development, enhancing the land 
value with each step in that process.  
Land is not real estate, though it can become real estate. It certainly isnŌĆÖt a REIT, which is a debt-leveraged, 
financialized investment that canŌĆÖt compound adequately versus inflation, since it must issue more debt 
and/or equity in order to fund property acquisitions. If Tejon Ranch is a strategic type of asset, the price for 
it, in market cap, is $430 million. 
LandBridge Company controls a portfolio of 277,000 acres in the ŌĆ£coreŌĆØ of drilling activity in the Permian 
(Delaware) Basin. It was created in October of 2021 to procure land that is requisite for managing water 
infrastructure in that unique locale. Water infrastructure, unlike oil and gas, is not subject to eminent domain 
protections, despite water egress and disposal being an essential aspect of hydrocarbon extraction. This is 
to say, Texas landowners must provide easements (at reasonable rates) to oil and gas infrastructure providers 
to facilitate energy extraction; no such protection is granted to water infrastructure. The result is  surface 
land being a highly strategic but still underappreciated asset in the energy industry.  
The company operates similar to a ŌĆ£triple- netŌĆØ lessor. It incurs minimal expenses (operating and capital) 
related to the development of the land; it is the lesseeŌĆöoh, say ChevronŌĆÖs field operations team  and 
potentially MicrosoftŌĆÖs contracted datacenter builder/manager ŌĆöthat bears that burden. In this way, 
consonant with a royalty business, higher water volumes, market capture and pricing all flow through to 
the shareholders in a capital efficient manner. The land position also facilitates exceptional returns on 
invested capital investment opportunities for water infrastructure developers, adding another growth vector.  
It should be noted that this land is also proximate to var-
ious high-profile data center campus developments and 
is thus well -positioned to benefit from this develop-
mentŌĆöat no incremental cost to the company. Optional -
ity is so prized in the financial markets, and so many  
sophisticated and often probabilistically improbable 
strategies are pursued in its nameŌĆöoptions, futures, lev -
erage, any kind of technology, growth stock investing, 
IPO investing, venture capitalŌĆöthat it one almost hears 
resonant echoes of that old 1980 favorite by Johnny Lee 
[unfairly butchered to suit this venue]: 
San Juan Basin Royalty Trust is a natural gas royalty trust with 119,000 net acres in northwest New 
Mexico. It is relatively unusual as being a pureplay on natural gas, of which there are few. This one, at this 
time, also presents another predictive attribute, a transitory ŌĆ£problemŌĆØ that provides an equity yield curve 
opportunity.  
Unlike a pure royalty, this trust is a ŌĆ£net profit interestŌĆØ that receives payment net of the operator (Hilcorp) 
operating and capital costs. The trust is not obligated to provide capital for these costs, but they are deducted 
from distributions, and in the event of a deficit, accumulated until covered by net cash flows. In practice, 
there is an interest-free capital contribution arrangement. 
Lookin' For Optionality 
Well, I spent a lifetime lookin' for you 
ŌĆ”  
Playin' a fool's game, hopin' to win 
And tellin' those sweet lies and losin' again 
 
I was lookin' for optionality in all the wrong places 
Lookin' in too many faces 
Searchin' their eyes and lookin' for traces (ooh-ooh) 
Of what I'm dreamin' ofŌĆ”  
 

----- Page 35 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 35 of 36 
 
Hilcorp increased the capital investment budget to $34 million in 2024, compared to $4.4 million in 2023, 
likely in response to a high realized gas price of $4.69/mcf in 2023. This did in fact result in a roughly 50% 
production increase, which was confounded by realized gas prices thereafter falling 56%. Accordingly, the 
Trust had amassed a capital deficit of over $20 million by the end of 2024. This resulted in the suspension 
of dividends, and an exodus of yield-oriented investors.  
There are various scenarios based on projected production volumes, capital spending levels and gas prices 
where the distributions will be reinstated and grow to material amounts. The gas reserves and production 
havenŌĆÖt gone anywhere and, if anything, run-rate production will be higher, meaning the essential value of 
the assets is intact. ItŌĆÖs just a matter of waiting for the capital deficit to be erased by ongoing royalties, 
which isŌĆö and this is wonderful investment tool in such instancesŌĆöjust a matter of w aiting. 
Altius Minerals Corp.  receives royalties from two miners that supply one -quarter of global potash and 
three-quarters of U.S. potash needs. Also copper and wind and solar project royalties. ItŌĆÖs stock market 
value is $1.1 billion.  
To repeat an earlier compare-an-contrast observation about pure size vs. undiluted economic participation 
in resource scarcity value: The combined market cap of those two miners  (The Mosaic Company and 
Nutrien Ltd.), sometimes more profitable, sometimes less, is just under $40 billion.  
Mesabi Trust holds a royalty interest on the Northshore (iron ore) Mine in the Mesabi Range in northern 
Minnesota. The mine operator is Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., an integrated iron and steelmaking company. The 
mine produces a specific type of high-grade iron ore that is a critical input material for electric arc furnace 
steelmaking. Cliffs has oriented its domestic growth strategy around electric arc furnaces and is thus highly 
sensitive to producing the requisite feedstock.  
The royalty agreement dates to 1961. The terms have never been in question until recently. Cliffs decided 
that it did not want to pay a royalty related to the ŌĆ£premiumŌĆØ for the high- grade ore. An arbitration panel 
resoundingly agreed with the Trust and awarded $72 million in residual payments in late 2024. However, 
the parties are now back in front of an arbitration panel for a related issue subsequent to the ruling.  
The Cliffs attempt to circumvent the royalty agreement obscures a highly valuable iron royalty stream with 
decades of remainingŌĆöand low cost ŌĆöreserve life. ItŌĆÖs not difficult to calculate the current cash flow yield 
assuming historical mine production levels, current iron prices and the contracted premium. Fortunately, 
few other investors appear to take the time. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

----- Page 36 -----

  
MARKET COMMENTARY    
3rd Quarter 2025   October 2025 
 
┬® 2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« Page | 36 of 36 
 
Important Disclosures 
Past performance is not indicative of future results. The information contained herein is subject to explanation during 
a presentation. 
Any index returns or performance provided in this presentation is provided for illustrative purposes only and does not 
demonstrate actual performance. 
Note that indices are unmanaged and the ’¼ügures shown herein do not re’¼éect any investment management fee or 
transaction costs.  Investors cannot directly invest in an index.  References to market or composite indices or other 
measures of relative market performance (a ŌĆ£BenchmarkŌĆØ) over a speci’¼üc period are provided for your information 
only.  Reference to a Benchmark may not re’¼éect the manner in which a portfolio is constructed in relation to expected 
or achieved returns, portfolio guidelines, correlatio n, concentrations, volatility or tracking error targets, all of which 
are subject to change over time.  
This material references cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin.  Horizon KineticsŌĆÖ subsidiaries manage products that seek 
to provide exposure to bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.  The value of bitcoins is determined by the supply of and 
demand for bitcoins  in the global market for the trading of bitcoins, which consists of transactions on electronic 
bitcoin exchanges (ŌĆ£Bitcoin ExchangesŌĆØ).  Pricing on Bitcoin Exchanges and other venues can be volatile and can 
adversely a’¼Ćect the value of the bitcoin.  Currently, there is relatively small use of bitcoins in the retail and commercial 
marketplace in comparison to the relatively large use of bitcoins by speculators, thus contributing to price volatility 
that could adversely a’¼Ćect a portfolioŌĆÖs direct or indirect investments in bitcoin.  Bitcoin transactions are irrevocable, 
and stolen or incorrectly transferred bitcoins may be irretrievable.  As a result, any incorrectly executed bitcoin 
transactions could adversely a’¼Ćect the value of a portfolioŌĆÖs direct or i ndirect investment in bitcoin.  Only investors 
who can appreciate the risks associated with an investment should invest in cryptocurrencies or products that o’¼Ćer 
cryptocurrency exposure.  As with all investments, investors should consult with their invest ment, legal and tax 
professionals before investing, as you may lose money.  
This is not an o’¼Ćer to sell or a solicitation to invest. Opinions and estimates o’¼Ćered constitute the judgment of Horizon 
Kinetics LLC (ŌĆ£Horizon KineticsŌĆØ) and are subject to change without notice, as are statements of ’¼ünancial market 
trends, which are based on current market conditions. Under no circumstances does the information contained within 
represent a recommendation to buy, hold or sell any security, and it should not be assumed that the securities 
transactions or holdings discussed were or will prove to be pro’¼ütable.   
The Adviser and its management persons have relationships or arrangements that may be material to the AdviserŌĆÖs 
advisory business or to investors in the products and accounts managed by the Adviser and that present potential or 
actual con’¼éicts of interest .  Murray Stahl is a member of the Board of Directors of Texas Paci’¼üc Land Corporation 
(ŌĆ£TPLŌĆØ) and Miami International Holdings (ŌĆ£MIAXŌĆØ), both of which are holdings in certain client accounts and funds 
managed by Horizon Kinetics Asset Management LLC (ŌĆ£HKAMŌĆØ). O’¼ācers, directors and employees may also hold 
substantial amounts of TPL and MIAX, both directly and indirectly, in their personal accounts. HKAM seeks to address 
potential con’¼éicts of interest through the adoption of various policies and procedures,  which include both electronic 
and physical safeguards. Additionally, Mr. Stahl does not exercise investment discretion over either TPL or MIAX.  All 
personal and proprietary trading is subject to HKAMŌĆÖs Code of Ethics and is monitored by the ’¼ürmŌĆÖs Legal and 
Compliance Department. 
Subsidiaries of Horizon Kinetics LLC manage separate accounts and pooled products that may hold certain of the 
individual securities mentioned herein. For more information on Horizon Kinetics, you may visit our website at 
www.horizonkinetics.com.  The Core Value and Small Cap separate account strategies are managed by Horizon Asset 
Management LLC.   
Not all investors will experience the same holdings, returns or weightings as the corresponding composite.  No part 
of the research analystsŌĆÖ compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the speci’¼üc 
recommendations or views expressed by the research analysts in this report. 
No part of this material may be copied, photocopied, or duplicated in any form, by any means, or redistributed without 
Horizon KineticsŌĆÖ prior written consent.  
┬®2025 Horizon Kinetics LLC ┬« All rights reserved. 
 