

----- Page 1 -----

February 29, 2024 www.valueinvestorinsight.com Value Investor Insight  
T
he news is mixed for investors who 
base their strategies on taking a 
longer-term view than others, says 
Murray Stahl, co-founder of $6.5 billion 
(assets) Horizon Kinetics. The plus: ever-
shrinking time horizons mean companies 
where the future is much brighter than the 
present are increasingly mispriced. The 
minus: “The investment world is less pa-
tient than it has ever been," he says, "so 
the unpleasantness often associated with 
the wait has also increased.”
Stahl’s long-view investing has stood 
the test of time. His Kinetics Paradigm 
Fund has since 2000 earned a net annu-
alized 9.9%, vs. 7.1% for the S&P 500 
Index. Focused as always on the unloved 
and ignored, he sees mispriced value today 
in such areas as energy royalties, iron ore, 
defense contracting and investment hold-
ing companies. 
You have from the beginning described 
your firm as dedicated to “long horizon” 
investing. Describe the underlying ratio-
nale for that.
Murray Stahl: Our fundamental premise is 
that investors by and large have an over -
whelming need to achieve short-term and 
relative-return-based results, which often 
means that rewarding events and out-
comes – even if visible and of large mag-
nitude – have little utility to the average 
manager if they’re expected to occur three 
to five years in the future. Outperformance 
over the next year – often driven by rapid 
sales growth and exciting new products 
– is highly valued, while outperformance 
further into the future is highly discount-
ed. We’re trying to exploit the pricing inef-
ficiencies that can result from that, which 
drives us toward less researched and less 
frequently trafficked investments.
It's important to have historical per -
spective. I have this hobby where I like to 
read old newspapers. At any given time 
there are a lot of things that at that mo-
ment seem very important and deserve to 
be on the front page, but with the benefit 
of hindsight you see that a lot of those 
things that were supposedly very impor -
tant don’t turn out to be important at all. 
One way we try to distinguish ourselves 
as investors is by discriminating better 
between short-term noise and long-term 
truth. That can be uncomfortable when 
no one seems to care about the long-term 
truth, but we think that approach gives us 
the best chance to outperform over time. 
Having an extended time horizon allows 
us to remain calm in times of volatility 
and to participate in the types of distressed 
opportunities where we believe significant 
wealth can be created.
How does your process drive you to less 
researched and less frequently trafficked 
investments? 
MS: We talk a lot about looking for what 
we call "predictive attributes" of a se-
curity or sector, which are qualities that 
we believe based on experience and evi-
dence are suggestive of rewarding future 
returns. These attributes include compa-
nies that are owner-operated, which may 
have somewhat limited float. They include 
companies with hidden or dormant assets, 
which likely are not currently producing at 
the rate they eventually will. They include 
spinoffs, which for a variety of reasons are 
persistently underfollowed by Wall Street 
and are often rejected out-of-hand from 
various portfolios.
Perhaps the most obvious predictive 
attribute is undervaluation. One aspect 
of looking where others aren’t is simply 
focusing on inexpensively priced stocks 
that appear cheap relative to a relevant 
measure of their worth. Obviously some 
stocks deserve to be inexpensively priced, 
but cheapness can also just be a reflection 
that fewer people care and no one is pay-
ing attention. We always think it's bet-
ter to invest in areas where you have less 
competition.
The last thing I’d mention is the impact 
of indexation. We pay disproportionate 
attention to companies that largely reside 
outside of the passive indexes. If a com-
pany is well represented in the universe 
of indexation, it is more likely to be ef-
ficiently priced, or overpriced. If it’s not 
Worth the Time 
Murray Stahl of Horizon Kinetics describes how his strategy and process drive him toward “less-researched and less 
frequently trafficked investments,” his current provocative views on China and the Magnificent Seven, why he remains a 
long-term bull on bitcoin, and what he thinks the market is missing in PrairieSky, Mesabi Trust, CACI, and Urbana Corp.
Valu eInvestor
INSIGHT
February 29, 2024
The Leading Authority on Value Investing
INVESTOR INSIGHT
Murray Stahl 
Horizon Kinetics
Investment Focus: Seeks to capitalize on 
excessive discounts given to even “reward-
ing events and outcomes” expected to oc-
cur outside investors' short time horizons.


----- Page 2 -----

February 29, 2024 www.valueinvestorinsight.com Value Investor Insight  
INVESTOR INSIGHT: Murray Stahl
well represented, that will at least offer an 
interesting starting point for us. 
To get a sense of the types of ideas that at-
tract you, describe a relatively recent port-
folio addition. 
MS: The share price is starting to run 
away from us a bit, but over the past few 
months we established a position in Eagle 
Materials [EXP], a cement company I’ve 
followed for 20 years since it was spun 
off by the homebuilder Centex. This is the 
type of business we like, often with de-
facto monopoly positions in local markets 
due to the extremely high cost of trans-
porting cement. That gives Eagle Materi-
als pricing power, and since the company 
is no longer in capital-expansion mode 
there’s lots of cash flow, which they’re 
now using largely to repurchase shares. 
The stock was trading quite cheaply at 
11-12x earnings as everyone was worried 
about the onset of an economic downturn, 
so we took advantage of the opportunity 
to accumulate shares.
It’s hard for us to imagine a world 
ten years from now where cement isn’t 
as highly demanded as it is today. If you 
own a quasi-monopoly franchise in such 
a business, you’re likely as a shareholder 
going to earn a pretty good return. Long 
product lifecycles for us are really quite 
desirable. [Note: Below $150 in Septem-
ber of last year, EXP shares currently trade 
at just under $251.]
Are we right assuming you don’t own any 
of the Magnificent Seven?
MS: That’s true. I don’t want to take any-
thing away from the success these com-
panies have had over the last many years, 
but that level of success always invites a 
competitive challenge. People who own 
the stocks will explain to you why that’s 
not an issue for these companies and that 
because of the nature of their competitive 
advantages things will be different this 
time. I don’t agree.
It has declined somewhat from its peak, 
but Nvidia’s market capitalization very re-
cently at $1.9 trillion was nearly 2x the 
entire market value of the energy compa-
nies in the S&P 500 index, even though 
those companies have almost 5x the net 
income that Nvidia has. Couple that with 
the fact that while we think a decade from 
now we can predict the extent to which 
hydrocarbons are going to be used, we’d 
have a hard time predicting six months 
in the future the extent to which Nvidia 
chips are going to be in demand. That’s 
how we look at the world in a way that 
may differ from others who are willing to 
pay 30x revenue for Nvidia's stock.
I'd also mention that Nvidia, for ex-
ample, is held by more than 630 ETFs, 
including single-stock versions that use 
leverage and a number of which that have 
very high daily trading volume. All this 
ETF trading might simply be the manifes-
tation of an efficient market in action. Of 
course, it could also be pure speculative 
activity, not very different from the behav-
ior at a casino.
Something I don’t think is discussed 
as much as it should be is the emergence 
of China as a major technological and in-
dustrial power. This is an incredible sta-
tistic, but 50% of all the engineers in the 
world are Chinese, and that percentage 
is growing. Chinese companies are go-
ing to rise and challenge the Magnificent 
Seven and it’s already happening. Huawei 
makes a smartphone that’s an equal of the 
iPhone 15, and it’s gaining considerable 
market share in China, where Apple de-
rives 19% of its sales. That will become 
an even bigger challenge to Apple when 
Huawei builds adequate capacity and can 
start selling its latest phones more broadly 
around the world. 
BYD is arguably the leading competi-
tive threat to Tesla in electric vehicles. Tik-
Tok is arguably the leading competitive 
threat to Alphabet in online advertising. 
That’s three of the Magnificent Seven right 
there and I believe each one of the oth-
ers will be comparably challenged. Com-
panies like these can’t maintain 40% net 
after-tax profit margins against legitimate 
competition that might be happy with 
one-tenth of that. It’s just not going to stay 
the way it is. 
I would make the case more broadly. 
China’s rise until very recently has been a 
good thing for U.S. equity markets. Ameri-
can companies were able to outsource a 
lot of low-margin, capital-intensive func-
tions to China, with the result that profit 
margins and returns on capital for S&P 
500 firms have by and large increased 
materially over the last 20 to 25 years. 
Outsourcing labor and manufacturing to 
China has been a wonderful positive for 
most companies.
A very natural development is that 
these Chinese companies would like to 
go beyond their low-margin businesses to 
higher-margin businesses. I would argue 
that China is to the U.S. what Germany 
was to Great Britain at the end of the 19th 
century. In the 1870s Great Britain didn’t 
see Germany as a rising industrial power. 
But by the end of the century it had be-
come an unstoppable competitive threat. 
There’s a lot of discussion about the geo-
political issues around China, rightly so, 
but the competitive economic issues I’m 
talking about don’t seem to get much at-
tention. I think that’s a mistake. 
By the way, if I’m right about Chinese 
companies’ rising competitiveness, it chal-
lenges some of the received wisdom that 
general passive indexes are by far the supe-
rior way to invest. The world has accepted 
the efficient markets hypothesis. Money 
just goes into indexes and the indexes are 
programed to buy the stocks in the index, 
which in many cases are dominated by the 
Magnificent Seven. The compelling argu-
ment for indexation is that you can elimi-
nate security-specific risk – you don’t have 
to choose between Amazon and Walmart, 
just buy the index and everyone’s in there 
so you’re just left with market risk. But 
what if the biggest competitors aren’t in 
ON IDEA PROSPECTING:
If a company is well represent-
ed in the universe of index-
ation, it is also more likely to 
be efficiently priced. 

----- Page 3 -----

February 29, 2024 www.valueinvestorinsight.com Value Investor Insight  
the index. You’re not just left with market 
risk and security-specific risk goes up if 
you’re only investing in U.S. or U.S.-cen-
tric companies.
How does your long-horizon approach 
typically translate into how you manage 
your portfolios?
MS: The annual turnover in most of our 
equity portfolios over time has been ap-
proximately 20% to 25%, which implies 
a four to five year average holding peri-
od. It obviously can be more or less, but 
that seems about right for the amount of 
time we expect it will take for our view 
of the future to fully come to pass. A lot 
of things influence the short-term results 
of corporations and we should try not to 
lose sight of the long-term potential in a 
well-managed company – you have to give 
your investments time to work out. A buy-
and-hold strategy minimizes the impact of 
taxes – the largest single cause of wealth 
erosion – and an extended holding period 
facilitates the capture and compounding 
of returns.
Are you more susceptible with this ap-
proach to overstaying your welcome in 
ideas that don’t work out?
MS: I wouldn’t say that. While what-
ever it is we’re betting on may take five 
or more years to fully come to pass, we 
generally have an indication in a year or 
two if things are moving in the right direc-
tion. I usually am not quick to give up if 
that’s not the case, but I’ve learned to fight 
that instinct and admit before too much 
damage has been done that things are not 
developing as I thought they would and I 
should move on. 
It certainly happens that ideas play out 
more slowly than I expected. In these in-
stances it’s typically the case that the mag-
nitude of the upside is high enough that 
it’s not at all a mistake if what I thought 
would play out fully in five years ends up 
taking seven or eight.
For ideas that are working, we try 
not to trade around them simply because 
they’ve become overweight relative to 
some dynamic portfolio-management 
model. We think our time is better spent 
on fundamental equity analysis than in 
trying to capture some sort of trading 
edge. We actually welcome allowing our 
best performing securities to increase in 
weight and don’t want to truncate a posi-
tion’s excess relative performance by over-
ly frequent rebalancing.
Describe a position you did sell recently 
and why.
MS: We didn’t lose money on it, but I con-
cluded not long ago that our investment 
in Boeing [BA] wasn’t what we thought 
it could be. Our expectation was that the 
design and manufacturing problems the 
company was having on the commercial-
aviation side of the business were fixable 
and that it would take roughly two years 
to put those behind them. But it’s not tak-
ing two years and other problems keep oc-
curring. I fault myself for not fully under -
standing the magnitude of the issues, and 
that resolving them is a more involved, 
complicated and expensive process than I 
originally assumed.
I would also mention the competitive 
threat here as well from China. I’ve long 
assumed the commercial airline industry 
will remain largely a duopoly between 
Boeing and Airbus. That is still true, but it 
may not be long before it’s no longer true. 
The C919 passenger jet manufactured 
by the state-owned Commercial Aircraft 
Corp. of China made its first commercial 
flight last May, contradicting those who 
assumed China didn’t have the technologi-
cal expertise to make a commercially vi-
able passenger jetliner. Over the very long 
run my investment thesis had changed, 
and with all of the other issues at Boeing 
I thought discretion was the better part of 
valor and sold the stock.
PrairieSky Royalty [Toronto: PSK] would 
seem a perfect example of one of your 
long-term plays. Describe what you think 
the market is missing in it.
MS: I mentioned earlier that one predic-
tive attribute we like is dormant assets 
that are not currently producing much or 
any revenues. Because they don’t manifest 
themselves on the income statement, such 
assets may be accorded little or no value 
in the stock price, but they actually might 
have substantial value. PrairieSky is an ex-
cellent example of that.
The company is a pure-play royalty 
company that generates revenues from 
hydrocarbons produced on more than 18 
million acres of land in western Canada 
on which they own the royalty rights in 
perpetuity. The history here is quite inter-
esting. Believe it or not, towards the end 
of the 19th century there was a faction in 
the United States Congress that thought 
America should just conquer Canada. The 
British government took it seriously and 
one response was to build a transconti-
nental railroad in Canada, which wasn’t a 
great economic proposition so they had to 
offer large land grants as an inducement 
to the builders of the railroad. The rights 
have passed from entity to entity over 
time, eventually resulting in what today is 
PrairieSky. 
Does your interest here say something 
about your long-term view on fossil-fuel 
demand?
MS: For some reason the world believes 
solar panels and wind energy are going 
to replace fossil fuels. I think that would 
be great, but the issue is that producing 
capacity for these kinds of alternative en-
ergy sources is expensive, takes a very long 
time and, by the way, also requires a lot of 
energy to build. You may not know this, 
but 2023 was the record year globally for 
the use of coal. I don’t believe lack of de-
mand for hydrocarbons will in any way 
threaten our thesis for PrairieSky.
INVESTOR INSIGHT: Murray Stahl
ON RISKS:
The emergence of China as a 
technological and industrial 
power is still not discussed as 
much as it should be. 

----- Page 4 -----

February 29, 2024 www.valueinvestorinsight.com Value Investor Insight  
Why is a royalty company a good way to 
play this?
MS: Third-party operators do all the ex-
ploration and drilling and pay lease-rental 
and royalty fees to PrairieSky. That means 
the company can have a minimal expense 
structure and earn free cash flow margins 
pushing 80%. Management by choice fol-
lows a long-term antidilutive capital al-
location strategy that consists of paying 
a reasonable dividend, now 4%, investing 
in additional properties, and buying back 
shares. Over ten years since the company 
went public its market value has more 
than doubled, you’ve earned a healthy 
dividend and the land content per share 
has grown by 7-8% per year. We think 
that model has a long way to run.
Is that basically how you’re looking at up-
side from today’s share price of C$24.25?
MS: In very simple terms, if you assume 
long-term average increases in the price 
of oil and natural gas of around 4% per 
year, a 4% average annual dividend and a 
consistent moderate reduction in the share 
count, we’re expecting a low-double-digit 
annual rate of return over time. If you get 
increased development with no capital ex-
penditure to PrairieSky, the rate of return 
would be significantly higher. The time 
frame around that is very difficult to pre-
dict, but at the end of the day Canada will 
need the money and Asia will need the oil 
and gas. That should require a lot of new 
development of the company’s reserves.
Sticking with a not dissimilar idea, explain 
why you’re high on the investment pros-
pects for Mesabi Trust [MSB].
MS: The trust was established in 1961 to 
collect royalties on a mine in Silver Bay, 
Minnesota that is currently operated by 
Cleveland-Cliffs [CLF] and that produces 
about four million tons of iron ore per 
year. If you read the annual report from 
25 years ago you’d see that Mesabi at the 
time owned royalty rights to a little over 
500 million tons of iron-ore reserves. Pro-
duction has been relatively stable, so at 
four million per year over 25 years you 
would expect reserves now to be around 
400 million tons. But the actual number 
is 800 million tons. Through better tech-
nology and capital investment in the mine 
– which Mesabi doesn’t pay for – you can 
expose more ore that can be profitably ex-
tracted. Reserves and the net asset value 
have gone up with zero capital expendi-
ture. How is that not a great deal?
The compounding math here is compel-
ling. Some years the price goes up, some 
years it goes down and some years it stays 
the same, but over the last quarter-century 
the price of iron ore on average has in-
creased something close to 10% per year. 
People don’t often look at the long-term 
annualized rate of change in commodity 
prices this way, but they go up in price for 
the simple reason that it costs more to ex-
tract them over time. 
The company doesn’t buy back shares, 
but the dividend yield is higher than at 
PrairieSky, currently almost 8%. As a 
Mesabi shareholder you earn a revenue 
royalty that should over time grow in 
line with the price of the underlying com-
modity, while also pocketing the dividend. 
This dynamic should make for an excel-
lent long-term investment. I don’t have to 
INVESTOR INSIGHT: Murray Stahl
PrairieSky Royalty            
(Toronto: PSK)
Business: Collects royalties on the sale of oil 
and natural gas produced on the company's 
18.3 million acres owned in Canada from 
British Columbia to Western Manitoba.                                
Share Information 
(@2/28/24, Exchange Rate: $1 = C$1.36):
Price C$24.24
52-Week Range C$19.55 – C$26.90
Dividend Yield 4.1%
Market Cap C$5.79 billion
Financials (TTM):
Revenue    C$479.6 million
Operating Profit Margin 74.1%
Net Profit Margin 47.5%
Valuation Metrics
(@2/28/24):
 PSK S&P 500
P/E (TTM) 25.5 23.0 
Forward P/E (Est.) 19.4    21.2
Largest Institutional Owners
(@12/31/23 or latest filing):
Company  % Owned
RBC Global Asset Mgmt           12.9%
EdgePoint Inv  12.3%
Fidelity Mgmt & Research           10.2%
M&G Inv Mgmt   4.3%
Canoe Financial   3.9%
Short Interest (as of 2/15/24):
Shares Short/Float  n/a
INVESTMENT SNAPSHOT
THE BOTTOM LINE
From existing production levels on its oil and gas reserves Murray Stahl expects the 
company to translate its high-margin royalty revenues into at least a low-double-digit 
annual shareholder return over time. With added development of its vast now-dormant 
assets to meet future demand, he says, the rate of return would be significantly higher.    
Sources: S&P Capital IQ, company reports, other publicly available information
PSK PRICE HISTORY
10
15
20
25
30
10
15
20
25
30
202420232022

----- Page 5 -----

February 29, 2024 www.valueinvestorinsight.com Value Investor Insight  
worry about short-term variation in the 
price of iron ore.
The last time we heard about Mesabi [VII, 
April 30, 2022] there was a material spat 
in process between Mesabi and Cleveland-
Cliffs. Has that been resolved?
MS: The dispute revolved around a price 
premium Cleveland-Cliffs had to pay to 
Mesabi due to the high quality of the ore 
in the Silver Bay mine. Why should the 
operator pay a higher price for that iron 
ore than it would pay to buy from another 
mine? The answer is, that’s what the con-
tract says and you have to abide by it. 
Cleveland-Cliffs went on a buying 
strike for about a year, but I was confident 
the mine would reopen and production 
would return, which is what happened. 
It is actually high-quality iron ore that is 
needed to produce high-quality steel, and 
Cleveland-Cliffs can’t replace the produc-
tion. There may still be some lingering ef-
fects on production levels from the mine 
closing and having to re-hire workers, but 
we don’t see that as an ongoing issue.
As with PrairieSky, from today’s share 
price of around $17.25 do you see this 
as a healthy compounder from long-term 
royalty growth plus the dividend?
MS: Yes, it’s the same basic idea. You’ve 
got what we believe is a built-in double-
digit return, with incremental long-term 
upside as the reserve base continues to ex-
pand. This would not be something new 
– what I’m describing in terms of returns 
is indeed what has happened in this case 
over many years.
From commodity royalties to defending 
national security, describe your investment 
case today for CACI International [CACI].
MS: This is one of the leading federal elec-
tronics contractors, whose forte broadly 
speaking is data analysis that informs a 
wide variety of government policies and 
programs, a significant percentage of 
which are related to defense and nation-
al security. The company’s assets are not 
physical, but consist primarily of human 
capital in the form of PhDs and engineers 
with high levels of government security 
clearance, which is a real competitive 
advantage. Some 95% of total revenues 
come from the U.S. government and cus-
tomer relationships tend to be quite sticky. 
These are not the types of projects you 
want to restart on a regular basis with a 
new service provider.
The world of defense is changing, with 
incremental spending over time going to 
information capture and analysis that al-
lows better and more timely intelligence 
and the ability to more specifically identify 
and target threats. That is broadly speak-
ing what CACI does and it benefits from 
the disproportionately higher spending 
on such programs year in and year out. 
There’s every reason to believe that under-
lying secular growth will continue.
We’re guessing there’s not a lot of trans-
parency around specific projects, but can 
you describe in a bit more detail the types 
of things they do?
MS: One key area is in building, organiz-
ing, maintaining and analyzing databases 
that are meant to anticipate and respond 
INVESTOR INSIGHT: Murray Stahl
Mesabi Trust
(NYSE: MSB)
Business: Royalty trust that derives income 
from the production and sale of iron ore at 
the Peter Mitchell mine in Minnesota that is 
operated by a subsidiary of Cleveland-Cliffs. 
Share Information (@2/28/24):
Price 17.29
52-Week Range 17.02 – 28.99
Dividend Yield  7.9%
Market Cap  $226.8 million
Financials (TTM):
Revenue $9.65 million
Operating Profit Margin 71.1%
Net Profit Margin 70.2%
Valuation Metrics
(@2/28/24):
 MSB S&P 500
P/E (TTM) 20.1 23.0 
Forward P/E (Est.) n/a 21.2
Largest Institutional Owners
(@12/31/23 or latest filing):
Company  % Owned
Horizon Kinetics  22.3%
ValueWorks   6.1%
Beddow Capital Mgmt   3.5%
MRM-Horizon Adv   2.0%
Moors & Cabot   1.8%
Short Interest (as of 2/15/24):
Shares Short/Float  2.4%
INVESTMENT SNAPSHOT
THE BOTTOM LINE
With long-lived reserves of high-quality iron ore on which it earns production-driven 
royalties, Murray Stahl believes the company can continue to generate a "built-in double-
digit return" for shareholders. If history is a guide, that return will be enhanced as 
technology and the capital spending of others expands the reserve base over time as well. 
Sources: S&P Capital IQ, company reports, other publicly available information
MSB PRICE HISTORY
15
20
25
30
35
40
15
20
25
30
35
40
202420232022

----- Page 6 -----

February 29, 2024 www.valueinvestorinsight.com Value Investor Insight  
to national security threats. It could be 
tracking where specific people are or 
matching a photo to an identity. It could 
be interpreting a satellite image that in-
dicates that a nuclear submarine is being 
built. Increasingly, it could mean monitor-
ing dark web activity to identify, target 
and track bad actors who use cryptocur -
rencies to conduct their business. These 
are among the highest priority items the 
government buys and money will continue 
to be spent on it. Adversaries are building 
the same systems and the level of threat 
only seems to stay the same or get worse.
Are there analytical issues in following a 
company like this?
MS: What you can know is when they get 
a contract reward, with very general terms 
about what it’s for. You can see how much 
of the U.S. defense budget is allocated to 
this general field, which goes up every year. 
CACI also reports backlog numbers every 
quarter that are shockingly big – in the lat-
est report the backlog was $26.9 billion 
and the funded backlog was up 16% to 
$3.7 billion – and in our experience those 
numbers have proven pretty accurate.
How are you looking at valuation from to-
day’s share price of around $372?
MS: I’ve been following the stock since 
1982 and most years it’s somewhere near 
an all-time high. This is a unique com-
pounder type of business I hope I never 
have to sell. It never really trades at a low 
valuation, but it also doesn’t trade at a 
high valuation where growth expectations 
go too far. As a result, we expect to earn 
something similar to the low-double-digit 
rate at which earnings have compounded 
over a very long time. 
Now for something even more off the beat-
en path, explain what’s behind your inter-
est in Urbana Corp. [Toronto: URB.A].
MS: I put this in the predictive-attribute 
category of bits and pieces, where for any 
number of reasons the market is not ac-
curately valuing disparate pieces of the 
business, resulting in the undervaluation 
of the whole.  
This is a Canadian closed-end fund. 
Roughly 40% of the portfolio is in public 
securities you’ve mostly heard of – the top 
three public holdings are Morgan Stan-
ley [MS], Cboe Global Markets [CBOE] 
and KKR [KKR] – and the rest are private 
companies. I first got interested in it when 
I learned Urbana had a number of posi-
tions – on both sides of the portfolio – in 
exchanges, which I’m quite intrigued with. 
In addition to Cboe on the public side 
they own shares in Intercontinental Ex-
change [ICE]. On the private side there 
are a number of what we think are very 
compelling investments. Blue Ocean Tech-
nologies provides a technology platform 
used for after-hours trading and last year 
sold a 5% stake to the Tokyo Stock Ex-
change. Miami International Holdings, or 
Miax, started out as the Miami Options 
Exchange and now operates a number of 
electronic options and futures exchanges 
around the world. The marginal cost of 
adding more volume is quite low, so incre-
mental revenue as it expands falls largely 
to the bottom line. Urbana has also had a 
successful investment in a grain processing 
company called Integrated Grain Proces-
INVESTOR INSIGHT:  Murray Stahl
CACI International
(NYSE: CACI)
Business: Provides information systems and 
services for national security and govern-
ment modernization programs to intelligence, 
defense and federal civilian customers. 
Share Information (@2/28/24):
Price 372.08
52-Week Range 275.79 – 373.46
Dividend Yield 0.0%
Market Cap $8.29 billion
Financials (TTM):
Revenue $7.13 billion
Operating Profit Margin 7.3%
Net Profit Margin 5.3%
Valuation Metrics
(@2/28/24):
 CACI S&P 500
P/E (TTM) 22.5 23.0 
Forward P/E (Est.) 16.6 21.2
Largest Institutional Owners
(@12/31/23 or latest filing):
Company  % Owned
Vanguard Group  10.1%
BlackRock   9.4%
Eaton Vance   6.5%
Fidelity Mgmt & Research   5.9%
BNY Mellon Asset Mgmt   3.0%
Short Interest (as of 2/15/24):
Shares Short/Float  1.3%
INVESTMENT SNAPSHOT
THE BOTTOM LINE
The company's difficult-to-replicate expertise in sophisticated intelligence gathering and 
data analysis make it well positioned to benefit as federal spending on such projects 
disproportionately increases year in and year out, says Murray Stahl. Which explains 
why he considers it "a unique compounder type of business I hope I never have to sell."
Sources: S&P Capital IQ, company reports, other publicly available information
CACI PRICE HISTORY
200
250
300
350
400
200
250
300
350
400
202420232022

----- Page 7 -----

February 29, 2024 www.valueinvestorinsight.com Value Investor Insight  
sors, which saw its business take off when 
Canada deregulated its grain markets.
How undervalued do you consider the 
company’s A shares at today’s price of 
around C$4.70?
MS: Management, which has an excellent 
track record, regularly updates its estimate 
of net asset value for the entire portfolio. 
That number published in the past week 
was C$9.84, so the current share price is 
at a more than 50% discount to NAV. You 
might say the NAV estimate is overly op-
timistic, but as we go through the private 
holdings we don’t think that is at all the 
case and expect the current valuations to 
generally prove conservative. Give or take, 
the shares trade as if the private invest-
ments are worthless.
The reason this trades at such a high 
discount is likely that the true asset val-
ues are probably not going to be realized 
soon. That doesn’t concern me. I’ve owned 
this for years and it’s produced an excel-
lent annualized return through growth in 
net asset value, but it’s still at a 50% NAV 
discount. I want to get at least a double-
digit annual return – I don’t think I’ll have 
any trouble getting that here by paying 
50 cents on the dollar for a well-managed 
public and private-security portfolio that 
should appreciate nicely over time.
You have been one of the very few pro-
ponents of cryptocurrencies in the value-
investor community, making the case to us 
five years ago for bitcoin, for example, as 
an increasingly viable store of value [VII, 
November 30, 2018]. The price of bitcoin 
since then is up roughly ten-fold. Are you 
still bullish today?
MS: The investment case is still very much 
the same. Like gold – with advantages over 
gold – I believe bitcoin provides legitimate 
protection against debasing fiat curren-
cies, and it’s both unalterable and un-seiz-
able by the authorities. Unlike gold, it has 
a fixed supply that is detailed in the system 
protocol, which is the set of rules that gov-
ern its creation and functioning. You can’t 
create more bitcoin beyond what’s clearly 
laid out in the system guidelines.
The market for bitcoin is certainly 
more in its infancy than the market for 
gold, but I don’t think most investors un-
derstand that it has a self-equilibrating dy-
namic. There is a cost to mine it and the 
market price ultimately reflects that cost 
plus a margin that incents people to mine. 
If the price is lower than the cost to mine, 
nobody will do it. What’s different about 
bitcoin is that the protocol is designed 
to constantly make it more expensive to 
mine, which explains why the price of bit-
coin over time will go up. I’ll grant that 
there have been excesses in a nascent mar-
ket, but the price on a normalized basis is 
tied to the cost to produce it. It’s not just a 
bunch of crazy people bidding up the price 
like on a pet rock.
What’s your preferred vehicle today for in-
vesting in bitcoin?
MS: The easiest way for us to hold it in 
client accounts has been through the 
Grayscale Bitcoin Trust [GBTC] and other 
available ETF alternatives. I would also 
mention that I with some partners have 
our own cryptocurrency mining company 
called Consensus Mining. Right now it’s a 
INVESTOR INSIGHT:  Murray Stahl
Urbana Corp.            
(Toronto: URB.A)
Business: Investment holding company with 
assets roughly evenly split between public 
and private companies; top public holdings 
are Morgan Stanley, Cboe Global and KKR.                                
Share Information 
(@2/28/24, Exchange Rate: $1 = C$1.36):
Price C$4.72
52-Week Range C$3.51 – C$4.75
Dividend Yield  2.3%
Market Cap  C$200.8 million
Financials (TTM):
Revenue C$97.5 million
Operating Profit Margin 96.1%
Net Profit Margin 77.2%
Valuation Metrics
(@2/28/24):
 URB.A S&P 500
P/E (TTM) 2.9 23.0 
Price/Book Value 0.6    n/a
Largest Institutional Owners
(@12/31/23 or latest filing):
Company  % Owned
Thomas Scott Caldwell          12.2%
Horizon Kinetics   9.7%
EdgePoint Inv   8.4%
Royce & Assoc   0.6%
AllianceBernstein   0.1%
Short Interest (as of 2/15/24):
Shares Short/Float  n/a
INVESTMENT SNAPSHOT
THE BOTTOM LINE
This is a “bits and pieces” idea, says Murray Stahl, where for any number of reasons the 
market is not accurately valuing the disparate assets. While the timing may be difficult to 
predict, he believes the shares priced today at less than 50% of a conservative estimate 
of the underlying net asset value will easily generate a 10%-plus annual return over time. 
Sources: S&P Capital IQ, company reports, other publicly available information
URB.A PRICE HISTORY
2
3
4
5
6
2
3
4
5
6
202420232022

----- Page 8 -----

February 29, 2024 www.valueinvestorinsight.com Value Investor Insight  
private company, but we hope one day to 
take it public, providing an additional way 
for investors to participate in the market.
Always good to learn new things, no?
MS: I think so. It may not always be suc-
cessful, but who wants to ever stop trying 
to learn new things?  VII   
INVESTOR INSIGHT:  Murray Stahl

----- Page 9 -----

 
Important Risk Disclosures 
 
Horizon Kinetics Asset Management LLC (“HKAM”) is a registered investment adviser that manages a variety of 
investment products.  Additional information about HKAM is also available on the SEC’s website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov.      
 
Past performance is not a guarantee of future returns and investments may lose money.  Opinions and estimates 
offered constitute the judgment of the speaker as of the date made and are subject to  change without notice, as are 
statements of financial market trends, which are based on current market conditions.   
 
Certain of the securities referenced herein are held in accounts and funds managed by HKAM.  Additionally, the 
principals and employees of HKAM may hold the names referenced in their personal accounts.  There is no guarantee 
that the performance of any such securities will appreciate, all investors are urged to discuss invest ment decisions 
with their financial adviser.  
 
The information herein should not be used as a general guide to investing or as a source of any specific investment 
recommendations.  This material makes no implied or expressed recommendations concerning the way an account 
should or would be handled, as appropriate investment strategies depend on specific investment goals of investors.  
 
This is not an offer or solicitation to any person in any jurisdiction in which such action is not authorized or to any 
person to whom it would be unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.  Horizon Kinetics does not provide tax or 
legal advice to its clients and all investors are strongly urged to consult their tax and legal advisors regarding any 
potential strategy or investment.   
 
Murray Stahl is a member of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Texas Pacific Land Corporation (“TPL”), a large 
holding in certain client accounts and funds, including Kinetics Mutual Funds, which are managed by Horizon Kinetics 
Asset Management LLC (“HKAM”). Officers, directors and employees of HKAM may also hold substantial amounts of 
TPL, both directly and indirectly, in their personal accounts. HKAM seeks to address potential conflicts of interest 
through the adoption of various policies a nd procedures, which include both electronic and physical safeguards. All 
personal and proprietary trading is also subject to HKAM’s Code of Ethics and is monitored by the firm’s Legal and 
Compliance Department. As a result of Murray Stahl being on the Board of TPL, he does not have any trading authority 
over shares of TPL. All trading decisions for TPL in Murray Stahl’s personal accounts and in client accounts and funds 
where he remains a portfolio manager has been delegated to another portfolio manager. 
 
No part of this material may be copied, photocopied, or duplicated in any form, by any means, or redistributed 
without the express written consent. 
 
