 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  1 
 
 
 
          
 
QUIDEL SECOND QUARTER 2016  
CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT 
 Wednesday, July 27, 2016  
2:00 p.m. PT/ 5:00 p.m. ET 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OPERATOR: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. 
 
Welcome to the Quidel Corporation second quarter 2016 
earnings conference call.  At this time all participants are in a 
listen-only mode.  Later, instructions will be given for the 
question-and-answer session.  If anyone has difficulty 
hearing the conference, please press *0 for operator 
assistance. 
 

 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  2 
I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Randy Steward, 
Quidel’s Chief Financial Officer.  Please go ahead. 
 
Randy Steward 
Thank you, Operator.  Good afternoon everyone -- and thank 
you for joining today's call.  With me today is our president 
and chief executive officer, Doug Bryant and Ruben Argueta, 
Director of Investor Relations. 
 
Our second quarter 2016 earnings release is now available 
on ir.quidel.com, our Investor Relations website. We will also 
post our prepared remarks on the Presentations tab of our 
IR website following the conclusion of this call, on July 27th, 
for a period of 24 hours.  Please note that this conference 
call will include forward-looking statements within the 
meaning of Federal securities laws.  It is possible that actual 
results and performance could differ significantly from these 
stated expectations.  For a discussion of risk factors, please 
review Quidel’s annual report on Form 10-K, registration 
statements and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, 
as filed with the SEC. 
 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  3 
Furthermore, this conference call contains time-sensitive 
information that is accurate only as of the date of the live 
broadcast, July 27, 2016.  Quidel undertakes no obligation to 
revise or update any statements to reflect events or 
circumstances after the date of this conference call, except 
as required by law. 
 
Today, Quidel released financial results for the three and six 
months ended June 30, 2016.  If you have not received our 
news release, or if you would like to be added to the 
company's distribution list, please call Ruben at 858-646-
8023. 
 
For today’s call, Doug will report on the highlights of the 
second quarter and provide updates on our product 
development pipeline.  I will then briefly discuss our financial 
results and we’ll open the call for your questions. 
 
I’ll now hand the call over to Doug for his comments. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thank you Randy, and good afternoon everyone.  For 
today’s call I’ll briefly touch on our results and a few 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  4 
highlights for the quarter, and then spend a bit more time 
outlining our overall strategy and discussing where we are 
with our key growth catalysts. 
 
Total revenues for Q2 were $39.1 million dollars, slightly 
better than our internal projections, and a record for Q2.  
Revenue growth over the prior year quarter was 11%.  
Influenza product revenues, which were $11 million dollars, 
grew 21% over the prior year quarter driven mainly by three 
factors: first, as our Virena data show quite clearly, the tail-off 
in Influenza B that often marks the end of an Influenza 
epidemic, and normally occurs in March, extended into early 
April in a number of states; second, distributor inventories 
exiting Q1 were low; and third, we gained share as a result 
of additional Sofia placements over several prior quarters, 
65% of which were competitive take-aways.  Sofia 
placements were appropriate for the time of year, and as we 
expected.  And encouragingly, over 1,000 additional Sofias 
were connected to our Virena cloud-based database in the 
quarter, and results transmitted in the aggregate to the 
database exceeded 1 million.  As a result of the success with 
Virena, and the overall capabilities of the Sofia system, we 
continue to do well in the professional segment.  For 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  5 
example, we closed a 90 unit Sofia deal during Q2 in a large 
prominent integrated delivery network, which is becoming 
more common as networks look to standardize across 
hospitals and clinics.  A key element to our success in many 
cases is that customers simply want instant access to their 
testing and quality control data.  The Virena and Sofia 
product offering also positions us well in the alternate site 
segment, which we define as anything outside the 
professional segment.  A recent highlight of the alternate site 
initiative is our largest Sofia close to date, which will require 
Sofia placements at over 650 sites. 
 
Non-flu product revenues for Q2 grew 8% over the prior year 
quarter.  Except for cell-based general virology products, all 
key non-flu franchises grew over the prior year quarter.  
Bone health and complement product revenues were up 
57%.  Typically this business has been a 10% annual grower 
for us.  The increase this quarter was due to the addition of 
Immutopics product sales.  Molecular product revenues were 
up 63%.  One of the drivers to the increase in molecular 
product sales is that many Solana Group A Strep customers 
are now coming on line.  During the quarter we closed our 
largest Solana customer to date, a large integrated delivery 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  6 
network that will be purchasing over $1 million dollars in 
Solana Group A Strep annually.  Thyretain, our Graves’ 
disease product, increased 8%, and is expected to continue 
to grow at about that rate until we introduce our blocking 
antibody product sometime next year.  Group A Strep 
Immunoassay sales were up 13%, due in large part to 
competitive take-aways from visually read point of care 
products to Sofia.  And finally, hCG was up a modest 4%. 
 Also worth noting, international sales in Q2 were up 10% 
over the prior year quarter, and for the first half of the year 
were up 26% over the same period in 2015.  There were a 
number of contributing factors to our international sales 
growth, one of which is that we launched Sofia Strep 
Pneumo last year. 
 
In terms of product development, there were no surprises, 
and there are no changes to any previously communicated 
timelines.  If there is a question on any specific product, I 
would be happy to address it during the Q&A portion of this 
call.  During the quarter, we did receive the CE Mark for 
Solana Trichomonas, which is also under active review at 
the FDA.  We submitted a 510(k) for Solana Influenza A+B, 
which is presently under active review at the FDA as well.  
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  7 
And we had a small number of international regulatory 
approvals for various Sofia products.  One final highlight for 
the quarter is that our newest generation high speed Sofia 
production line was officially transferred to production, which 
increases Sofia test cartridge capacity by 20 million tests per 
year. 
 
So, we’re half way through the year, but perhaps more 
importantly, we’ve reached the point at which many of the 
things that we hoped to accomplish are now behind us, and 
others that we had planned to achieve remain in front of us, 
but many of those are now in the not-too-distant future.  And 
while our strategic intent, the “what” we want to accomplish 
is essentially unchanged, the “how,” admittedly, has evolved 
a bit given better information and greater clarity on what our 
customers need today and what they will need tomorrow, as 
the healthcare landscape changes and evolves.  So at this 
point, I think that it would be useful to do a quick refresh on 
what we want to achieve, and how we are going to get it 
done. 
 
As we’ve stated often, our strategic intent is to build a 
broader-based diagnostic company that delivers revenue 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  8 
and margin more consistently.  How are we doing that?  
First, we have used existing resources to fortify price and 
volume in our core businesses through the development and 
commercialization of a next generation immunoassay 
analyzer called Sofia, which among many customer benefits 
that Sofia has provided, dramatically closed the performance 
gap between traditional point of care antigen detection rates 
and molecular methods.  And in the process of fortifying our 
Influenza business in particular, we grew the point of care 
market through the introduction of an instrument system, and 
actually gained share in the rapid point of care market for 
Influenza testing, as well as in the markets for Group A Strep 
and RSV.  Moving forward, we will introduce Sofia 2, with 
two main objectives.  First, we intend to further fortify our 
position in our core businesses in the professional segment 
by cannibalizing our QuickVue businesses with a lower cost 
portable instrument that enables positive test results to be 
reported in as few as 5 minutes (or fewer depending on the 
test type), and with built in connectivity to our Virena 
database, makes it even easier for integrated delivery 
networks to standardize their higher volume infectious 
disease testing and to more easily manage quality control 
across the network.  Second, we believe that as healthcare 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  9 
evolves, testing and treatment of routine conditions like 
Influenza and Group A Strep will eventually migrate in large 
numbers from the professional segment to what we call the 
alternate site segment.  In that environment, time-to-result, 
cost and connectivity have already proven to be important 
criteria, which makes Sofia 2 an obvious choice.  Overall, 
with Sofia 2, we think that we can almost double the number 
of Sofia placements within the next 3 to 5 years. 
 
The second part of our strategy is to use our capabilities in 
molecular product development to attack the limitations of 
the numerous competitors in the molecular space.  Every 
system and approach has its capabilities and limitations, and 
customer needs vary as well.  For customers who don’t have 
molecular instrumentation, or who don’t have people on the 
second or third shift that are trained to work in the molecular 
lab, we developed AmpliVue, a handheld disposable 
molecular device for the detection of antigens like C. difficile, 
HSV, Pertussis and several others.   For customers who 
would like to move from culture methods to a molecular 
solution, but would need to run several samples at once and 
are constrained by their existing lab budget, we developed 
Solana for the detection of a number of antigens that don’t 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  10 
require extraction, like Group A Strep, Trichomonas, 
Influenza and several others.  For high volume molecular 
labs we’ve developed easy to use PCR assays called Lyra.  
And for a part of the world that desperately needs a high 
performing HIV viral load testing solution that is robust 
enough to handle the most difficult of environmental 
conditions, and has a low total cost of ownership, we are 
developing Savanna.  While I won’t be discussing our assay 
development and launch strategy today, what we intend to 
do with Savanna in the developed world to address the 
limitations of our competitors will be revealed in some detail 
for the first time next week during a luncheon presentation 
on Tuesday in Philadelphia.  For those of you who would like 
to attend and have not yet confirmed their attendance, I 
would encourage you to reach out to Ruben within the next 
day or so. 
 
The third part of our strategy to build a broader-based 
diagnostics company is to forge ahead and lead in the 
creation of new markets and new businesses.  Culturally, we 
are a group of people that eschews rules and current 
thinking.  We’ve been questioned on how valuable Virena 
would be and whether we could actually monetize it.  We are 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  11 
evaluating options for further monetizing a data product 
offering that includes Virena data in the future, but clearly we 
already have benefited from our investment in Virena in 
terms of additional Sofia placements and market share gain.  
We were told by some very smart people that we couldn’t 
develop a Sofia assay for Vitamin D, but we’ve done it.  And 
we’ve been questioned on whether the Vitamin D market can 
be decentralized, but it will be.  We‘ve been asked why we 
developed a Sofia assay for Lyme, which today is a very 
small, niche, market.  The answer is that we developed Sofia 
Lyme for the market that will be.  We’ve also been told that 
molecular methods for infectious disease detection are 
inherently more sensitive.  And of course it’s logical that in 
making lots of copies of something, as we do with a 
molecular assay, it should be easier to detect.  But I will 
leave you with this question.  What if it’s possible that next 
generation Sofia 2 assays for Group A Strep, Influenza and 
others would be sensitive enough to have a confirmatory 
claim, just as some molecular assays like Solana Group A 
Strep have?  I look forward to hearing somebody tell me that 
it’s not possible and that we can’t do it.  And just so you 
know, I'm saying that with a smile. 
 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  12 
In summary, Q2 was good.  We expected to do well, both 
from a product development perspective as well as 
commercially, and we did.  And as I said, our strategy has 
evolved a bit over the last few years due to changes in the 
market, but also because of our own product development 
discoveries.  But essentially the path we are on has 
remained the same. 
 
Randy? 
 
RANDY STEWARD 
Thank you, Doug. 
 
Second Quarter Financial Results 
As we reported earlier today, total revenues for the second 
quarter of 2016 were $39.1 million dollars, as compared to 
$35.2 million dollars in the second quarter of 2015.  
 
Global Infectious Disease revenues, which include 
QuickVue, Sofia, DFA cell culture, and molecular products, 
increased 14% to $24.2 million dollars in the second quarter 
of 2016.  Influenza revenues, which include Sofia, QuickVue 
and $2.4 million dollars of DHI Respiratory products, 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  13 
increased 21% to $11.0 million dollars in the second quarter 
due to a late influenza season demand for both our 
QuickVue and Sofia assays while, as Doug mentioned, our 
inventory at distribution remained at very low levels exiting 
both the first and second quarters. 
 
In the second quarter of 2016, Strep A revenue grew 21% to 
$8.2 million dollars driven by revenue growth from both 
QuickVue and Sofia assay products.  Solana Group A Strep 
contributed 6% of the revenue growth in the quarter. RSV 
total product sales increased 29% to $900 thousand dollars, 
as we realized continued accelerated growth with the Sofia 
assay, which grew 64% in the quarter. 
 
Revenues for the Women’s Health category increased 17% 
in the second quarter of 2016 to $10.7 million dollars.  Our 
Bone Health and Complement business grew 57% to $3.3 
million dollars. Forty percent of this growth was organic, with 
the addition of the Immutopics bone health assays adding an 
incremental $700 thousand dollars. As Doug mentioned 
earlier, we believe the Immutopics assays will contribute in 
excess of $2 million dollars per year to the Women's Health 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  14 
category. In the quarter, Thyretain grew 8% and pregnancy 
revenues increased 4%.  
 
Our Gastrointestinal product category revenues were $1.6 
million dollars in the quarter.  
 
Gross margin in the second quarter of 2016 was equal to 
last year at approximately 56%.  The gross margin 
improvement we realized in the quarter from product mix 
was offset by lower production volume in both our 
immunoassay and molecular manufacturing facilities. Based 
on our first six months of results, we are estimating the full 
year gross margin to be in the range of 63% to 64%, and 
assumes a normal flu season starts in the fourth quarter.  
 
For the second quarter, Research and Development costs 
were $9.7 million dollars, an increase of $0.6 million dollars, 
due to increased development spend for the Savanna 
platform and clinical trials costs for Solana products.  We are 
estimating to have 4 assays running on the Solana platform 
as we exit this year.  For the full year, we still believe that our 
R&D spending will be in the range of $39 to $41 million 
dollars.  
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  15 
 
Sales and Marketing expenses in the second quarter of 2016 
were $12.2 million dollars, a 2% increase versus last year. In 
part, the increase is the result of our continued commitment 
to Virena, our cloud based instrument management and 
disease surveillance system.  
 
General and Administrative expenses were $6.7 million 
dollars in the second quarter of 2016.  The 6% increase 
versus last year was primarily due to business integration 
costs associated with the acquisition of Immutopics in March 
of this year.  
 
Our tax rate for the second quarter was approximately 34%, 
as compared to 31% for the second quarter of the prior year.  
The major drivers in reporting an effective tax rate different 
than our statutory rate of 35% are the R&D tax credit, the 
manufacturing production deduction and the change to our 
state valuation allowance.   
 
Net loss for the second quarter of 2016 was $7.8 million 
dollars, or 24 cents per share, as compared to net loss of 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  16 
$8.9 million dollars, or 26 cents per share, for the second 
quarter of 2015.  On a non-GAAP basis, net loss for the 
second quarter of 2016 was $3.4 million dollars, or 11 cents 
per share, compared to loss of $4.8 million dollars, or 14 
cents per share for the second quarter of 2015.  
 
Six-Month Financial Results 
Revenues for the six month period ended June 30, 2016 
were $89.5 million dollars compared to $96.9 million dollars 
for the six-month period in 2015. 
 
Infectious disease revenues were $60.6 million dollars 
versus $69.7 million dollars last year.  This revenue shortfall 
was mostly the result of decreased demand for respiratory 
products in the first quarter of this year.  Illustrating this point, 
for the first six months, influenza revenues decreased by 
$11.2 million dollars to $31.1 million dollars.  On the positive 
side, Strep A revenues increased by 12%, and RSV 
revenues increased 23% versus the same period last year.  
Assisting this growth were the assay sales from our Sofia 
and Solana instruments. We are pleased to see the 
continued revenue growth from our Strep A and RSV 
products.  On a trailing twelve month basis, the revenue from 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  17 
each of these assays have achieved their highest revenue 
numbers; Strep at $31.1 million dollars and RSV at $8.6 
million dollars. 
 
The Women’s Health segment increased 8% to $19.8 million 
dollars for the first half of 2016. Growth in this category was 
led by 27% growth in our Bone Health and Complement 
business.  A little more than half this growth was a result of 
the Immutopics acquisition at the end of the first quarter of 
this year.  An 8% growth in Thyretain was also a major 
growth contributor and on an annualized basis, it has grown 
to be an approximate $10 million dollar product line for us. 
 
In the period, our Gastrointestinal segment was $3.3 million 
dollars, and our Other Products category was $5.7 million 
dollars, of which $2.7 million dollars was from the Gates 
grant. 
 
Gross margin for the first six months of 2016 was 59% 
compared to 62% over the first six months of 2015.  The 
decrease in gross margin was driven by unfavorable product 
mix, with lower flu sales.  Also contributing to the gross 
margin decrease was the increased depreciation on the 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  18 
Sofia instruments as well as lower manufacturing efficiencies 
due to lower production volumes. 
 
Total operating expenses, excluding amortization of 
intangibles, for the first six months of 2016 were $60.9 
million dollars versus $57.0 million dollars last year.  
Research and Development increased by $5.2 million 
dollars, primarily due to an increase in development spend 
for the Savanna MDx platform, increased spend for our next 
generation Sofia instrument and clinical trials spend for 
Solana products.  Sales and Marketing expenses increased 
by $800 thousand dollars due to additional investment in 
promotional activities for our Virena platform.  G&A expenses 
decreased by $2.2 million dollars, due to 2015 business 
development expenditures, which did not repeat in the first 
six months of 2016, as well as the suspension of the medical 
device tax. 
 
For the first six months of 2016, we recorded $5.6 million 
dollars of interest expense, of which $2.8 million dollars 
relates to the cash coupon due semi-annually on the senior 
convertible notes, and the remainder is primarily the 
amortization of issuance costs and debt discount. 
 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  19 
Net loss for the first six months of 2016 was $11.3 million 
dollars, or 35 cents per share, as compared to net loss of 
$4.9 million dollars, or 14 cents per share, for the first six 
months of 2015. On a non-GAAP basis, net loss for the first 
half of 2016 was $2.8 million dollars, or 9 cents per share, 
compared to net income of $6.0 million dollars, or 17 cents 
per diluted share, for the same period in 2015. 
 
From a cash flow perspective, in the first six months of the 
year, Operating activities used $2.5 million dollars of cash 
and purchases of property and equipment were $5.4 million 
dollars.  Through six months, the Company spent $20.1 
million dollars to repurchase shares of its common stock.  As 
of the end of June, the company had no outstanding 
borrowings under its Senior Credit Facility and had $155.6 
million dollars in cash on the balance sheet. 
 
And with that, we conclude our formal comments for today.  
Operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions. 
 
Q&A 
 
OPERATOR 
 
QDEL Q2 2016 Conference Call  20 
That is all the time we have today.  Please proceed with your 
presentation or any closing remarks. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thanks everyone for your support and for your interest in 
Quidel.  We had a great quarter, and I believe that we are 
well-positioned to achieve our growth objectives.  Take care, 
everyone. 
 
OPERATOR 
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation, 
and ask that you please disconnect your lines.  Goodbye. 