 
1 
 
 
 
           
 
QUIDEL FOURTH QUARTER 2021  
CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT 
 Thursday, February 17, 2022  
2:00 p.m. PT/ 5:00 p.m. ET 
 
 
 
OPERATOR: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. 
 
Welcome to the Quidel Corporation fourth quarter and full year 2021 
earnings conference call.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only 
mode.  Later, instructions will be given for the question-and-answer 
session.  If anyone has difficulty hearing the conference, please press *0 
for operator assistance. 
 
I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ruben Argueta, Quidel’s Director 
of Investor Relations.  Please go ahead. 
 
 

 
2 
Ruben Argueta 
Thank you, Operator.  Good afternoon everyone -- and thank you for 
joining today's call.  With me today is our President and Chief Executive 
Officer, Doug Bryant, and our Chief Financial Officer, Randy Steward.  
Also on the call are Chris Smith, Ortho's Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer, and Joe Busky, Ortho's Chief Financial Officer.  
 
Our fiscal fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings release is now 
available on ir.quidel.com, our Investor Relations website.  We will also 
post our prepared remarks on the Presentations tab of our IR website 
following the conclusion of this call, on February 17th, for a period of 24 
hours. 
 
Please note that some of the information we provide during today's 
conference call will include forward-looking statements, including, but 
not limited to, the types of statements identified as forward-looking in 
our Annual Report on Form 10-K that we will file later today, which will 
be available on our IR website.  Actual results may differ materially from 
those projected in any forward-looking statement. For a further 
description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results 
to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking 
statements, as well as risks related to our business and the proposed 
 
3 
business combination with Ortho Clinical Diagnostics, please see our 
Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent periodic reports and 
registration statements filed with the SEC. 
 
Furthermore, this conference call contains time-sensitive information 
that is accurate only as of today.  Except as required by law, we 
undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements or 
time-sensitive information, which speak only as of today. Today, Quidel 
released financial results for the three and twelve months ended 
December 31, 2021.  If you have not received our earnings release, or if 
you would like to be added to the company's distribution list, please 
contact me at 858-646-8023. 
 
Following Doug's comments, Randy will briefly discuss our financial 
results.  Then, we’ll open the call to take your questions. 
 
I’ll now hand the call over to Doug for his comments. 
 
DOUG BRYANT  
Good afternoon everyone.  Thanks for joining us.   
 
2021 marked another truly outstanding and transformational year for 
Quidel.  Seemingly everything we did was Big:  
 
4 
• We opened our largest immunoassay manufacturing facility in 
just nine months;  
• Boosted output tenfold to help meet demand;  
• Entered the retail and at-home testing markets with QuickVue 
At-Home OTC COVID-19 assays; 
• Created strategic partnerships with CVS, Walgreens, 
McKesson, the NIH and others; and 
• Entered into a 12-month agreement with the U.S. government 
estimated at over $500 million dollars. 
 
Much of what we did was Bold: 
• Continuing to ramp production of QuickVue and Sofia rapid 
immunoassays when competitors were retrenching; 
• Overcoming supply chain challenges and production 
interruptions caused by positive COVID-19 cases within our 
workforce; 
• Launching our revolutionary Savanna MDx instrumented 
system outside the U.S.; 
• And signing a definitive agreement to acquire Ortho Clinical 
Diagnostics – a transaction that we expect will double our size 
and more than double our addressable global market. 
 
 
5 
And the sum of what we did was Breathtaking:  
• Investing in manufacturing multiplied our scope and scale, 
positioning us for long-term, sustainable growth;  
• Our performance was exceptional across the board – from our 
research labs to our facilities and operations, to our finance 
and functional departments; 
• 2021 was the highest revenue year in Quidel's history, 
surpassing a high-growth 2020 revenue number;  
• We dramatically broadened the range of patients, partners, 
and providers we serve;  
• And we emerged from a challenging year with the strongest 
portfolio of physical, financial, and intellectual assets in our 
history.  
• The combination of Quidel and Ortho is expected to create an 
end-to-end diagnostics solutions portfolio that spans from the 
high volume, high complexity hospitals and labs to the farthest 
reaches of point of care and the vast untapped channels of 
retail, OTC and tele-diagnostics.  
 
To sum up, our markets are significant, our runway is long, and as I will 
lay out further on this call, we have the team, the strategic roadmap, and 
 
6 
the can-do culture that we call the "Quidel Way" to make the most of the 
opportunities we see ahead.   
 
Let’s turn quickly to the numbers.  Revenue for the fourth quarter was 
$637 million dollars.  We experienced a shift in product mix from Sofia 
products delivered through the professional market to QuickVue 
products that have taken off in the retail, pharmacy, and employer 
testing markets.  On a full-year basis, revenue increased 2%, primarily 
supported by strong demand for COVID-19 rapid immunoassay 
products, for both Sofia and QuickVue.  
 
Growth in rapid immunoassay supported our performance for the year, 
with QuickVue sales increasing exponentially.  We entered strategic 
partnerships with major retail names like CVS and Walgreens to further 
expand into the retail and online entry points for the consumer at-home 
testing market.  The uptake in both sales and brand recognition is 
building solid inroads for us to serve the retail sector, which we hope to 
participate in on a longer-term basis.  
 
Our acceleration of assay development and production has also served 
to broaden our footprint at the point-of-care, helping drive introduction of 
our full portfolio to new groups of highly engaged patients and providers. 
 
7 
For example, there continues to be a vast opportunity to capture 
demand in emerging markets through both telehealth technology and 
digital health capabilities, expanding patient access to a broad range of 
point-of-care and OTC diagnostic products.  In this space, we have both 
SofiaQ as well as a recently launched self-test mobile application that 
we call QVue Business, to help address enterprise and employee-health 
use cases, and have a consumer version of the app in development.  
 
As part of our focus on democratizing access to testing, we take 
considerable pride in the fact that we supported financially or donated a 
portion of our COVID-19 testing production to charitable organizations 
such as The United Way, the Jets Foundations, University of Arizona, 
the Chicano Federation of San Diego and the Blackhawks Foundation 
through our academic, government and sports league partners.  Our 
charitable partnerships helped serve some of the communities hit 
hardest by COVID-19 and we are proud to have played a part in 
increasing equitable access to diagnostics testing.  
 
In January, we saw incredibly strong demand for our Sofia COVID-19 
antigen test in the professional market as well as demand for our 
QuickVue at-home product, as a result of elevated COVID-19 case 
counts.  As we move closer to the end of February, we are seeing 
 
8 
demand moderate in the professional and retail markets commensurate 
with lower COVID-19 positive cases but bolstered by the continued 
fulfillment of state and U.S. government orders, as COVID-19 shifts from 
a pandemic to what some scientists anticipate as an endemic phase.  
Unless the government changes direction, we would expect that 
demand will continue through the second quarter.  While we won't speak 
at this time about full-year 2022 revenue expectations, what we will say 
confidently is that Q1 2022 will be our largest quarter in terms of 
revenue in the history of Quidel.   
 
During 2021, we also announced the transition of the Beckman BNP 
Business to Beckman Coulter, concluding the litigation that had been 
ongoing since the purchase of the business in October 2017.  This 
agreement is a major step forward for both Quidel and Beckman.  It 
enables us to focus on expanding our core businesses and executing on 
our longer-term strategy while also establishing for Quidel a stable cash 
flow stream through 2029, the remainder of the term of the existing BNP 
supply agreement. 
 
As long as we’re on the subject of future cash flow streams, I’d also like 
to address progress we’ve made with our revolutionary Savanna 
platform, and what lies in store for us as we prepare for its U.S. launch 
 
9 
later this year.  The Savanna platform will be our next flagship product, 
and we are incredibly proud of the progress made to date.  Savanna 
allows for PCR testing of up to 12 pathogens plus controls from a single 
sample.  The amplification time is very fast, with total turnaround time for 
our RVP panels in approximately 20 minutes.  The Savanna platform is 
fully integrated, very easy to use, and will have both direct swab and 
liquid sample compatibility.  The reagent is stable at room temperature, 
which is a huge deal – particularly in hospital labs.  
 
As I mentioned at the outset, we’ve already launched in the E.U.  We’re 
in-market in a limited launch with our RVP4 respiratory panel and have 
received very positive customer feedback to date, including requests for 
additional instruments.  We expect 2022 to be a busy year for Savanna, 
as we work toward EUA for RVP4, and 510(k) submission for our RVP11 
assay, as well as for our HSV/VZV, STI and gastrointestinal panels.  We 
also plan on automating our manufacturing line, thereby substantially 
increasing our production capacity for our Savanna cartridges.  Once 
launched in the U.S., we’re targeting revenues of over $300 million 
dollars per year within three years.  Much of that will be determined by 
our ability to manufacture instruments and fully automate our cartridge 
manufacturing lines but if we’ve demonstrated anything during this 
 
10 
pandemic, it’s that we can scale rapidly, which bodes well for a flawless, 
successful launch.  
 
Aside from our team’s extraordinary execution in scaling our operations 
to help meet demand for COVID-19 testing, our biggest highlight came 
at the very end of the year with the announcement of our agreement to 
acquire Ortho Clinical Diagnostics.  We believe this transformative 
acquisition will position Quidel as a global leader in diagnostics, 
substantially diversifying our product pipeline while widening our global 
reach and scale.  Our agreement to acquire Ortho for a combination of 
cash and newly-issued shares in the combined company is expected to 
make us one of the larger pure-play diagnostics companies in the 
industry.  Bringing our two leading companies together will give us the 
ability to leverage complementary expertise and an unparalleled range 
of capabilities to drive growth into new markets.  
 
The highly complementary nature of Quidel’s and Ortho’s product 
portfolios is expected to create ample cross-selling opportunities across 
a diverse customer and channel mix, enabling us to maximize the value 
of existing platforms and drive worldwide growth.  The future revenue 
synergies are particularly attractive with Savanna, given Ortho’s deep 
roots among laboratory customers and extensive global commercial 
 
11 
reach.  Driving global commercial execution of Savanna will be a chief 
priority for us in 2022 and beyond.  
 
The planned Ortho acquisition is expected to more than double our 
global market opportunity estimated to be worth over $50 billion dollars 
between the point-of-care, clinical laboratory, and transfusion medicine 
categories.  Financially, it allows us to maintain 9-11% top-line growth 
post-COVID and generate 30%+ EBITDA margins and substantial 
operating cash flow, creating a pathway for strong value creation over 
the long-term. 
 
Culturally, Quidel and Ortho are an excellent fit, which was a key factor 
in our decision to move forward with the acquisition.  Both companies 
share a passion for advancing innovation and enhancing the well-being 
of the customers, patients, and communities we serve.   
 
Of course, we are already hard at work setting the stage for a smooth 
integration.  With our proven experience in successfully integrating 
acquired businesses into our operations, we are confident we have the 
right processes in place, and with the help of the great people at Ortho, 
we believe that we will achieve the milestones we’ve set for ourselves 
once integration plans can be implemented post-closing. 
 
12 
 
For a bit of background, our integration approach will be similar to the 
process we used to integrate the Alere assets – a transaction that 
doubled the size of our organization at the time.  In some ways, that 
acquisition presented a more technically challenging integration.  It was 
a carve-out asset purchase that did not include international entities and 
required a lengthy, staged deferred closing process throughout the world 
over a number of years.  We also spent a significant amount of time 
understanding the Alere culture, how Triage product was manufactured 
and sold, and the ins and outs of the Beckman BNP Business.   
 
So, we devoted a lot of energy to finding the right integration structure 
and working collaboratively with our new colleagues and third-party 
integration specialists to plan for a successful integration.  It was 
essential for us to get it right.  And in the end, we harvested about $20 
million dollars in synergies from a $250 million dollar set of businesses 
in a little over two years, and significantly de-levered from over 4X 
leverage to under 1X.  We also improved the company morale, which 
had been under-prioritized, in our view.  Given this experience and 
outcome, we believe we have a good system in place that is thoughtful, 
effective and reproducible. 
 
 
13 
Ortho is a great company, with very talented employees, strong 
processes, and a positive, customer-centered culture.  We believe that 
both Ortho and Quidel can learn from each other and are taking a truly 
collaborative approach.  We’ve appointed integration planning leaders 
on both the Quidel and Ortho sides - Kristin Caltrider and Bob Dunn - 
who are aided by a select team of employees focused on the integration 
and third-party integration specialists.  Our approach is currently broken 
down into three parts: first is Integration Strategy and Day 1 Planning; 
second is Day 1 Readiness and Execution; and third is the Post-
Execution Phase. We plan to identify and utilize the best of what makes 
both companies exceptional.  Philosophically, our guiding principles for 
the post-closing integration involve 6 points: 
• Ensure continued momentum and preserve the core 
across both businesses;  
• Empower leaders with the right tools and information to 
make decisions that drive continued growth; 
• Energize and retain team members at Quidel and Ortho 
with pro-active communication and retention incentives 
throughout the integration; 
• Capture projected cost synergies by leveraging 
combined scale of the two businesses; 
 
14 
• Enhance our go-to-market model to maximize 
commercial benefit and capture projected revenue 
synergies; and 
• Optimize R&D priorities to match future strategy across 
U.S. and ex-U.S. 
 
We’ve identified $90 million dollars in expected cost synergies that we 
think are achievable by the end of the third year.  These cost synergies 
are driven by operational efficiencies, supply chain optimization, and 
shared administrative functions, including duplicative public company 
costs.  Further, we’ve identified $100 million dollars in expected revenue 
synergies by 2025, with approximately 80% to come from cross-selling 
opportunities and our expanded geographical footprint to sell Savanna 
and other products in ex-U.S. markets.  
 
Our integration teams are working well together in planning the 
integration, and I believe that shortly after closing, we will begin 
harvesting synergies, paying down debt, growing both businesses and 
bringing together two remarkable organizations.  In addition, as you saw 
in Ortho's 8-K yesterday, Chris Smith, Ortho's CEO, will be joining me as 
a special advisor.  Since 2019, Chris and his team have rejuvenated 
their company and I think it would be short-sighted to not avail myself of 
 
15 
his experience and expertise to assist me in thinking through things that 
we know we will need to address, as well as those that are unknown at 
this time.  
 
Based on our current expectations, we anticipate holding the special 
meeting for stockholders to vote on the acquisition in late April and 
expect the acquisition to close in the first half of the year.  The 
completion of the acquisition is conditioned upon, among other things, 
the early termination or expiration of any applicable waiting period under 
the HSR Act.  The good news is that, effective 11:59 p.m. EST on 
February 9, 2022, the waiting period under the HSR Act expired with 
respect to the acquisition.  However, the completion of the acquisition 
remains subject to other closing conditions.  Post-closing, we anticipate 
the integration will be complete within approximately two years.  
 
In closing, I am enormously proud of our accomplishments in 2021 and 
want to thank our Quidel team for the courage, creativity and resilience 
they showed personally and collectively in driving our business forward 
amid all the challenges of a second pandemic year.  Their steadfast 
commitment to our mission of advancing diagnostics to improve human 
health is responsible for our success as a company and as an impactful 
corporate citizen when our contributions mattered most.  
 
16 
 
We look forward to driving further operational excellence in 2022 
through strong execution against our growth roadmap.  As we work to 
support our customers, partners and patients beyond the threat of 
COVID-19, we see great opportunities that lie ahead for Quidel to grow 
our core business and advance our diagnostics portfolio to improve the 
quality of healthcare and health outcomes across the globe.  With the 
U.S. launch of Savanna, and the planned Ortho acquisition, we have 
many great opportunities to continue accelerating our growth throughout 
2022, and beyond.  I’m excited to see our company further transform 
into a leading diagnostics player as we execute on these opportunities 
to enhance our competitive positioning and create long-term 
shareholder value. 
 
Randy? 
 
RANDY STEWARD 
Fourth Quarter 2021 Financial Results 
Thank you, Doug. Good afternoon everyone.  2021 was a significant 
year in Quidel’s history.  We continued the great momentum from 2020 
and 2022 is off to a very strong start as well.  To reiterate Doug’s 
comments, I’d also like to thank all of our employees, who demonstrated 
 
17 
great resolve and dedication to overcome the many challenges we 
faced this past year.  We accomplished much, including achieving the 
highest revenue year in Quidel’s history.  During my tenure here, 
Quidel’s incredible culture has been the cornerstone of our continued 
growth and ability to drive improved outcomes for our patients and 
customers.  I am so proud to be a part of what we have achieved at 
Quidel.  
 
As reported, total revenues for the fourth quarter of 2021 were $636.9 
million dollars.  During the period, we experienced a shift in demand 
from Sofia COVID-19 products to QuickVue COVID-19 products.  Sofia 
Combo revenue was lower than the prior year period by approximately 
$250 million dollars.  Foreign currency had a positive impact of $2.0 
million dollars in the quarter.  Total COVID-19 revenue was $511.8 
million dollars, with $466.7 million dollars coming from our Rapid 
Immunoassay products, and $45.1 million dollars coming from our 
Molecular products, mostly driven by our Lyra COVID-19 product.   
 
Within our product categories, Rapid Immunoassay revenues were 
$521.0 million dollars in the fourth quarter of 2021.  Within this category, 
Sofia products were $92.8 million dollars, of which Sofia SARS antigen 
product sales were $47.2 million dollars.  Influenza, which includes our 
 
18 
Combo test, and Strep revenue made up the majority of the balance of 
the Sofia revenue.  QuickVue product revenues were $427.0 million 
dollars, driven by strong sales of our QuickVue COVID-19 tests, which 
were $419.5 million dollars.  We sold over 65 million QuickVue tests in 
the quarter, broken out between approximately 13 million QuickVue 
Professional SARS tests and approximately 52 million At-Home OTC 
COVID-19 tests in the quarter.  Of the QuickVue At-Home OTC test 
volume, our retail channel consisted of 44% of the total volume, the 
majority of which flowed through our pharmacy partners.  The traditional 
distribution channel, shipping into mostly e-commerce and other 
employer groups, formed 21% of the volume, with 29% going to 
government agencies.  Included in the government numbers was 3.5 
million tests shipped to the U.S. federal government as part of the 108 
million test order.  In January, we started increasing our shipments to the 
government and now anticipate completing that order by the end of the 
second quarter.  In addition, we are continuing dialogue with various 
government agencies around the potential to purchase more tests as 
part of warm manufacturing programs and pandemic preparedness.     
 
For the Cardiometabolic Immunoassay business, revenue was $52.8 
million dollars, lower than the prior year quarter as a result of the 
agreement we entered into with Beckman Coulter in July 2021.  The 
 
19 
agreement states that, in connection with transitioning the Beckman 
BNP Business to Beckman Coulter, Quidel receives annual cash 
payments of between $70 million dollars to $75 million dollars per year 
through 2029, and a pro-rated payment in 2021.  In the fourth quarter, 
we recorded revenue of $17.9 million dollars associated with this 
agreement.  The Triage business generated revenue of $34.9 million 
dollars in the quarter versus $36.4 million dollars in the fourth quarter of 
last year, with strong growth in China, offset by weakness in the U.S. 
 
Our Molecular Diagnostic Solutions revenue was $50.9 million dollars.  
The decrease versus fourth quarter last year was due to a decrease in 
Lyra SARS-CoV-2 assay revenue, as additional competitive COVID-19 
products came into the market.  Lyra COVID-19 revenue was $37.2 
million dollars in the quarter and Solana COVID-19 revenue was $7.9 
million dollars.  We were very pleased with the performance of this 
business in the fourth quarter, and for the year.  
 
In the quarter, total Influenza revenue was $40.5 million dollars. 
Influenza revenue included Sofia Flu revenue of $11.5 million dollars 
and Sofia SARS combo test revenue of $24.6 million dollars.  Influenza 
revenue remained low due to a low prevalence of influenza in the U.S. 
 
 
20 
Gross profit in the fourth quarter of 2021 was $489.3 million dollars, and 
the gross profit margin was 77%.  We continue to realize good product 
margins from our COVID-19 tests, though margins are lower than last 
year due to a shift in product mix from higher margin Sofia SARS 
products to lower margin QuickVue COVID-19 products, as well as 
targeted price reductions.  
 
Our significant investment in R&D continued in the fourth quarter as we 
focused on expanding our robust pipeline of proprietary assays across 
our QuickVue, Sofia, Sofia Q, and Savanna platforms, as well as 
ramping up our investment in the next generation platforms, such as 
Project Leapfrog.   
 
From a Sales and Marketing perspective, we will continue to invest in 
people and resources to expand our reach, as well as increase our 
spend in marketing, product promotions and corporate partnerships in 
support of the at-home testing market. 
 
As it relates to the annual provision for income taxes, we recorded 
income tax expenses of $196.1 million dollars for the full year, which 
represents an effective tax rate of approximately 22%.  State tax 
obligations increased our rate above the federal statutory rate of 21%, 
 
21 
offset by tax benefits from excess stock-based compensation, foreign 
derived intangible income and research credits.    
 
We realized another excellent year of positive cash flow for the 
company,  generating over $800 million dollars of cash flow from 
operations.   We utilized some of that cash to significantly increase our 
production for both our Sofia and QuickVue product lines.  We maintain 
no debt on our balance sheet,  and only have two remaining deferred 
consideration annual payments to Abbott for the Alere assets purchased 
back in October 2017.  The remaining balance owed to Abbott is $88 
million dollars, of which $48 million dollars will be paid in April of this 
year.   As of February 11th, we had approximately $925 million dollars of 
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities on the balance sheet,  
and we estimate this balance to be over $1.2 billion dollars by the end of 
the first quarter.   We anticipate utilizing a majority of this cash toward 
the Ortho acquisition, which we anticipate closing in the first half of this 
year.  
 
In 2022, we are expecting to spend approximately $150 million dollars in 
capital expenditures, mostly relating to Savanna cartridge automation, 
Savanna instruments and the expansion of our new Carlsbad 
manufacturing facility.   
 
22 
 
And with that, we conclude our formal comments for today.  Operator, 
we are now ready to open the call for questions.  
 
Q&A 
 
OPERATOR 
That is all the time we have today.  Please proceed with your 
presentation or any closing remarks.  
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thanks everyone for your support and for your interest in Quidel.  We 
had an excellent fourth quarter.  We have accomplished much, but there 
is still a lot of work to do.  We had an excellent 2021, we're well-
positioned for 2022, and we believe we're in good shape to achieve our 
growth objectives over the next few years.  Thanks again for being on 
the call.   
 
OPERATOR 
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation, and ask that 
you please disconnect your lines.  Goodbye. 
 