 
1 
 
 
 
           
 
QUIDEL THIRD QUARTER 2021  
CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT 
 Thursday, November 4, 2021  
2:00 p.m. PT/ 5:00 p.m. ET 
 
 
 
FINAL 
 
 
OPERATOR: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. 
 
Welcome to the Quidel Corporation third quarter 2021 earnings 
conference call.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode.  
Later, instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session.  If 
anyone has difficulty hearing the conference, please press *0 for 
operator assistance. 
 
I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ruben Argueta, Quidel’s Director 
of Investor Relations.  Please go ahead. 

 
2 
 
 
Ruben Argueta 
Thank you, Operator.  Good afternoon everyone -- and thank you for 
joining today's call.  With me today is our President and Chief Executive 
Officer, Doug Bryant, our Chief Financial Officer, Randy Steward, and 
our VP of Finance, Kristin Caltrider. 
 
Our third quarter 2021 earnings release is now available on 
ir.quidel.com, our Investor Relations website.  We will also post our 
prepared remarks on the Presentations tab of our IR website following 
the conclusion of this call, on November 4, 2021, for a period of 24 
hours. 
 
Please note that some of the information we provide during today’s 
conference call constitutes forward-looking statements.  Forward-
looking statements by their nature involve material risks, assumptions, 
and uncertainties.  In particular, our expectations and assumptions 
around the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results 
of operations, and financial condition and that of our suppliers, 
customers, and other business partners are highly uncertain, 
continuously evolving, and unpredictable.  Actual results may differ 
materially from the forward-looking statements due to various important 
 
3 
factors, including the risk factors discussed in our most recent 10-K and 
subsequent periodic reports and registration statements filed with the 
SEC.  Furthermore, this conference call contains time-sensitive 
information that is accurate only as of today.  Except as required by law, 
we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements 
or time-sensitive information, which speak only as of today. 
 
Today, Quidel released financial results for the three and nine months 
ended September 30, 2021.  If you have not received our earnings 
release, or if you would like to be added to the company's distribution 
list, please contact me at 858-646-8023. 
 
Following Doug's comments, Randy will briefly discuss our financial 
results.  Then, we’ll open the call to take your questions. 
 
I’ll now hand the call over to Doug for his comments. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thank you, Ruben.  And welcome to everyone on the call.  We really 
appreciate your time and interest in Quidel. 
I want to start by recognizing the entire Quidel team for their 
commitment to their teammates and communities.  We started the 
pandemic with both grave uncertainty and the label of ‘essential 
 
4 
workers.’  We’ve all been affected and bonded by it.  Because of our 
culture, that pressure only motivated us to lead the industry’s response 
to the pandemic: to develop new assays, drive discoveries on new 
platforms, manufacture at unprecedented scale, and keep that 
production growing despite supply chain challenges and concerns over 
the rapidly changing environment. 
 
Our team did it all despite personal and family concerns, and long hours 
– day and night.  Their efforts have been heroic, and their impact on this 
country has been lifesaving on a level that can never be fully charted.   
 
While others balked, we never wavered.  
 
But what our people have done for our company can be measured…at 
least in part.  Because what we are discussing today only boils down to 
the results from a single quarter. 
 
But step back for a moment and consider: the U.S. has weathered 
several COVID spikes; our Quidel teams have been asked by our 
country to do – and have done – what was previously considered 
impossible: to go from ‘Zero to Sixty’ in multiple categories of COVID 
diagnostics and take those innovations to scale at lightning speed. In 
 
5 
the process, Quidel has transformed into an enterprise that is far more 
than ‘essential,’ we are ‘purposeful.’  We have delivered on our 
foundational purpose of advancing diagnostics to improve human 
health… when it really counts.  And that is a far more important metric to 
our Quidel family than any numbers we discuss today. 
 
Nevertheless, the numbers reflect the effort. 
 
We delivered solid 7% revenue growth from the third quarter of 2020, 
which was previously our strongest third quarter ever for revenue. 
 
 
We further broadened our installed base of Sofia
® analyzers to just over 
74,000 instruments in the field, expanding our base to support influenza 
A/B, RSV, strep, and of course COVID, as well as numerous other 
diagnostic assays in our portfolio.  The year-on-year expansion is 
explosive and has long-term implications for our diversified business 
going forward. 
 
Demand for our SARS products continued, with Quidel shipping over 45 
million SARS tests in the third quarter of 2021 across all platforms.  And 
we strengthened our beachhead for COVID testing in the retail segment, 
partnering with Walgreens and CVS to grow our presence in 
 
6 
pharmacies.  When combined with our other major and independent 
retail partners, we are seeing strong demand – and consumer 
awareness in the Quidel brand is rising with it.  We are proud to have 
led the effort to decentralize and democratize COVID-19 rapid antigen 
testing into this new market.  And I would add that we are proud to have 
devoted a portion of that production to support our charitable, 
government, and sports league partners to bring our advanced 
diagnostics to serve many of the minority and underserved communities 
hardest hit by COVID-19 infections. 
 
As noted in our earnings release, we are working to fulfill a federal 
government award originally estimated for 51 million QuickVue
® At-
Home OTC COVID-19 Tests with a dollar value of approximately $284 
million.  A recent order suggests that purchases could grow to 
approximately 100 million QuickVue tests. 
 
In any event, we believe the implications of these positive developments 
will extend well beyond a single quarter. 
 
While we are now, thankfully, seeing declining COVID infections, we still 
believe that symptomatic and asymptomatic diagnostic testing is crucial 
to keeping the disease and its variants at bay.  We believe that there will 
 
7 
be continued demand for COVID-19 rapid antigen testing for at least the 
next few quarters.  But I would emphasize that the unpredictability of 
this pandemic makes everything fluid and a firm baseline level of 
demand is still too early to call.  
 
Looking beyond our COVID categories, our non-seasonal core business 
is stable. In fact, the revenue for this business, excluding influenza and 
COVID-19 products, grew 2% to $93.3 million, as compared to $91.4 
million in the third quarter of 2020.  
 
 
There has been no significant distribution stocking for influenza 
products, so we remain poised to meet the needs of the market should a 
normal flu season arrive.  We expect our non-COVID business to 
strengthen further in the coming months as flu season kicks off, 
supported by our incremental Sofia placements and the opportunity to 
increase utilization of the platform, not to mention the launch of new 
Sofia gastrointestinal assays, and the launch of Savanna
®, just to name 
a few. 
 
But if we pull back to look at the big picture, due to manufacturing 
capacity constraints, we are primarily playing in the pharmacy segment 
of the OTC space and have made limited in-roads beyond that.  We 
 
8 
have been cautious in partnering with more large players until we are 
able to fulfill their volume requirements in a timely manner.  That said, 
we expect that once we get our Rutherford facility fully operational, we 
can sign on other large retail and corporate partners.  Moreover, we 
believe this new OTC market will bode well for the rest of our point-of-
care respiratory assays going forward.  
 
Another reason for the limited launch into retail is the large government 
contract we were awarded in the third quarter 2021, which we originally 
estimated to be approximately $284 million in revenues.  We have 
recently received their order for over $500 million and expect that it will 
take time to fulfill the order, likely into the third quarter 2022.  We have a 
good idea as to how this order will be broken up in terms of volume and 
revenue between the subsequent quarters, but a lot of it depends on 
how quickly we are able to validate and fully scale our manufacturing 
capacity at Rutherford, and what new critical components and 
unknowns we will need to solve at those considerably larger volumes.  
We face the same supply chain challenges facing everyone from 
manufacturers to consumers, but I’m pleased to say that we’ve done 
quite well in resolving them so far. 
 
 
9 
Speaking of our manufacturing capacity, our manufacturing and 
operations teams really stepped up this past quarter, as they have been 
doing since the beginning of this global health crisis.  Due to the 
extraordinary efforts of these teams, in the third quarter 2021 we 
manufactured and shipped the largest volume of tests ever produced 
and shipped in any quarter in Quidel’s history and are also on-track to 
reach our target run-rate capacity of approximately 70 million rapid 
antigen tests (50 million QuickVue and 20 million Sofia) per month by 
the end of the year. 
 
In the third quarter 2021, we also were pleased to see continued 
strength of our Lyra
® PCR sales, given that the assay requires no 
proprietary instrument and there’s a large number of competitors 
offering similar solutions.  We believe our Lyra sales signal two 
important trends: first, a heightened brand reputation among PCR labs; 
and second, a strong, longer-term underlying cohort of potential 
Savanna customers, as they see the value of adopting a system that is 
one-of-a-kind in terms of speed, ease-of-use, assay menu and price.  I’ll 
touch more on Savanna later.  
 
Taken all together, we believe the ebbs and flows of COVID-19 demand 
for Sofia, QuickVue and Lyra are a net positive for us in the short-term 
 
10 
and position the business favorably for a world where either COVID-19 
reaches the endemic stage, or it completely abates.  As I’ve said before, 
it is very difficult to provide a baseline COVID revenue number that I can 
confidently call a “floor” until we have completely fulfilled the 
government order, which we estimate to take place within the next 
couple quarters.   
 
Let me turn now to the progress made on our product pipeline during 
the third quarter 2021.  
 
On the COVID-19 side of the business, we are working on a QuickVue 
combination test for Flu A, Flu B and COVID-19, and hope to submit that 
test to the FDA within the next few weeks.  We also have a few other 
tests in the works, and I plan to share more on those as they get closer 
to launch.   
 
On the non-COVID side, we have several Sofia gastrointestinal assays 
that we believe can increase the clinical utility of the Sofia instrument 
and provide additional placement opportunities within hospitals and 
other moderately complex medical settings.  Admittedly, these assays 
have been taking a bit longer than we had hoped, but this delay is well 
 
11 
worth the trade-off we made in tackling COVID-19.  We expect to launch 
several of these assays next year.  
 
On the Triage side, we initiated our clinical trial for our high sensitivity 
Troponin test early in the year and are hoping to complete it near the 
middle of next year.  If we are able to realize the claims that are 
competitive with, or better than, large lab analyzers, we think this could 
be a nice growth driver for us. Behind that, we have our test for 
placental health, PlGF, which could also be a meaningful contributor to 
growth in the U.S. market.  
 
Regarding our molecular business, we received CE Mark for our 
Savanna instrument and RVP4 respiratory cartridge in Q3 and are 
launching Savanna outside the U.S.  Savanna is our multiplex molecular 
diagnostic analyzer, which will further extend our pipeline through 
integrated sample prep combined with rapid, real-time PCR 
amplification and detection technologies, making it ideal for syndromic 
testing in hospitals and moderately complex labs, with the goal of 
eventually accessing physician offices, urgent care clinics and other 
point-of-care locations.  Like other manufacturers, we have been 
challenged by shortages in a critical component.  We have since 
resolved this supply issue, but expect supply chain challenges to persist 
 
12 
off and on into 2022.  We are planning to launch Savanna by the end of 
this year in select markets outside the U.S.  We are very excited about 
the future of this product.  
 
 
Lastly, I'd like to talk about capital allocation.  Investing in the future 
growth of the business, either by funding R&D or increasing our 
manufacturing capacity, continues to be the biggest priority, followed by 
M&A.  Regarding M&A, we continue to actively look at opportunities 
within our funnel, but highly value strategic fit.  We want to stay in 
diagnostics and like businesses that can expand our international reach, 
or products that can fit within our commercial channel.  We aren't 
interested at this time in technologies that are far away from 
commercialization.  So, we have a set of criteria, we’re looking, and 
stand ready to deploy capital to further strengthen our product portfolio 
should the right opportunity present itself. 
 
To wrap up, the third quarter of 2021 proved to be another strong 
quarter and an important step forward in our long-term game plan.  We 
were fortunate in that we stuck to the game plan all year and were 
focused on increasing manufacturing capacity.  Our product platforms 
and offerings have never been more robust.  Our productivity is up 
 
13 
across the board.  And our market penetration is deeper and wider than 
ever before.  
 
We believe we are well-positioned for the future: our products are 
exceptional, we’ve continued to add customers, entered new markets, 
added incremental Sofia placements on multi-year contracts, and have 
made inroads toward establishing a brand name that is recognizable 
across multiple verticals.  We have executed successfully against our 
core goals, and the business is stronger than it has ever been. 
 
Now, I’ll turn the floor over to Randy to give you a deeper understanding 
of our third quarter 2021 financials. 
 
Randy?  
 
 
 
RANDY STEWARD 
Third Quarter 2021 Financial Results 
Thank you, Doug. Good afternoon everyone.  As Doug stated, we had a 
great quarter and we made, and continue to make, steady progress on 
our longer-term goals.  
 
 
14 
As reported, total revenues for the third quarter of 2021 were $509.7 
million, compared to $476.1 million in the third quarter of 2020, 
achieving growth of 7% year-over-year, largely due to increased COVID-
19 testing demand related to the Delta variant.  Foreign currency 
exchange had a positive impact of $1.0 million in the third quarter of 
2021. The
 increase in total revenue was due to strong demand for all of 
our COVID products, especially our visually-read QuickVue At-Home 
OTC COVID-19 Test, which received EUA late in the first quarter of 
2021. This sudden and sustained demand for at-home testing in the 
quarter resulted in a shift in SARS product mix relative to the third 
quarter of 2020, when we were only authorized to sell Sofia SARS 
antigen tests in the professional segment.  In effect, we went from 
selling Sofia rapid antigen tests in the professional segment at a higher 
price point of about $18 per test, to selling them in the professional 
segment for about $13 per test and selling QuickVue tests to 
pharmacies, schools, employers, and government agencies, averaging 
approximately $6 per test.  Total SARS revenue in the quarter from all 
products was $402.6 million as compared to $375.7 million in the third 
quarter of last year, a growth of 7% year-over-year.  In total, we sold 
over 45 million COVID tests in the third quarter of 2021 - 24.4 million of 
QuickVue, 16.4 million of Sofia and 4.1 million of all other tests.  
 
 
15 
Influenza revenue in the quarter was $13.8 million versus $9.0 million in 
the third quarter of last year.  Included in the influenza revenue number 
for the quarter was $4.3 million in Sofia ABC revenue.  This combo 
product was not yet available in the third quarter of 2020.  As we 
mentioned last quarter, we will be reporting the Sofia ABC revenue 
together with the flu revenue moving forward.   
 
Rapid Immunoassay revenues were $378.7 million in the third quarter of 
2021, showing growth of 12% from the third quarter of 2020.  Within this 
category, Sofia products were $240.3 million, of which $221.4 million 
were attributable to the Sofia SARS antigen tests.  QuickVue product 
revenue in the third quarter of 2021 was $137.5 million, of which $131.4 
million were attributable to the QuickVue SARS tests. 
 
Inventory at distribution for our non-COVID products is low: flu, strep 
and RSV inventory was 35% below the same time last year.  QuickVue 
and Sofia COVID tests at distribution were estimated at approximately 3 
weeks demand as we entered the fourth quarter of 2021.   
 
For the Cardiometabolic Immunoassay business, revenue was $64.8 
million in the third quarter of 2021, split, $30.3 million from the Triage 
business, and $34.5 million from the Beckman BNP business.  With 
 
16 
respect to Triage, the U.S. and Europe realized good growth while 
China realized a year over year decline due to continued shipping and 
supply chain constraints.  For the Beckman BNP business, the $34.5 
million in revenue included approximately an $8.4 million payment 
related to the agreement entered into in July of this year.  More on this 
topic shortly. 
 
Revenue in the Specialized Diagnostic Solutions category increased 2% 
to $11.4 million, driven by an increase in sales of our Complement 
products.  
 
Our Molecular Diagnostic Solutions revenue was $54.8 million in the 
third quarter of 2021, as we continue to realize continued demand for 
the Lyra SARS-CoV-2 products, which constituted $43.5 million of the 
total.  Solana
® revenues grew to $10.2 million in the third quarter of 
2021, due to the incremental revenue from SARS-CoV-2 assays.   
 
Gross profit in the third quarter of 2021 decreased to $373.4 million, and 
gross margin was 73% of revenue for the three months ended 
September 30, 2021.  This compares to gross profit of $383.6 million, 
and 81% gross margin for the three months ended September 30, 2020.  
The decreased gross profit and gross margin were driven by a shift in 
 
17 
product mix - from selling primarily Sofia SARS in the professional 
segment, to selling large volumes of less profitable QuickVue COVID-19 
tests.   
 
On the spend side of the business, we continue to invest in R&D, 
specifically our Savanna platform.  We are also spending in support of 
our longer-term initiatives, such as new Sofia assays that can leverage 
our large installed base of instruments and new markets, next-
generation platforms and Sofia Q, to name a few.  In the third quarter of 
2021, R&D expense was $23.7 million, a large portion of which was 
focused on Savanna instrument and cartridge development.  For the full 
year, we're still expecting R&D expense to be approximately $100 
million. 
 
 
Sales and marketing expense for the third quarter of 2021 increased to 
$46.8 million, with the biggest driver being higher marketing and 
advertising spend associated with the launch of our QuickVue At-Home 
OTC COVID-19 Test.  We also had increased freight expense as well as 
higher compensation costs driven by increased headcount and 
improved performance during the quarter.  We will continue to invest in 
sales and marketing as we develop more strategic partnerships and 
increase marketing dollars in support of our broad product portfolio, as 
 
18 
well as promoting other markets that can significantly broaden our 
customer base.  
 
G&A expense in the third quarter of 2021 increased by $4.7 million to 
$21.1 million, due to increased IT spend and higher compensation costs 
associated with an increased headcount as we continue to support the 
overall growth of the business. We expect G&A expense for the year to 
be approximately $85 million.  
 
As it relates to the provision for income taxes for the third quarter of 
2021, we recorded $65.7 million in income tax expense resulting in an 
effective tax rate of 23%.  The tax provision was primarily impacted by 
higher pre-tax earnings for the quarter relative to the anticipated annual 
pre-tax earnings. We are currently estimating a full year effective tax 
rate of 22% for 2021, excluding any potential impact of legislation, which 
remains uncertain. 
 
As of the end of September 2021, we had $578.4 million in cash and 
cash equivalents.  Year to date, the company invested $223.5 million in 
capital expenditures, including the purchase of a third party's interest in 
our McKellar facility for $28.9 million.  The McKellar facility is 
strategically important to us as we invested heavily in automation, such 
 
19 
that by the end of this year, we expect a manufacturing capacity of 20 
million Sofia tests per month.  For the full year, we are expecting to 
spend approximately $270.0 million on Capex, net of the NIH-RADx 
reimbursement.  We expect to exit the year with a year-end cash 
balance in excess of $800 million.
 
 
Relating to our Cardiometabolic business, in July 2021, we announced 
an agreement with Beckman Coulter on the BNP business and to settle 
outstanding litigation claims.  I'd like to make a brief comment for 
modeling purposes.  As consideration for the new agreement, Quidel will 
receive for calendar years 2022 through 2029 annual payments 
between $70 million and $75 million, dependent on sales volume of 
Beckman BNP assays.  Such minimum and maximum payments will be 
pro-rated for 2021.  The minimum payment is not dependent on sales of 
the Beckman assays.  Quidel will continue to provide Beckman services 
in connection with the BNP business, including continued supply to 
Beckman of the Quidel antibody used in the manufacture of the BNP 
assay.  The payments under the Master Agreement are expected to be 
EPS and cash flow neutral to the existing supply agreement through 
2029.  Quidel’s reported EBITDA under the Master Agreement is 
expected to be similar to the EBITDA derived from the Beckman BNP 
business prior to entry into the Master Agreement.  The Beckman 
 
20 
payments will be recorded as Cardiometabolic revenue in Quidel’s 
financial statements.  
 
And with that, we conclude our formal comments for today.  Operator, 
we are now ready to open the call for questions.  
 
Q&A 
 
OPERATOR 
That is all the time we have today.  Please proceed with your 
presentation or any closing remarks.  
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thanks everyone for your support and for your interest in Quidel.  We 
had an excellent third quarter 2021 and we believe we're in good shape 
to achieve our growth objectives over the next few years.  Thanks again 
for being on the call.   
 
OPERATOR 
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation, and ask that 
you please disconnect your lines.  Goodbye. 
 