 
1 
 
 
 
          
 
QUIDEL FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2019 
CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT 
 Wednesday, February 12, 2020 
2:00 p.m. PT/ 5:00 p.m. ET 
 
 
 
 
OPERATOR: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. 
 
Welcome to the Quidel Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 
earnings conference call.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only 
mode.  Later, instructions will be given for the question-and-answer 
session.  If anyone has difficulty hearing the conference, please press 
*0 for operator assistance. 
 
I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ruben Argueta, Quidel’s Director 
of Investor Relations.  Please go ahead. 
 

 
2 
 
Ruben Argueta 
Thank you, Operator.  Good afternoon everyone -- and thank you for 
joining today's call.  With me today is our president and chief executive 
officer, Doug Bryant, and Randy Steward, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Our fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings release is now available 
on ir.quidel.com, our Investor Relations website.  We will also post our 
prepared remarks on the Presentations tab of our IR website following 
the conclusion of this call, on February 12th, for a period of 24 hours. 
 
Please note that this conference call will include forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of Federal securities laws.  It is possible 
that actual results and performance could differ significantly from these 
stated expectations.  For a discussion of risk factors, please review 
Quidel’s annual report on Form 10-K, registration statements and 
subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC. 
 
Furthermore, this conference call contains time-sensitive information 
that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, February 12, 
2020.  Quidel undertakes no obligation to revise or update any 
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this 
conference call, except as required by law. 
 
3 
 
Today, Quidel released financial results for the three months and full 
year ended December 31, 2019.  If you have not received our news 
release, or if you would like to be added to the company's distribution 
list, please contact me at 858-646-8023. 
 
Following Doug's comments, Randy will briefly discuss our financial 
results.  Then, we’ll open the call to your questions. 
 
I’ll now hand the call over to Doug for his comments. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thank you Ruben, and good afternoon everyone. 
 
As I reported at a recent healthcare conference, we were expecting 
strong fourth quarter revenue, so there’s no surprise.  At $152.2 million, 
we were just slightly ahead of the $151 to $152 million that we had 
suggested.  The strength was driven by an early start to the influenza 
season, in which very unusually, Flu B was the dominant strain.  And 
now, as you know, we’re in the middle of an influenza A epidemic across 
most of the United States.  Sofia and Solana Q4 revenues were 
favorably affected, of course, but we also saw a pick-up in QuickVue 
revenue as customers who may have purchased generic flu tests in the 
 
4 
past because of price returned to our QuickVue brand because of ease-
of-use factors, and the importance of a shorter turnaround time when 
patient volumes are high.  For many of our larger multi-site customers, 
our proven ability to scale during an epidemic, leveraging our supply 
chain to manufacture millions more flu tests when needed, has also 
been a compelling reason to switch back to QuickVue.  Molecular 
product revenue, which was also helped by the early start to the 
influenza season, was up 21% to $7.1 million.  Cardiometabolic revenue 
contributed to the strong quarter as well, up 5% on both an actual and a 
constant currency basis, as the unfavorable foreign exchange impact 
that we saw in the first three quarters was largely mitigated in the fourth. 
 
For the year overall, revenues were roughly $535 million, in line with our 
expectations for 2019 despite soft influenza revenue in Q1 and the 
delay in regulatory clearance for the new Triage Toxicology 
panel.  Equally important, we had a number of operational 
accomplishments in the year.  The global integration of the Triage 
businesses was completed in November, delivering $20 million in 
annual synergies, which was ahead of our plan.  We reduced our debt 
by another $98.6 million, also a little earlier than we had expected.  The 
R&D, Clin/Reg, and Instrument Systems Development teams made 
significant progress in 2019 as well.  All of the twenty or so R&D 
 
5 
projects that we are working on are important, and I’ll be happy to 
discuss any of them as you like during the Q&A, but I want to mention 
three.  First, the Savanna cross functional product development team 
did achieve a couple critical milestones.  One, the first six assay panels 
that were previously discussed in our presentations are complete.  I can 
review those again if you want, but there’s no change at this point to our 
initial menu strategy.  And two, the cartridge design was finalized and 
cartridges are now being manufactured, clearing the way for the 
integration of assays and cartridges with the instrument, which is 
currently in development.  Second, Sniffles, our next generation Sofia 
platform, is still on track for US clinical trials during the respiratory 
season next winter.  And third, we’re expecting the publication of the 
APACE study data that demonstrates the excellent performance of 
Triage High Sensitivity Troponin in a major cardiology journal any week 
now, and hope to finalize our US clinical trial design for the product this 
spring. 
 
Moving forward to 2020, we expect increasing efficiency and 
productivity of the sales and marketing teams globally, leveraging key 
account and distributor relationships to sell an increasingly broader 
product offering.  While we expect to continue promoting our flagship 
products, and believe that there is still more share to be gained, in 2020 
 
6 
we are counting on seeing traction and getting help from the newer 
products, Sofia Lyme, Triage Toxicology, high sense Troponin in Europe, 
Triage PlGF, and the new Sofia GI products.  These products should 
account for about $10 million in incremental revenue. 
 
Before turning it over to Randy to review financial detail for last quarter 
and the year, I should make a brief comment on the potential impact of 
the novel Coronavirus in China.  Most important, none of the numerous 
employees we have in China has been ill, and none of several 
employees returning from trips to China has been ill.  Routine trips to 
China, like my own, have been postponed until the spring.  Shipments 
of our products this quarter have been received by our re-packer and 
distribution, and we have additional product in China that cleared 
customs this morning.  If there is a risk to our ability to ship and 
recognize revenue this quarter, it would be in the next shipment.  If for 
some reason there were a problem, and we would be unable to ship, 
our total downside risk for the quarter would be about $5 million. 
 
And with that I will summarize by saying that Q4 was really good, 2019 
was fine -- in line with expectations -- and we’re really looking forward to 
2020 on a number of fronts.  Camaraderie in this company is terrific, 
and the morale and happiness of our employees has never been 
 
7 
higher.  Quidel has truly become a great place to be and the recruiting 
of extraordinary talent from the outside has become increasingly easier. 
 
Randy? 
 
RANDY STEWARD 
Fourth Quarter Financial Results 
Thank you, Doug. Good afternoon everyone.  As we reported earlier 
today, total revenues for the fourth quarter of 2019 were $152.2 million 
dollars, as compared to $132.6 million dollars in the fourth quarter of 
2018.  The 15% increase came from revenue growth across all four 
major categories.  We realized a 29% increase in Rapid Immunoassay 
revenue, a 5% growth in Cardiac Immunoassay revenue, 21% growth in 
Molecular Diagnostic Solutions revenue, and 7% growth from 
Specialized Diagnostic Solutions.  In the quarter, there was not a 
significant foreign currency impact. 
 
For the Cardiac Immunoassay business, revenue was $65.8 million 
dollars, a growth of 5% in the fourth quarter of 2019. Of the $65.8 million 
dollars in Cardiac revenue, $33.6 million dollars were derived from the 
Triage business, and $32.2 million dollars from the Beckman BNP 
business.  We placed an incremental 292 Triage MeterPro instruments 
 
8 
in the quarter, as we continue to close smaller volume accounts on the 
Triage side of the business to offset lost customers to the higher volume 
multiplex systems. 
 
Cardiac Immunoassay realized revenue growth in all major 
geographies: North America increased 5%, China increased 6%, and 
EMEA grew 3%.  North America and China realized growth on the 
Beckman BNP side, somewhat offset by declines in the Triage business. 
EMEA realized strong growth in Triage, somewhat offset by declines in 
Beckman BNP. 
 
For the year, on an as-reported basis, Cardiac Immunoassay revenue 
was $266.5 million dollars, equal to last year.  On a constant currency 
basis, Cardiac Immunoassay revenue grew by 2% over the prior year.  
Of the $266.5 million dollars in Cardiac revenue, total Triage business 
revenue was  $139.9 million dollars, a decrease of 6%, and the 
Beckman BNP revenue was $126.6 million dollars, an increase of 7%.  
From a geographic perspective, for the full year, Cardiac revenue in 
North America was $137.3 million dollars, China was $61.4 million 
dollars, and EMEA was $43.7 million dollars. 
 
 
9 
Rapid Immunoassay product revenues increased 29% to $64.9 million 
dollars in the fourth quarter of 2019 as compared to $50.4 million dollars 
in the previous year.  Within this category, Sofia products grew 38 
percent from the fourth quarter of 2018 to $46.6 million dollars, while  
QuickVue product revenues increased 11% to $17.1 million dollars, 
driven by Influenza. 
 
Total Influenza revenue, which includes rapid immunoassay, DHI 
respiratory and molecular diagnostics, grew 44% in the quarter to $50.3 
million dollars.  The Influenza rapid immunoassay revenue was $45.0 
million dollars, with approximately 83% of the revenue derived from the 
Sofia platform.  Total Strep revenue was up 1% and RSV was up 29%. 
 
Revenue in the Specialized Diagnostic Solutions category increased 7% 
in the fourth quarter to $14.3 million dollars, driven by a 42% increase in 
respiratory-related DHI revenues as well as a 4% increase in our 
Specialty microtiter business. 
 
Our Molecular Diagnostic Solutions category increased 21 percent in 
the quarter to $7.1 million dollars due to a 29% revenue growth in 
Solana.  We continue to see strong growth from our Solana platform, 
specifically with the Strep A and Influenza product lines driven by the 
 
10 
severe and earlier than typical influenza season.  We are seeing strong 
growth from our Solana C. difficile and HSV/VZV products. 
 
For the year, our Molecular franchise grew by 12%, driven by 25% 
growth from Solana.  We believe that there is continued strong demand 
for the Solana platform, and that Solana will continue to be the driver of 
molecular growth going forward, driven by incremental Solana 
instrument placements and increased assay utilization. 
 
Gross Profit in the fourth quarter of 2019 increased $12.7 million dollars 
to $94.8 million dollars, primarily driven by improved product mix and 
higher revenue in the quarter.  Gross profit margin in the fourth quarter 
of 2019 was slightly improved at 62.3%.  For the full year, we achieved 
GAAP gross margin of 60% - a performance on par with last year.  
Excluding intangibles, gross profit margin for the full year was 61%, with 
the breakdown as follows: the legacy Quidel business gross margin was 
66%, the Triage gross margin was 51%, and the Beckman BNP 
business gross margin was 63%. 
 
R&D expense increased by $2.3 million dollars in the fourth quarter as 
compared to the same period of 2018.  This increase is due to greater 
investments made on new product platforms, including Savanna.  We 
 
11 
expect that our R&D expense in 2020 should be equal to, or slightly 
higher than 2019, and will be in the range of $53 million to $56 million 
dollars. 
 
Sales and Marketing expense in the fourth quarter of 2019 increased by 
$1.6 million dollars as compared to the same period last year, due to 
increased spend on expanding our international sales organization, 
product promotion costs, and higher freight costs, offset by lower 
transition service fees, as we have completed the globalization of our 
commercial team.  For the full year 2020, we expect Sales and 
Marketing expense to be between the range of 20% - 21% of revenue. 
 
G&A expense increased by $2.0 million dollars in the quarter, primarily 
due to higher facility costs and Information Technology spend, offset by 
lower fees for professional services.  We expect G&A expenses to be 
between $55 million and $60 million dollars for the full year 2020. 
 
As it relates to the provision for income taxes, the full year 2019 
effective tax rate was 5.5%.  This 2019 overall tax provision rate 
includes beneficial impacts from equity compensation that occurred 
during the year and from the generation of Federal & state research 
credits.  In 2018, the Company had the one-time impact of releasing 
 
12 
$13.4 million of its valuation allowance against its net deferred tax asset 
balance as it became more likely than not that these deferred tax assets 
will be utilized before they expire.  As a result, we recorded an income 
tax benefit of $10.8 million for fiscal year 2018.  Due to the uncertainty 
of the beneficial impact from equity compensation, we expect the 2020 
effective tax rate to be in the range of 19% - 21% of pre-tax income. 
 
 
For the full year, we achieved net income of $72.9 million, GAAP EPS of 
$1.78, and non-GAAP EPS of $2.97, a very rewarding year. 
 
As we've said since our analyst day in 2018, an important part of our 
capital deployment strategy has been to aggressively de-lever the 
business.  In 2019, we continued to execute on that strategy by 
accelerating our debt reduction through opportunistic convertible bond 
exchanges and utilizing our excess cash to reduce the balance on our 
Revolving Credit Facility.  As of today, we have completely paid off the 
remaining balance on the Revolving Credit Facility, have only $13 
million remaining in Convertible Bond Debt, which matures this 
December 2020, and plan to make our third $48 million payment to 
Abbott in April.  From a balance sheet perspective, our company is well 
 
13 
positioned for M&A, licensing or other partnership opportunities in 
support of our longer-term growth objectives. 
 
And with that, we conclude our formal comments for today.  Operator, 
we are now ready to open the call for questions. 
 
Q&A 
 
OPERATOR 
That is all the time we have today.  Please proceed with your 
presentation or any closing remarks. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thanks everyone for your support and for your interest in Quidel.  We 
had a great year, and we’re in terrific shape to achieve our growth 
objectives over the next few years.  Thanks again for being on the call. 
 
OPERATOR 
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation, and ask that 
you please disconnect your lines.  Goodbye. 
 