 
1 
 
 
 
           
 
QUIDEL FIRST QUARTER 2021  
CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT 
 Thursday, May 6, 2021  
2:00 p.m. PT/ 5:00 p.m. ET 
 
 
FINAL 
 
 
OPERATOR: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. 
 
Welcome to the Quidel Corporation First Quarter 2021 earnings 
conference call.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode.  
Later, instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session.  If 
anyone has difficulty hearing the conference, please press *0 for 
operator assistance. 
 
I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ruben Argueta, Quidel’s Director 
of Investor Relations.  Please go ahead. 

 
2 
 
 
Ruben Argueta 
Thank you, Operator.  Good afternoon everyone -- and thank you for 
joining today's call.  With me today is our president and Chief Executive 
Officer, Doug Bryant, and Randy Steward, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Our first quarter 2021 earnings release is now available on 
ir.quidel.com, our Investor Relations website.  We will also post our 
prepared remarks on the Presentations tab of our IR website following 
the conclusion of this call, on May 6th, for a period of 24 hours. 
 
Please note that this conference call will include forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of Federal securities laws.  Forward-
looking statements, by their nature involve material risks, assumptions 
and uncertainties.  In particular, our expectations and assumptions 
around the COVID-19 pandemic impact and response on our business, 
results of operations and financial condition and that of our suppliers, 
customers and other business partners are highly uncertain, 
continuously evolving, and unpredictable.  Many possible events or 
factors could affect our future financial results and performance, such 
that our actual results and performance may differ materially from those 
in the forward-looking statements.  For a discussion of such factors, 
 
3 
please review Quidel’s most recent annual report on Form 10-K, 
including the section titled “Risk factors”, registration statements and 
subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC. 
 
Furthermore, this conference call contains time-sensitive information 
that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 6, 2021.  
Quidel undertakes no obligation to revise or update any statements to 
reflect events or circumstances after the date of this conference call, 
except as required by law. 
 
Today, Quidel released financial results for the three months ended 
March 31, 2021.  If you have not received our news release, or if you 
would like to be added to the company's distribution list, please contact 
me at 858-646-8023. 
 
Following Doug's comments, Randy will briefly discuss our financial 
results.  Then, we’ll open the call to take your questions. 
 
I’ll now hand the call over to Doug for his comments. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
 
4 
Thank you Ruben, and good afternoon everyone.  Thank you all for 
being with us.  I know it’s quite late for many of you, but your time and 
interest in our company are appreciated. 
 
As you saw in our press release, our first quarter 2021 results showcase 
a very strong performance, execution, and capital discipline of our 
Quidel Team.  We delivered a 115% increase in revenue, a 163% 
increase in gross profit and an approximately 340% increase in net 
income and earnings per share, compared with the same period a year 
ago.   
 
We achieved this growth while simultaneously launching new products 
expected to have high-impact (like our QuickVue At-Home OTC rapid 
antigen test, and Solana SARS CoV-2 Assay), completing the 
construction of a new distribution center, continuing to establish our new 
manufacturing facility in Carlsbad, managing a challenging supply chain, 
negotiating regulatory clearances, and advancing innovative new 
product platforms that will give us the foundation to capitalize on mass-
market opportunities that will serve Quidel well into 2021 and beyond. 
 
These results would not be possible without the extraordinary vision, 
talent, commitment, and grit of the entire Quidel Team. We see it every 
 
5 
day in our labs, manufacturing facilities, and packaging operations, as 
well as across our strategic and specialty teams – from Regulatory and 
Quality to HR, Marketing and Emerging Markets.  Everyone is stepping 
up big to take on the unique challenges brought on by the global 
pandemic.   
 
While doing our part in the fight against COVID has remained a top 
priority for us, we have also undergone a significant transformation as a 
company over the last several years centered on the belief that what we 
do empowers others to take charge of their personal health and well-
being.  In doing so, our customers can pay it forward by taking prudent 
steps to protect their families, coworkers, and communities.  That is the 
diagnostics-based force multiplier that is helping to contain the 
pandemic.  
 
The breakthrough products we have introduced are meeting society’s 
needs thanks to our R&D and innovation teams. As a result, we have 
several other strategic growth drivers worth noting:   
 
As most of you know, we are poised to introduce Savanna®, a multiplex 
molecular analyzer that enables professional customers to analyze up to 
12 pathogens or targets, plus controls, in a single assay run in under 25 
 
6 
minutes, and built on our proven, robust real time PCR techniques.  
Given an ingenious combination of many unique factors, we managed to 
achieve superior and differentiating performance for turnaround time, 
simplicity, ease-of-use, modularity and versatility of the platform.  This 
revolutionary Savanna technology promises to disrupt and decentralize 
multiplex molecular testing, extending “big iron” centralized lab 
capabilities to moderately complex labs, regional hospitals, and 
potentially physician offices, urgent care clinics and other point-of-care 
settings.  Feedback from customers has been tremendous.  We have 
submitted our first Savanna 4-analyte respiratory panel to the FDA 
recently and we expect to submit our first 510(k) package for the 
Savanna platform in the back half of this year.  
 
Regarding Cardiometabolic product development, we began U.S. 
clinical trials in April for Triage hsTroponin and expect to submit a de 
novo 510(k) for PlGF, placental growth factor, this quarter.  
 
Very soon, we look forward to introducing our long-awaited Sofia® 2 
Coronavirus Antibody Test (or as it will be more properly known, “the 
Sofia® 2 SARS-CoV-2 Antibody IgG FIA”). Our proprietary technology 
employs immunofluorescence for the rapid qualitative and differential 
detection of human IgG antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 nucleocapsid protein 
 
7 
(N), Spike Protein 1 (S1), and Spike Protein 2 (S2) from fingerstick 
whole blood, venous whole blood, and serum and plasma specimens 
from patients suspected of COVID-19 exposure. Our Sofia 2 analyzer 
instrument also reports semi-quantitative signal-to-cutoff (S/CO) values 
for antibodies to each protein, which is an indicator of antibody titers - or 
levels - in the body. That’s the technical side of the story, but the use 
case is far more understandable and compelling. Patients who 
experienced COVID-like symptoms before PCR and antigen tests were 
widely available, want to know two things: did they have COVID, and do 
they have antibodies against future infections? Our COVID blood test 
detects antibodies to three distinct parts of the virus along with the 
individual’s degree of active immune reaction to COVID-19. The test can 
also be used to confirm a vaccinated patient’s passive immune reaction 
by detecting antibodies to Spike 1, which is the single target protein for 
current COVID-19 vaccines. We plan to submit to the FDA an EUA 
packet imminently and believe that access to this antibody test will bring 
peace of mind to countless people with pressing concerns about their 
immunity or vulnerability to COVID-19 infection. We are already getting 
calls from urgent care and medical practices with patients asking for the 
test. 
 
 
8 
Also in the coming months, we look forward to introducing our compact 
and competitively priced Sofia Q analyzers, which should accelerate 
and amplify Sofia platform penetration across traditional point-of-care 
outlets and, ultimately, reach the over-the-counter market. 
 
During the first quarter, we also focused on portfolio and channel 
expansions to enable Quidel to enter new markets, which we expect to 
be significant drivers of market demand and revenues going forward. 
Several of these opportunities have been secured and are beginning to 
take shape in the second quarter.  
 
Perhaps the most significant inflection point for our company came on 
the final day of the first quarter, when we received EUA from the FDA for 
nonprescription use of our QuickVue® At-Home OTC COVID-19 Test for 
pre-symptomatic and asymptomatic screening through serial testing.  
This over-the counter sales authorization and embrace of frequent 
testing represents a sea-change for viral diagnostics regulation that is 
already generating a wave of demand for at-home testing and testing for 
re-opening at schools, workplaces, and entertainment sites.  
 
The next day, which was the first day of our second quarter (for those of 
you keeping score), we received an EUA for serial screening with our 
 
9 
Sofia SARS product. This clearance for objective, observed screening 
provides employers, sports leagues, and countless other commercial 
operations with a means to give their employees and patrons greater 
peace of mind when returning to commercial workplaces and venues, 
with assurance of compliance with FDA and CDC guidelines.  
 
Both the QuickVue OTC and the Sofia® screening EUAs are truly path-
breaking regulatory developments that overcome significant barriers to 
both market adoption and the benefits that flow from frequent antigen 
testing.  
 
The potential implications of this regulatory shift extend well beyond the 
immediate addressable markets for OTC at-home and re-opening 
testing at schools, workplaces and entertainment sites.  We see 
tremendous opportunities ahead to leverage our rapidly expanding 
installed base of 70,000 Sofia analyzers along with the exponential rise 
of telemedicine to drive sales of our full array of Sofia assays for flu, 
Strep, Lyme disease, and a host of other conditions. Similarly, we 
believe broad consumer adoption of our QuickVue At-Home tests could 
open the door to OTC approvals for at-home use of several of our other 
diagnostic products and platforms.  
 
 
10 
Quidel is determined to capture significant share in these newly 
addressable markets through our strategic partnerships with global 
distribution and retail leaders including McKesson and Walgreens.  We 
believe that these partnerships could be significant and helpful in driving 
brand awareness as well as significant retail scale.  
 
• For example, our partnership with McKesson enables us to 
continue to supply our existing customers in the professional 
segment while at the same time reaching significant new markets 
such as retail, testing for reopening schools, and for health 
departments, employers, entertainment centers, and many other 
locations. Our agreement with McKesson will provide us with 
access to multiple retailers and its Health Mart franchise, allowing 
Quidel access to a network of over 5,000 independent 
pharmacies. Finally, McKesson will provide us with the ability to 
rapidly introduce products across multiple e-commerce sites, such 
as Amazon, eBay, and Simply Medical.  
 
• Our partnership with Walgreens will allow us to sell our QuickVue 
At Home OTC COVID-19 Test to consumers at any of the more 
than 7,600 Walgreens locations in the U.S. and Puerto Rico, or at 
 
11 
walgreens.com, further enabling consumers to take charge of 
their own health. 
 
These important and significant partnerships will give us unprecedented 
exposure to the OTC segment as well as fulfillment pathways to serve 
employer groups that are seeking to bring employees back to offices 
and worksites.  
 
We are extremely proud of these new partnerships and the promise they 
hold for democratizing access to our innovative rapid antigen tests for 
the well-being of families, workplaces, and communities everywhere. 
 
As we look at the second quarter, in the month of April we realized the 
same demand for our Professional COVID tests as we did in February 
and March.  For May and June, we anticipate some reordering of our 
professional COVID tests, and expect accelerating demand for our 
QuickVue At Home OTC test aided by our key strategic partnerships.  
Moving forward, we see increasing revenue opportunities tied to at-
home and on-site testing of asymptomatic individuals in support of back 
to school and work initiatives, but it's still very early.  
 
 
12 
In summary, we have a powerful mix of products, partnerships, and 
macroeconomic trends. COVID-19 testing, which represents a 
significant component to our near term growth strategy, is just one 
aspect of the long runway ahead of us. While it’s hard to model with any 
certainty the effect that COVID will have on our business, we are 
confident that there are three macro trends– symptomatic testing, 
asymptomatic screening, and at-home testing – that could prove to be 
material to both market demand and our revenue growth going forward.  
 
These innovative products, combined with the gateways they provide for 
our broader portfolio of diagnostic assays, pave a long, exciting 
roadmap for our continued growth and success as we advance 
diagnostics to improve human health.  That's our value proposition.  
While we understand that we will report revenue and margin each 
quarter and, to a certain extent, be valued based on short term 
performance, the longer term value of our company is far greater.   
 
Randy? 
 
RANDY STEWARD 
First Quarter Financial Results 
 
13 
Thank you, Doug. Good afternoon everyone.  As Doug stated, we saw 
very strong year over year growth in the first quarter.  We continued to 
make significant progress to develop, introduce and scale new COVID-
19 assays, as well as progress on our longer-term goals and strategy, 
which involve the rest of our product portfolio.  
 
As reported, total revenues for the first quarter of 2021 were $375.3 
million dollars, compared to $174.7 million dollars in the first quarter of 
2020.  The 115% increase in revenue was driven by significant growth in 
our Rapid Immunoassay and Molecular categories, due to strong 
demand for our rapid antigen and PCR COVID-19 diagnostic products, 
and to a lesser extent, demand for our Solana isothermal molecular 
products.  In the quarter, we also saw solid growth from our 
Cardiometabolic line, while our Specialized Diagnostic Solutions product 
category saw modest declines.  Foreign currency had a positive impact 
of $2.1 million dollars in the quarter.  
 
It is interesting to note that, for the first time in 10 years, the CDC's ILI 
data never crossed the 2% threshold for percent positive cases, 
illustrating the fact that there effectively was no influenza season.  Our 
"all in" flu revenue for the quarter was $5.2 million compared to $79.6 
million in the first quarter of last year.  
 
14 
 
Rapid Immunoassay product revenues increased $141.7 million dollars 
to $237.7 million dollars in the first quarter of 2021.  Within this category, 
Sofia products grew $156.4 million dollars, or 240%, to $221.6 million 
dollars, of which $212.1 million dollars were attributed to Sofia SARS 
Antigen sales.  Of the $15.0 million dollars in QuickVue product revenue 
in the quarter, $12.4 million dollars were attributable to the QuickVue 
SARS test.  As a reminder, we did not receive the EUA for our QuickVue 
At Home OTC COVID-19 Test until March 31st.   
 
For the Cardiometabolic Immunoassay business, revenue was $66.6 
million dollars, a 23% increase from the first quarter of 2020.  This is our 
second consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth for our 
cardiometabolic segment, demonstrating a return to pre-COVID levels, 
as we continue to see strong performance from both our Triage and 
Beckman BNP global businesses.  Of the $66.6 million dollars in 
Cardiometabolic revenue in the first quarter, $33.0 million dollars came 
from the Triage business, and $33.5 million dollars came from the 
Beckman BNP business.  On both the Triage and Beckman BNP sides, 
year-over-year growth came from all geographies. 
 
 
15 
Revenue in the Specialized Diagnostic Solutions category decreased  
$5.6 million dollars in the first quarter to $10.9 million dollars, driven by a 
decline in sales in our respiratory products from our cell culture 
business, the result of very little non-COVID respiratory disease.  
 
Our Molecular Diagnostic Solutions category increased $51.9 million 
dollars in the quarter to $60.3 million dollars, driven by $51.6 million 
dollars in sales of our Lyra SARS-CoV-2 products.  Solana revenues 
grew 11% to $7.1 million in the quarter.  Solana SARS-CoV-2 assay 
generated $4.2 million dollars of the $7.1 million dollars in the quarter.  
This was below our internal estimates due to the late EUA approval for 
the product, resulting in it being a late entrant into the market.  
 
Gross Profit in the first quarter of 2021 increased $187.0 million dollars 
to $302.0 million dollars, and gross profit margin was 80%.  Margin 
improvement was driven by the demand for the SARS-CoV-2 assays, 
which drove favorable product mix.  The sequential decrease versus 
fourth quarter 2020 was also due to product mix, with less SARS-CoV 
product sales.  
 
As it relates to operating expenses, we continue to invest in R&D, with 
the goal of launching our Savanna platform, and advancing on our 
 
16 
longer-term initiatives, new Sofia assays that can leverage our large 
installed base of instruments, next generation platforms like Sofia Q, 
and other exciting technologies.  We will also continue to invest in Sales 
& Marketing as we develop more partnerships and expand sales 
promotions and marketing dollars in new markets such as at-home 
testing, OTC, and other markets that can significantly broaden our 
customer base.   
 
As it relates to the provision for income taxes for the quarter, we 
recorded $44 million in income tax expense resulting in an effective tax 
rate of 20%.  Tax benefits from excess stock-based compensation 
affected our effective tax rate in the quarter by approximately 3 
percentage points.  We are currently estimating a full year effective tax 
rate between 22% - 23% for 2021, excluding any potential impact of 
legislation, which remains uncertain.   
 
As of the end of March, we had $981.1 million in cash and cash 
equivalents.  During the first quarter, we generated $585.5 million in 
cash flow from operations.  In the quarter, the company also invested 
$64.6 million in capital expenditures. 
 
 
17 
Relating to capital deployment in April, we made our annual $48 million-
dollar payment to Abbott for the Alere assets, and have a remaining 
balance of only $88 million dollars on our Deferred Consideration to be 
paid over the next 2 years.  For the remainder of the year, we plan on 
spending approximately $200 million in support of our Savanna 
cartridge manufacturing, increased capacity for our immunoassay 
products, and upgrading our overall information systems.  
 
And with that, we conclude our formal comments for today.  Operator, 
we are now ready to open the call for questions.  
 
Q&A 
 
OPERATOR 
That is all the time we have today.  Please proceed with your 
presentation or any closing remarks.  
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thanks everyone for your support and for your interest in Quidel.  We 
had an excellent first quarter, and we're in good shape to achieve our 
growth objectives over the next few years.  Thanks again for being on 
the call.   
 
18 
 
OPERATOR 
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation, and ask that 
you please disconnect your lines.  Goodbye. 
 