 
1 
 
 
 
           
 
QUIDEL FOURTH QUARTER 2020  
CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT 
 Thursday, February 18, 2021  
2:00 p.m. PT/ 5:00 p.m. ET 
 
 
 
 
OPERATOR: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. 
 
Welcome to the Quidel Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 
earnings conference call.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only 
mode.  Later, instructions will be given for the question-and-answer 
session.  If anyone has difficulty hearing the conference, please press *0 
for operator assistance. 
 
I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ruben Argueta, Quidel’s Director 
of Investor Relations.  Please go ahead. 
 

 
2 
 
Ruben Argueta 
Thank you, Operator.  Good afternoon everyone -- and thank you for 
joining today's call.  With me today is our president and Chief Executive 
Officer, Doug Bryant, and Randy Steward, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Our fiscal fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings release is now 
available on ir.quidel.com, our Investor Relations website.  We will also 
post our prepared remarks on the Presentations tab of our IR website 
following the conclusion of this call, on February 18th, for a period of 24 
hours. 
 
Please note that this conference call will include forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of Federal securities laws.  Forward-
looking statements by their nature involve material risks, assumptions 
and uncertainties.  In particular, our expectations and assumptions 
around the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results 
of operations and financial condition and that of our suppliers, 
customers and other business partners are uncertain and subject to 
change.  Many possible events or factors could affect our future 
financial results and performance, such that our actual results and 
performance may differ materially from those in the forward-looking 
statements.  For a discussion of such factors, please review Quidel’s 
 
3 
most recent annual report on Form 10-K, including the section titled 
“Risk factors”, registration statements and subsequent quarterly reports 
on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC. 
 
Furthermore, this conference call contains time-sensitive information 
that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, February 18, 
2021.  Quidel undertakes no obligation to revise or update any 
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this 
conference call, except as required by law. 
 
Today, Quidel released financial results for the three and twelve months 
ended December 31, 2020.  If you have not received our news release, 
or if you would like to be added to the company's distribution list, please 
contact me at 858-646-8023. 
 
Following Doug's comments, Randy will briefly discuss our financial 
results.  Then, we’ll open the call to take your questions. 
 
I’ll now hand the call over to Doug for his comments. 
 
DOUG BRYANT  
 
4 
Good afternoon everyone.  Thanks for joining us.  Given the many 
factors that are affecting our business, I will be brief so that we can 
address as many of your questions as we can during the hour. 
You’ve seen the numbers for the quarter, both revenue and margin, 
which speak for themselves.  We had a very good quarter, some might 
even say excellent.  Here are a few comments that may provide a bit 
more color.  
 
First, our Virena deidentified testing data that are collected in real time 
from a large and statistically significant set of the same Sofia 2 
analyzers reflected what we were all hearing in the news in terms of 
prevalence of COVID in the U.S.  July and August testing volumes in the 
professional, non-reference lab, non-government segments were stable, 
then they jumped sequentially in September and October, then peaked 
in November.  December’s testing volume was slightly higher than 
October, and January was slightly above September.  In other words, 
when graphed, the Virena testing data for the period from September 
through January are an almost perfectly symmetrical bell-shaped curve.  
As a result, shipments of Sofia SARS Ag into distribution and out-sales 
from distribution into hospitals, urgent care centers and other 
professional use settings spiked in the fourth quarter and were large.  
We kitted and shipped every Sofia SARS Antigen and combo test that 
 
5 
we manufactured; and, importantly we exited the year with unfilled 
orders. 
 
Second, while we gained clearance from the FDA to market Solana 
SARS and QuickVue SARS Antigen under an EUA, which is an 
accomplishment, approvals for both products came later than we had 
expected, and revenue for these products was well under what we had 
forecasted internally.  We manufactured and pouched several million 
QuickVue SARS Antigen tests but given constraints on kit components 
did not kit them, as we chose to fill Sofia orders instead. 
 
Third, at the request of many very large customers, and informed by 
experts in the epidemiology community of the potential for a perfect 
storm of influenza and COVID during the traditional respiratory season 
and the impact on an already burdened healthcare system, we built and 
shipped millions of Sofia SARS and flu combination assays, tests that 
were priced higher than the Sofia SARS-only tests.  This resulted in 
increased revenue and margin for the quarter, but not as much as we 
had initially forecasted internally.  As it became clear that ILI 
percentages were low, relative to previous years, we began to reduce 
the volume of combo manufactured to SARS-only.  For the quarter, the 
unit volume was approximately 37% combo and 63% SARS-only. 
 
6 
 
During the fourth quarter, the R&D and Regulatory teams performed 
extremely well.  With the Solana and QuickVue EUA clearances, our fifth 
and sixth, our Quidel scientists became the most prolific COVID 
diagnostic assay developers in our industry.  We made progress on our 
submissions for QuickVue SARS Antigen for both prescription use and 
OTC claims.  We expect to submit our Sofia fingerstick POC serology 
assay before the end of this quarter, and have begun a major vaccine 
study in which we are tracking semi-quantitative N, S1 and S2 
responses over time from subjects that have received COVID 19 
vaccines.  Sofia Q remains on track.  We validated our manufacturing 
processes for the instrument and will move to mass production this 
quarter, which will enable us to deliver as many as 100,000 instruments 
by the end of May.  Savanna, our rapid POC PCR instrument remains 
on track as well.  In fact, we began clinical trials in the U.S. for our RVP4 
assay and the instrument on Tuesday of this week.  And finally, we 
made steady progress with the Triage True, High Sensitivity Troponin 
assay, with the number of clinical sites that are ready to enroll patients 
increasing every week.  Overall, a great quarter for the R&D teams 
across the organization. 
 
 
7 
During the quarter our manufacturing and supply chain teams made 
great progress.  Line 7 is up and running and we can manufacture the 
Sofia cartridges that we had expected.  The number of tests we can kit 
each week has lagged our ability to make cartridges and depends on 
the availability of each of the kit components.  The variability in the 
number of kits shipped has narrowed, however, as we made progress in 
securing our supply chains. Overall, a great quarter for the Operations 
group. 
 
In summary, 2020 was a fantastic year for our company, and Q4 was 
phenomenal.  I could not be prouder of the entire organization for their 
resilience, and for having risen to the challenge of the COVID pandemic.  
Quidel was built for this sort of response, but we still had to execute – 
and execute we did. 
 
And now it’s 2021, and we still have lots of work to do.  I recognize that 
our investors would really like to be able to peg our performance for the 
year and for each quarter.  As much as I would like to be helpful, I’m not 
sure that we can provide anything further that would be precise enough 
to be helpful in your modeling.  But perhaps a listing of what’s known 
and unknown might be helpful.  Let’s start with what we know. 
 
 
8 
There was a testing spike tied to increased COVID prevalence that 
peaked in November.  Orders for our Sofia SARS product were placed, 
and distributors reacted by stocking up.  After the spike, testing in the 
professional segments resumed to where they were previously, 
concomitant to the reduction in COVID prevalence, to a level of demand 
that we were previously struggling to fulfill.  For the first time, we have 
modest inventory, but have significant interest from what we call New 
Markets, which include many categories like travel, entertainment, 
sports and dining.  From our Sofia launch in May through the fourth 
quarter we have been unable to begin to consider any of those 
opportunities.  We now have a decision to make regarding whether we 
can support some of these new market opportunities – or not, given our 
commitments to our current customers. 
 
We placed a significant number of Sofia instruments in the year and 
continue to ship at a high rate.  Each of the Sofia professional 
placements is on a multi-year contract with a claw-back provision.  A 
high percentage of the new placements are new Quidel customers; 
further, the new agreements very often include influenza, Strep A and 
RSV, which bodes well for us in the future. 
 
 
9 
It has been very cold across most of the country.  But no influenza of 
significance, and no recurring price lift due to sales of Sofia ABC 
Combo.  There is some inventory of Sofia SARS and Flu combo product 
at distribution and with customers.  The dating of our products is long, 
however, dramatically better than our competitors, which interestingly 
makes us a better value relative to lower price competitors.  Very little 
Sofia SARS product, only about 5%, has been shipped to federal or 
state stockpiling programs; therefore, our products have not really been 
stockpiled in a meaningful way. 
 
And here’s what we don’t know. 
How long will it stay cold, and what impact is the weather having on 
prevalence and demand for testing, and what orders will our distribution 
partners place each quarter, which is often driven by leading indicators 
like upticks in prevalence. 
 
How much longer will molecular companies and labs be able to rely on 
better sensitivity of PCR to delay the avalanche of rapid testing that the 
federal government is suggesting the country needs to get the economy 
back on track. 
 
 
10 
Whether the demand for COVID tests in new market segments, to 
include OTC, is as significant and sustainable as some are projecting.  
Or what pricing and margin will look like as the capacities of the larger 
manufacturers in our industry increase. 
 
How good we are, really.  Will we continue to execute at a high level in 
R&D and operations, and commercially, such that we continue to 
maintain a leadership position in the COVID-19 testing market?  
 
Clearly there is a lot to think about, and many variables that may make 
Quidel’s business unforecastable at any level of precision, although we 
will try to be helpful. 
 
And finally a comment about M&A.  The short answer is yes.  Yes, we 
continue to look at just about everything out there, most of which isn’t a 
good fit for us, and we move on.  But you should leave that to us to 
figure out, and in return I promise that we will not do anything stupid.  
We have a fantastic company and highly profitable business.  We have 
cash and easy access to capital but are not compelled to acquire 
anything that isn’t a great fit strategically.  Bold claims by new 
competitors can be fun.  And rumors can sometimes be fun, too.  But 
sometimes they can be annoying – and time consuming. 
 
11 
 
And on that very positive note, let me say again, we had a terrific year, 
and add that I think we are poised for another two or three great years in 
our future.  Prior to 2020, and to the COVID-19 pandemic, Quidel was 
already performing well, executing a strategy that we believed in and 
are firmly committed to.  Our strategic intent to leverage immunoassay 
and molecular technologies to bring testing closer to the patient — to 
democratize testing — remains unchanged.  Our ability to address the 
testing challenge presented by this pandemic will allow us to invest in 
the manufacturing capacity we will need in the future.  In effect, the 
COVID pandemic has given us the opportunity and the funds to 
accelerate, and in a way to de-risk the execution of our strategy.  
 
Randy? 
 
RANDY STEWARD 
Fourth Quarter Financial Results 
Thank you, Doug. Good afternoon everyone.  The year 2020 was of 
significant importance to Quidel, and we could not have realized such 
substantial strides without Doug's steady leadership.  I am truly 
impressed at the level of passion and dedication shown by our 
employees, and we are making a profound difference in people's lives 
 
12 
and livelihoods.  We had a great year in the midst of a challenging time, 
and we believe that the company is well positioned for a strong 2021.  
 
As reported, total revenues for the fourth quarter of 2020 were $809.2 
million dollars, as compared to $152.2 million dollars in the fourth 
quarter of 2019.  Foreign currency had a positive impact of $1.4 million 
dollars in the quarter, and had a minimal impact on the growth rate.  The 
432% revenue growth was due to the considerable demand for our 
COVID-19 diagnostic products.  Total COVID-19 revenue was $678.7 
million, of which $591.2 million was from our Rapid Immunoassay 
products, and $87.6 million was from our Molecular products.   
 
Within our product categories, Rapid Immunoassay revenues increased 
$566.3 million dollars to $631.3 million dollars in the fourth quarter of 
2020, driven by demand for rapid antigen Coronavirus products.  Within 
this category, Sofia products grew $573.8 million to $620.4 million 
dollars, of which $587.6 million dollars was attributed to Sofia SARS 
Antigen and Sofia Combo ABC product sales.  The revenue mix was 
46% Combo ABC and 54% antigen.  QuickVue product revenues were 
$9.8 million dollars, of which $3.6 million dollars were for the SARS 
Antigen product.  In the fourth quarter, we did not realize the typical 
ramp-up of distributor purchases of Influenza, Strep, and RSV as in 
 
13 
previous years, as we intentionally prioritized our production and 
shipments toward the SARS antigen tests.  As a result, Influenza Rapid 
Immunoassay revenue was $28.1 million dollars, with approximately 
90% of that revenue derived from the Sofia platform.  This compares to 
$45.0 million dollars in Influenza revenue for the same period last year. 
 
For the Cardiometabolic Immunoassay business, revenue was $70.0 
million dollars, a 6% increase versus the fourth quarter of 2019, and up 
8% sequentially.  Of the $70.0 million dollars in Cardiometabolic 
revenue, $36.4 million dollars were derived from the Triage business, an 
8% increase from Q4 of 2019; and $33.6 million dollars from the 
Beckman BNP business, a 4% increase over Q4 of 2019.  For Triage, 
growth came from all geographic areas except for China, which showed 
a slight decline.  This trend was realized with the Beckman BNP 
business, as well.  Overall, growth in our Cardiometabolic category was 
broad-based, which is a very good sign for the category going forward. 
 
Revenue in the Specialized Diagnostic Solutions category decreased 
20% in the fourth quarter to $11.5 million dollars, mostly driven by a 
decline in our respiratory products from our cell culture business.  
 
 
14 
Our Molecular Diagnostic Solutions category increased $89.4 million 
dollars in the quarter to $96.4 million dollars, driven by $87.6 million 
dollars in sales of our COVID-19 products.  Solana COVID-19 revenue 
was approximately $400,000 dollars in the quarter, less than our internal 
estimates, due to a later-than-anticipated EUA approval for the product - 
which was December 23rd - and this impacted the launch.  We continue 
to see good growth from these products, as more small and mid-sized 
labs look to bring molecular testing in-house.  
 
In the quarter, total Influenza revenue, which includes Rapid 
Immunoassay, DHI Respiratory and Molecular Diagnostics, decreased 
by 36% to $32.3 million dollars.  The decline was due to a very low 
prevalence of Influenza in the fourth quarter, as well as the introduction 
of our Sofia Combo ABC test, which is not included in the Influenza 
revenue number.  
 
Gross Profit in the fourth quarter of 2020 increased $606.7 million 
dollars to $701.5 million dollars, and gross profit margin was 87%.  The 
significant increase was a result of the introduction of high‐margin 
Coronavirus products as well as running significantly more volume 
through our manufacturing plants with relatively fixed overhead. 
 
 
15 
We continue to invest heavily in R&D, with the goal of launching 
additional COVID-19 diagnostic assays, advancing on our Savanna 
initiatives, as well as introducing new Sofia assays and next generation 
platforms, such as Sofia Q, formerly known as Project Sniffles.  From a 
Sales and Marketing perspective, we will continue to invest in people 
and resources to include expanded Customer Service Support, as we 
expand our customer reach and enter new markets, such as at-home 
testing and occupational health.   
 
In the quarter, we retired $6.8 million dollars in principal of our 
Convertible Notes.  We have now retired all the principal outstanding 
amounts on our Convertible Notes.  The only remaining debt obligations 
we have on our Balance Sheet are a small facility lease obligation and 
the deferred and Contingent Consideration, which currently has a 
remaining principal amount of $136 million dollars.  
 
As it relates to the annual provision for income taxes, we recorded 
$230.0 million in income tax expense, and the effective tax rate was 
22%.  State tax obligations increased our rate above the federal 
statutory rate of 21%.  This was partially offset by the tax benefits from 
excess stock-based compensation.  For fiscal year 2021, we are 
currently estimating a full year effective tax rate between 22% - 23%, 
 
16 
excluding any potential impact of legislation, which remains uncertain.  
The upper end of this range is higher than previous estimates due to the 
increase in pre-tax income expected and the proportional impact of 
other rate impacting items to this increased pre-tax income.  
 
Regarding our contract with the NIH, we are progressing nicely in 
achieving our manufacturing capacity goals.  We have achieved four of 
the seven milestones and have received $26 million of the up to 
$70 million dollar contract value.  
 
As of this week, we have a cash and cash equivalent balance of 
approximately $760.0 million dollars.  As we mentioned previously, we 
have no outstanding indebtedness except for the lease obligation and 
the Contingent and Deferred Consideration.  In 2021, we are expecting 
to spend approximately $300.0 million in capital expenditures, the 
majority of which relates to plant capacity expansion.  In all, we have a 
very strong capital structure, access to credit, and excellent cash flow, 
which places us in a great position to support our future initiatives such 
as increasing our R&D investment, strengthening and expanding our 
supply chain, aggressively ramping up our manufacturing capacity, and 
pursuing strategic M&A.  
 
 
17 
And with that, we conclude our formal comments for today.  Operator, 
we are now ready to open the call for questions.  
 
Q&A 
 
OPERATOR 
That is all the time we have today.  Please proceed with your 
presentation or any closing remarks.  
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thanks everyone for your support and for your interest in Quidel.  We 
had an excellent fourth quarter, we're well positioned for this year, and 
we're in good shape to achieve our growth objectives over the next few 
years.  Thanks again for being on the call.   
 
OPERATOR 
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation, and ask that 
you please disconnect your lines.  Goodbye. 
 