 
1 
 
 
 
           
 
QUIDEL SECOND QUARTER 2020  
CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT 
 Wednesday, July 30, 2020  
2:00 p.m. PT/ 5:00 p.m. ET 
 
 
Version 07.30.20 11:00 AM  
 
 
OPERATOR: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. 
 
Welcome to the Quidel Corporation Second Quarter 2020 earnings 
conference call.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode.  
Later, instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session.  If 
anyone has difficulty hearing the conference, please press *0 for 
operator assistance. 
 
I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ruben Argueta, Quidel’s Director 
of Investor Relations.  Please go ahead. 
 
 
Ruben Argueta 

 
2 
Thank you, Operator.  Good afternoon everyone -- and thank you for 
joining today's call.  With me today is our president and chief executive 
officer, Doug Bryant, and Randy Steward, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Our second quarter 2020 earnings release is now available on 
ir.quidel.com, our Investor Relations website.  We will also post our 
prepared remarks on the Presentations tab of our IR website following 
the conclusion of this call, on July 30th, for a period of 24 hours. 
 
Please note that this conference call will include forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of Federal securities laws, including our 
anticipated revenues for Q3 2020.  Forward-looking statements by their 
nature involve material risks, assumptions and uncertainties.  In 
particular, our expectations and assumptions around the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations and financial 
condition and that of our suppliers, customers and other business 
partners are uncertain and subject to change. Many possible events or 
factors could affect our future financial results and performance, such 
that our actual results and performance may differ materially from those 
in the forward-looking statements.  For a discussion of such factors, 
please review Quidel’s most recent annual report on Form 10-K, 
including the section titled “Risk factors”, registration statements and 
subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC. 
 
Furthermore, this conference call contains time-sensitive information 
that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, July 30, 2020.  
 
3 
Quidel undertakes no obligation to revise or update any statements to 
reflect events or circumstances after the date of this conference call, 
except as required by law. 
 
Today, Quidel released financial results for the three and six months 
ended June 30, 2020.  If you have not received our news release, or if 
you would like to be added to the company's distribution list, please 
contact me at 858-646-8023. 
 
Following Doug's comments, Randy will briefly discuss our financial 
results.  Then, we’ll open the call to take your questions. 
 
I’ll now hand the call over to Doug for his comments. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thank you Ruben, and good afternoon everyone.  Thank you for joining 
us today.  I hope that you and your families are well and safe.  These 
times have been challenging for everyone.  Despite the country's efforts 
to deliver more testing, there is still a considerable backlog for sample 
processing, especially in central labs, accounting for the long period of 
time between sample to result, typically taking between 5-7 days.  
Obviously, getting a COVID-19 test result a week later is not helpful, 
and not conducive to the test and contact trace process that is needed 
to flatten the curve and reduce the healthcare burden that we are seeing 
in hotspots across the country.  And so, we believe that expanding 
access to affordable, highly accurate and timely diagnostic testing is the 
key to flattening the curve.  At Quidel, we're doing our part to help 
 
4 
address the need for COVID-19 testing in 4 ways: first, using our Lyra 
and Lyra direct molecular tests to help remove the sample bottlenecks 
in highly complex laboratories with established testing infrastructure; 
second, by offering a fast, front-line test with best-in-class accuracy at 
the point-of-care to our traditional and non-traditional channels; third, by 
securing our supply chain and scaling up our test manufacturing and 
distribution for both our molecular and rapid tests by over 100%; and 
fourth, by developing multi-analyte COVID-19 test panels to help 
diagnose co-infections, rule-out flu and other illnesses, and increase 
overall test manufacturing scale.   
 
Before we get into the quarterly results, I'd like to say that we're proud of 
what we as an organization have accomplished in such a short amount 
of time.  Over the last quarter, our people, a good portion of which are 
still working from home, have shown the positive, nimble, can-do spirit 
that is the hallmark of Quidel's culture, and together, we are doing our 
part to help provide answers to the most vulnerable.  Quidel's second 
quarter results largely reflect the collective efforts of our people and 
offer a glimpse of what our company is capable of achieving, even in the 
midst of a pandemic.  
 
Consistent with our pre-announcement, revenue for the second quarter 
of 2020 was $201.8 million dollars, driven by growth in our Rapid 
Immunoassay and Molecular categories as a result of higher sales for 
our COVID-19 products, which totaled $109 million dollars in the 
 
5 
quarter.  We saw good demand for our 2 PCR assays, which received 
EUA in March and May, and very strong demand for our Sofia Antigen 
rapid point-of-care test, which received EUA in May.    
 
Importantly, we were able to satisfy some of the need for RT-PCR 
testing in highly complex labs by ramping up the manufacture of our 
Lyra assay to approximately 500,000 tests per week.  As some of you 
might recall, our Lyra assays can be run on several thermal cycling 
platforms, including the ABI 7500 Standard, the ABI 7500 Fast, 
Qiagen’s Rotor-Gene Q, the Roche LC480, and QuantStudio7Pro, 
which allows us to be very helpful to customers who may prefer sample-
to-answer methodologies but may not always receive the volume of 
reagents they require.  We expect this trend to continue, seeing 
increasing demand through the end of the year.  
 
Demand for our Sofia rapid antigen point-of-care test continues to be 
strong, sustained, and frankly, more than we can satisfy.  At the 
moment, customers are ordering a multiple of what they had expected 
as the product's outstanding performance is enabling an expansion of 
use-cases for the product.  Since receiving the first EUA for an antigen 
test in early May, we have been on allocation, partially fulfilling customer 
orders even as we continue to ramp up production to the levels we had 
forecasted.  We anticipate continued growth over the coming months 
and are actively working to increase our manufacturing scale by 
 
6 
expanding facilities, hiring additional personnel, and asking more of our 
supply chain. 
 
During the quarter, we also made good progress with our product 
pipeline, especially as it relates to diagnosing COVID-19.  Currently 
under development is our Sofia Serology assay that we believe could 
provide better clinical utility than the current tests in-market.  Also under 
development is our Sofia Influenza A+B and SARS Antigen rapid point-
of-care combination test, which will provide healthcare workers with all 
three results.  Because the assay uses the same manufacturing lines as 
our Sofia flu and Sofia Antigen tests, the combo test can potentially 
increase our manufacturing capacity, especially as we enter into the 
crucial winter months, when the potential for co-circulating SARS-CoV-2 
and influenza could further strain our healthcare system.  Additionally, 
we are collaborating with BARDA to develop a 4-analyte Sofia rapid 
point-of-care test that includes Influenza A+B, SARS Antigen, and 
Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) that we believe could help in 
addressing the nation's testing shortage at the point-of-care.  
 
All key non-COVID product development projects have remained on-
track.  We plan on submitting 510(k) packages for Sofia Strep98 and C. 
Difficile to the FDA in the fall.  With respect to TroponinTru, our hs-
troponin product, we continue our discussions with the FDA, and are 
designing a clinical strategy for our clinical trial, which we expect to start 
before year-end.  Regarding Savanna, work continues on the 
 
7 
instrument, with the first trial planned for early next year.  Regarding the 
Savanna cartridge, we plan to complete a high-volume cartridge 
evaluation in mid-August, using the six assays that are part of the near-
launch menu.  Goal of the study is to receive final proof that the 
performance of the cartridge with integrated assays is optimal.  
Industrial design for user interface cartridge features is to be completed 
by end of August.  On the manufacturing side, cartridge high-throughput 
production and assembly automation lines are under development, with 
the first automated modular manufacturing and assembly lines expected 
to be operational by November 2020.   
 
With regard to the Savanna instrument, we're assembling 19 prototype 
builds that will very closely resemble the commercial instrument by 
means of functionality, performance, size and appearance.  Once the 
instrument performance is evaluated, minor refinements will lead to the 
prototype version, which will be used during the clinical trials.  So in 
summary, the Savanna instrument and cartridge development activities 
are continuing according to schedule.  
 
In summary, Q2 was another typically productive quarter for us, 
augmented by significant demand for our COVID products, which is 
terrific in terms of our financial performance, but at the same time, we 
recognize the difficulty all this growth is creating for analysts trying to 
model revenue and EBITDA over the next few quarters.  Historically, 
we've not provided quarterly or annual guidance, but the variability in 
 
8 
forecasts and expectations suggests that a revenue floor that reflects a 
high confidence of achievement might be useful.  Therefore, based on 
the current demand for our antigen test, good visibility in our ordering 
patterns for our Lyra SARS-CoV-2 assays, and assuming minimal 
supply chain disruptions, we are confident that third quarter revenue will 
be at least $375 million dollars. 
 
In all, we had a strong quarter, and are confident in our business 
outlook.  Through the hard work and perseverance of our 1,300 people 
across the globe, a good number of which are still working from home, 
we are well-positioned to change lives for the better by expanding 
access to highly accurate, affordable diagnostic testing to our 
communities.  We are proud of what we've accomplished thus far, and 
look forward to contributing to the re-opening of our country.  
 
 
Randy?  
 
RANDY STEWARD 
Second Quarter Financial Results 
Thank you, Doug. Good afternoon everyone.  As Doug stated, we had a 
very strong quarter that exceeded even our own key performance 
metrics.  We will continue to keep focused on servicing our customers, 
ramping up our production capacity as diligently as possible, investing in 
future product development while continuing to utilize our cash wisely.   
 
 
9 
As we reported earlier today, total revenues for the second quarter of 
2020 were $201.8 million dollars, as compared to $108.3 million dollars 
in the second quarter of 2019.  The 86% increase in revenue was driven 
by significant demand for our products that diagnose COVID-19.  This 
revenue growth was partially offset by declines in demand for the 
Cardiometabolic and Specialized Diagnostic Solutions product 
categories.  Foreign currency impact was minimal, at $0.6 million dollars 
in the quarter.  
 
Rapid Immunoassay product revenues increased $58.8 million to $80.6 
million dollars in the second quarter of 2020.  Within this category, Sofia 
products grew $63.6 million to $75.2 million dollars due to $56.3 million 
dollars in Sofia SARS Antigen sales.  QuickVue product revenues 
decreased $3.9 million to $5.0 million dollars.  For the total Rapids 
business, 70% growth in Influenza was offset by reduced demand for  
Strep A, down 60%, and pregnancy products, down 48%, due to 
decreased office visits associated with the COVID-19 pandemic.  The 
Influenza Rapid Immunoassay revenue was $15.8 million dollars, with 
approximately 86% of that revenue derived from the Sofia platform.   
 
For the Cardiometabolic Immunoassay business, revenue was $54.2 
million dollars, a 20% decrease versus the second quarter of 2019.  In 
constant currency, the decrease was 19%.  Of the $54.2 million dollars 
in Cardiometabolic revenue, $28.2 million dollars were derived from the 
Triage business, and $26.0 million dollars from the Beckman BNP 
 
10 
business.  The revenue decline was realized in all three major 
geographies, as patients with chest pain either would not or could not 
visit traditional testing centers as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.  
We believe this downward trend should improve over the next several 
quarters.   
 
Revenue in the Specialized Diagnostic Solutions category decreased 
18% in the second quarter to $11.8 million dollars. 
 
Our Molecular Diagnostic Solutions category increased $51.0 million 
dollars in the quarter to $55.2 million dollars, driven by $52.7 million 
dollars in sales of our Lyra SARS-CoV-2 product, which was granted 
EUA by the FDA on March 17th, and our Lyra Direct SARS-CoV-2 
product, which was granted EUA on May 18th.  
 
Total Influenza revenue, which includes Rapid Immunoassay, DHI 
Respiratory and Molecular Diagnostics, grew 44% in the quarter to 
$18.7 million dollars. 
 
Gross Profit in the second quarter of 2020 increased $89.6 million 
dollars to $148.8 million dollars, driven by the demand for the SARS-
CoV-2 assays, which drove improved product mix.  In addition, higher 
volumes contributed to increased manufacturing overhead absorption.  
Gross profit margin in the second quarter of 2020 improved to 74%.     
 
 
11 
In the quarter we realized a significant improvement in our profitability 
profile.  Over the short term, we do not incur material variable operating 
cost increases, thus in quarters where we realize significant revenue 
and gross profit growth, we see a large portion of the gross profit dollars 
roll into operating income.  In the second quarter, our total operating 
expenses measured as a percent of revenue declined by 17 percentage 
points versus last year to 32% percent of revenues, helping improve our 
operating income in the quarter to 41% of revenues.  We see this trend 
continuing into the third and fourth quarters as well.  
 
We are increasing our R&D spend this year as we continue to invest in 
additional covid-19 assays, our Savanna project, new Sofia assays and 
next generation platforms, such as our internally named project Sniffles.  
We will also continue to invest in our S&M organization as we expand 
our customer base and profile.  For the full year, we are currently 
estimating our R&D spend to be in the range of $70-$75 million.  Our 
G&A spend for the full year should be in the range of $60-$65 million. 
 
As it relates to the provision for income taxes, we recorded $12.5 million 
in income tax provision in the quarter, and the effective tax rate was 
16%.  From the federal statutory tax rate of 21%, the difference in the 
effective tax rate was primarily a result of discrete tax benefits recorded 
for excess tax benefits of stock-based compensation.  We are currently 
estimating a full year effective tax rate between 21% and 22% due to 
the increase in pre-tax income versus prior years.  
 
 
12 
 
As of the end of June, we had $72.6 million in cash and cash 
equivalents.  During the second quarter, the company generated almost 
$60 million in cash flow from operations.  This number would have been 
even larger had it not been for the approximately $43 million dollar 
investment in Accounts Receivable and Inventory as we accelerate our 
growth and ramp to support increased production of SARS assays.  In 
the quarter, the company also invested $7.5 million in capital 
expenditures.  In  April, we made the third annual Abbott  payment of 
$48 million, and now have $136.0 million dollars remaining on the 
deferred and contingent consideration that will be paid over the next 3 
years.  Also in the quarter, we repurchased approximately 247,000 
shares of Quidel stock for $42.2 million dollars.   
 
We have no outstanding balance on our $175 million-dollar Revolving 
Credit Facility, and only $13 million remaining in Convertible Bond Debt, 
maturing this December.  In short, we have minimal debt, access to 
credit, and good cash flow, which places us in a good position to 
support our future initiatives.  Those  initiatives include increasing our 
R&D investment, strengthening and expanding our supply chain, 
ramping up our manufacturing capacity, and pursuing M&A.  
 
And with that, we conclude our formal comments for today.  Operator, 
we are now ready to open the call for questions.  
 
Q&A 
 
13 
 
OPERATOR 
That is all the time we have today.  Please proceed with your 
presentation or any closing remarks.  
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thanks everyone for your support and for your interest in Quidel.  We 
had a strong second quarter, and we're in good shape to achieve our 
growth objectives over the next few years.  Thanks again for being on 
the call.   
 
OPERATOR 
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation, and ask that 
you please disconnect your lines.  Goodbye. 
 