 
1 
 
 
 
           
 
QUIDEL THIRD QUARTER 2020  
CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT 
 Wednesday, October 29, 2020  
2:00 p.m. PT/ 5:00 p.m. ET 
 
 
FINAL  
 
OPERATOR: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. 
 
Welcome to the Quidel Corporation Third Quarter 2020 earnings 
conference call.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode.  
Later, instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session.  If 
anyone has difficulty hearing the conference, please press *0 for 
operator assistance. 
 
I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ruben Argueta, Quidel’s Director 
of Investor Relations.  Please go ahead. 
 
 
Ruben Argueta 

 
2 
Thank you, Operator.  Good afternoon everyone -- and thank you for 
joining today's call.  With me today is our president and Chief Executive 
Officer, Doug Bryant, and Randy Steward, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Our third quarter 2020 earnings release is now available on 
ir.quidel.com, our Investor Relations website.  We will also post our 
prepared remarks on the Presentations tab of our IR website following 
the conclusion of this call, on October 29th, for a period of 24 hours. 
 
Please note that this conference call will include forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of Federal securities laws, including our 
anticipated revenues for Q4 2020.  Forward-looking statements by their 
nature involve material risks, assumptions and uncertainties.  In 
particular, our expectations and assumptions around the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations and financial 
condition and that of our suppliers, customers and other business 
partners are uncertain and subject to change.  Many possible events or 
factors could affect our future financial results and performance, such 
that our actual results and performance may differ materially from those 
in the forward-looking statements.  For a discussion of such factors, 
please review Quidel’s most recent annual report on Form 10-K, 
including the section titled “Risk factors”, registration statements and 
subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC. 
 
Furthermore, this conference call contains time-sensitive information 
that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, October 29, 
 
3 
2020.  Quidel undertakes no obligation to revise or update any 
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this 
conference call, except as required by law. 
 
Today, Quidel released financial results for the three and nine months 
ended September 30, 2020.  If you have not received our news release, 
or if you would like to be added to the company's distribution list, please 
contact me at 858-646-8023. 
 
Following Doug's comments, Randy will briefly discuss our financial 
results.  Then, we’ll open the call to take your questions. 
 
I’ll now hand the call over to Doug for his comments. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thank you Ruben, and good afternoon everyone.  Thank you for joining 
us today.  I hope that you and your families are well and safe during 
these challenging and uncertain times.  At the moment, America faces 
the prospect of a third wave of COVID-19 infections, as indicated by a 
rise in the number of daily cases, now up to 23 infections per 100,000 
residents.  The spread of the novel coronavirus has migrated from 
metropolitan centers to suburban and rural areas.  The weather is 
getting colder, and the flu season is still looming.  As we face the 
potential for a third wave, and another rise in infections, our company 
understands the need for increased testing, and continues to rise to the 
challenge in the fight against COVID-19 by expanding access to 
affordable, highly accurate diagnostic testing throughout our 
 
4 
communities.  I couldn't be more proud of our people, those deemed 
essential as well as those working from home, with the way that they 
have embodied the Quidel spirit through dedication, determination, 
perseverance, singular focus, quick problem-solving ability, and a team-
first mentality; all of the qualities that are a bedrock of our corporate 
culture, and allow us to tackle a challenge like COVID-19 head-on.  
 
We had a record quarter in terms of revenue, consistent with our pre-
announcement, and a record in terms of profit for the quarter.  To be 
efficient, I will let Randy provide more detail on revenue and margin.  
Here are the revenue drivers for Q3 at a high level, and what we can 
expect in Q4.   
 
First, the rapid POC operations and supply chain teams in San Diego 
exceeded expectations.  Line 2 was converted to Sofia SARS antigen 
production, and the nasal foam swab issue that slowed the kitting 
process has been resolved, which together enabled us to reach the 
level of 2.1 million kitted Sofia SARS Antigen tests per week.  We 
believe that we can sustain that level of production throughout the fourth 
quarter.  While shipments in Q3 of Sofia Influenza should have been -- 
and were -- lower than the prior year quarter, we have manufactured 
and shipped several million dollars of our Sofia Influenza tests already 
this quarter, as well as several million dollars of our Sofia ABC 
combination tests.  We expect at this point to move to 80% ABC 
combination tests and 20% SARS Antigen tests in December.  We 
 
5 
placed approximately 5,000 Sofia 2 instruments in Q3, and expect to 
exit the year with about 75,000 analyzers on the ground.  With recent 
increases in instrument production, we expect to satisfy most of the 
pent-up demand from the traditional laboratory segment by the middle of 
Q1 2021, and can then begin providing instruments more routinely to 
newer market segments and opportunities, which are endless.  I will 
mention QuickVue SARS Antigen when I talk about pipeline, but we are 
expecting a meaningful revenue contribution from this new product in 
Q4 as well. 
 
Second, the molecular operations and supply chain teams in Athens, 
OH were rock solid in Q3, and poised to both meet increasing demand 
for Lyra SARS in the fourth quarter, and to ramp up production of 
Solana SARS, following EUA clearance from the FDA for that new 
product.  Third quarter revenue of Lyra SARS, driven by orders from just 
over 120 North American customers and a handful of international sites, 
was better than we had suggested, and fourth quarter Lyra SARS 
revenue looks to be about a third higher sequentially.  We are expecting 
a meaningful revenue contribution from Solana SARS as well. 
 
In terms of our ongoing COVID pipeline, we will go into some detail at 
our Investor Day, which is scheduled for November 12.  In the 
meantime, here are a few high level notes.  First, in Q4 we expect to 
launch our Sofia serology assay, another first of its kind, into a limited 
number of sites to do studies with the intent to demonstrate the clinical 
 
6 
utility of a Point-of-Care fingerstick combination assay that tests for IgG 
antibodies to the nucleocapsid protein and to two distinct epitopes (S1 
and S2) of the spike protein – in minutes.  We also expect to launch 
QuickVue SARS, which, promisingly, has shown similar performance in 
terms of agreement with PCR to Sofia SARS Antigen.  We are 
executing on a plan that should get us to a manufacturing capacity of 50 
million tests per month in 2021.  In terms of molecular products, we are 
expecting to launch Solana SARS and Lyra ABC in Q4.  Initially we 
intend to manufacture about 1 million Solana SARS tests per month for 
about 700 or so existing Solana customers.  Each Solana instrument 
can perform 12 Solana SARS assays at once in 25 minutes.  The data 
generated by the Solana SARS isothermal molecular assay show 
remarkable agreement with extracted PCR.  We expect that demand for 
a mod-complex assay with this speed and performance to be quite high. 
 
In terms of our core business and pipeline, I will save that for our 
Investor Day, which should allow more time for your questions today.  
During our time together on November 12, a few members of our 
executive team and I will cover three topics.  First, we will take you 
through what our long-range plan looked like pre-COVID, a plan that 
resulted in 12% compounded revenue growth over a 6-year period.  I 
will provide an overview, then we will jump into the details.  Dr. Tammi 
Ranalli and Dr. Johannes Kehle will bring you up-to-speed on the 
Savanna program.  As you will see, Savanna is destined to become the 
next flagship product for Quidel and is expected to be a key growth 
 
7 
driver for the company.  Bill Ferenczy, who heads up our 
Cardiometabolic business unit, will provide an update on Triage True, 
our high-sensitivity Troponin assay, and Dr. Werner Kroll will talk about 
non-COVID Sofia product line.  And I’ll summarize by talking about the 
longer term collateral benefits of what we are doing with COVID, and 
how that de-risks our longer term growth plans.  Next, we will provide an 
update on our entire COVID pipeline and will describe our expectations 
for those products over the next couple years.   Karen Gibson will give 
you an update on the Sniffles program and will talk about use-cases for 
the product and the market segments that seem to be the best fit.  And 
finally, we will talk about bigger and more aspirational ideas.  Dr. Werner 
Kroll will discuss Project Leapfrog, and how this advanced technology 
could address many diagnostic testing needs at the point of care, or 
even at home.  We will talk about our vision for “at-home” testing and 
the democratization of POC testing for many routine conditions.  And 
Randy Steward, our CFO, will talk about our financials over the LRP and 
our thinking around capital deployment.  It should be a great half-day, 
and I look forward to bringing you under the tent, so to speak. 
 
In summary, the 1300 employees at Quidel had a great quarter, and 
we’re poised for a great year-end and an even better 2021.  I realize 
that some of our larger competitors dismiss us, and think that we are 
punching way above our weight, but this company was built for what we 
are doing today.  We have extraordinary strategic, technical, and 
 
8 
commercial competencies, and the ability to scale to much greater 
heights.  And most important, we are happy. 
 
Randy? 
 
RANDY STEWARD 
Third Quarter Financial Results 
Thank you, Doug. Good afternoon everyone.  As Doug stated, we had 
another very strong quarter that exceeded our own expectations.  Our 
employees have truly risen to the COVID-19 challenge by delivering 
new products to market and continuing to expand production for newly 
launched COVID-19 antigen and PCR products, making a profound 
difference in people's lives and livelihoods.  Through the dedication and 
hard work of our organization, we've positioned the company for a 
strong end to the year, and beyond.    
 
As reported, total revenues for the third quarter of 2020 were $476.1 
million dollars, as compared to $126.5 million dollars in the third quarter 
of 2019.  The 276%
 increase in revenue was driven by significant growth 
in our Rapid Immunoassay and Molecular categories, driven by 
considerable demand for our COVID-19 diagnostic products.  We did 
realize minimal declines in demand for the Cardiometabolic and 
Specialized Diagnostic Solutions product categories.  Foreign currency 
had a positive impact of $0.5 million dollars in the quarter.  
 
 
9 
Rapid Immunoassay product revenues increased $294.5 million dollars 
to $337.0 million dollars in the third quarter of 2020.  Within this 
category, Sofia products grew $303.2 million to $331.9 million dollars, of 
which $317.9 million dollars was attributed to Sofia SARS Antigen sales.  
QuickVue product revenues decreased $8.7 million to $4.0 million 
dollars.  In September, we did not realize the ramp-up of distributor 
purchases of Influenza, Strep, and RSV heading into the Respiratory 
Season as we have in previous years.  We intentionally prioritized our 
production and shipments toward the SARS antigen test.  As a result, 
Influenza Rapid Immunoassay revenue was $7.9 million dollars, with 
approximately 90% of that revenue derived from the Sofia platform.   
 
For the Cardiometabolic Immunoassay business, revenue was $64.8 
million dollars, a 3% decrease versus the third quarter of 2019. More 
importantly, this category was up $10.6 million dollars sequentially, and 
we are optimistic that the Cardiometabolic category has stabilized.  Of 
the $64.8 million dollars in Cardiometabolic revenue in the third quarter, 
$32.7 million dollars were derived from the Triage business, and $32.1 
million dollars from the Beckman BNP business.  Year-over-year, the 
revenue decline was realized in two of the three major geographies, 
however sequentially, growth was observed in these three regions, a 
very encouraging sign.  
 
Revenue in the Specialized Diagnostic Solutions category decreased 
10%, or 1.2 million dollars, in the third quarter to $11.2 million dollars, 
 
10 
mostly driven by a decline in our respiratory products from our cell 
culture business.  
 
Our Molecular Diagnostic Solutions category increased $58.3 million 
dollars in the quarter to $63.0 million dollars, driven by $57.8 million 
dollars in sales of our Lyra and Lyra Direct SARS-CoV-2 products.  
Despite these being gap-filling products in the sense that these reagents 
have no proprietary instrument and are used as a second or third option, 
we are seeing good growth from these products, and believe that we 
can continue to see added growth as more small and mid-sized labs 
continue to bring PCR testing in-house.  
 
In the quarter, total Influenza revenue, which includes Rapid 
Immunoassay, DHI Respiratory and Molecular Diagnostics, decreased 
by 69% in the quarter to $9.0 million dollars. 
 
Gross Profit in the third quarter of 2020 increased $307.8 million dollars 
to $383.6 million dollars, and gross profit margin was 81%.  This 
improvement was driven by the demand for the SARS-CoV-2 assays, 
which drove improved product mix.  In addition, higher volumes 
contributed to increased manufacturing overhead absorption.  
 
 
In the third quarter, as in the second quarter, we realized a significant 
improvement in our profitability profile because, over the short term, we 
do not incur material variable operating cost increases.  In the third 
quarter, our total operating expenses measured as a percent of revenue 
 
11 
declined by 28 percentage points versus last year and sequentially 
declined by 16 percentage points to 16% percent of revenues, helping 
improve our operating income in the quarter to 65% of revenues.  We 
see this trend continuing into the fourth quarter, as well.  
 
We continue to invest in R&D, with the goal of launching additional 
COVID-19 diagnostic assays, advancing on our Savanna initiatives, as 
well as introducing new Sofia assays and next generation platforms, 
such as our internally named project Sniffles.  We will also continue to 
invest in our S&M organization as we expand training in new markets 
such as nursing homes and occupational health, and significantly 
broadening our customer base.  For the full year, we are currently 
estimating our R&D spend to be in the range of $80-$85 million dollars.  
Our G&A spend for the full year should be in the range of $65-$70 
million dollars. 
 
In the quarter, we recorded a $10.4 million dollar loss on extinguishment 
of debt.  This was the result of retiring in cash $5.9 million dollars in 
principal of our Convertible Notes.  The current principal outstanding 
balance on the Convertible Notes is $6.8 million dollars.  
 
As it relates to the provision for income taxes, we recorded $63.5 million 
in income tax provision in the quarter, and the effective tax rate was 
21%.  The Federal statutory rate is 21%.  All items adjusting our rate 
had an insignificant impact including discrete tax benefits from excess 
 
12 
stock-based compensation.  We are currently estimating a full year 
effective tax rate between 21% and 22%.  This rate is approximately 2 
percentage points higher than previous estimates due to the increase in 
pre-tax income versus prior years. 
 
We successfully completed our contract with the NIH in support of 
increasing our manufacturing capacity this quarter.  The total contract 
value is for up to $65 million dollars.  The contract has a performance 
period of one year beginning July 2020 with key deliverables and 
milestones that would directly support the addition of new immunoassay 
manufacturing lines as well as outfitting a new distribution center.  As 
part of the agreement, the company will provide to the NIH Sofia 2 
instruments and COVID-19 assays.  
 
As of the end of September, we had $77.5 million in cash and cash 
equivalents.  During the third quarter, the company generated $70.5 
million in cash flow from operations.  This number would have been  
larger had it not been for the approximately $244 million dollar 
investment in Accounts Receivable and Inventory as we accelerate our 
growth to support increased production of SARS assays.  In the quarter, 
the company also invested $22.7 million in capital expenditures.   
 
At the end of the current fiscal year, we anticipate having in excess of 
$500 million dollars in cash on the balance sheet, no convertible debt 
outstanding, and no outstanding balance on our $175 million-dollar 
 
13 
Revolving Credit Facility.  In short, we have a very strong capital 
structure, access to credit, and good cash flow, which places us in a 
great position to support our future initiatives.  Those  initiatives include 
increasing our R&D investment, strengthening and expanding our 
supply chain, aggressively ramping up our manufacturing capacity, and 
pursuing M&A.  
 
And with that, we conclude our formal comments for today.  Operator, 
we are now ready to open the call for questions.  
 
Q&A 
 
OPERATOR 
That is all the time we have today.  Please proceed with your 
presentation or any closing remarks.  
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thanks everyone for your support and for your interest in Quidel.  We 
had an excellent third quarter, and we're in good shape to achieve our 
growth objectives over the next few years.  Thanks again for being on 
the call.   
 
OPERATOR 
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation, and ask that 
you please disconnect your lines.  Goodbye. 
 
14 
 