 
1 
 
 
 
           
 
QUIDEL FIRST QUARTER 2022  
CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT 
 Wednesday, May 4, 2022  
2:00 p.m. PT/ 5:00 p.m. ET 
 
 
 
OPERATOR: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. 
 
Welcome to the Quidel Corporation first quarter 2022 earnings 
conference call.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode.  
Later, instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session.  If 
anyone has difficulty hearing the conference, please press *0 for 
operator assistance. 
 
I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ruben Argueta, Quidel’s Senior 
Director of Investor Relations.  Please go ahead. 
 
 

 
2 
RUBEN ARGUETA 
Thank you, Operator.  Good afternoon everyone -- and thank you for 
joining today's call.  With me today is our President and Chief Executive 
Officer, Doug Bryant, and our Chief Financial Officer, Randy Steward.   
 
Our fiscal first quarter 2022 earnings release is now available on 
ir.quidel.com, our Investor Relations website.  We will also post our 
prepared remarks on the Presentations tab of our IR website following 
the conclusion of this call, on May 4th, 2022, for a period of 24 hours. 
 
Please note that some of the information we provide during today's 
conference call will include forward-looking statements, including, but 
not limited to, the types of statements identified as forward-looking in 
our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that we will file later today, which will 
be available on our IR website.  Actual results may differ materially from 
those projected in any forward-looking statement.  For a further 
description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results 
to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking 
statements, as well as risks related to our business and the proposed 
business combination with Ortho Clinical Diagnostics, please see our 
Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent periodic reports and 
registration statements filed with the SEC. 
 
3 
 
Furthermore, this conference call contains time-sensitive information 
that is accurate only as of today.  Except as required by law, we 
undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements or 
time-sensitive information, which speak only as of today.  
 
Today, Quidel released financial results for the three months ended 
March 31, 2022.  If you have not received our earnings release, or if you 
would like to be added to the company's distribution list, please contact 
me at 858-646-8023. 
 
Following Doug's comments, Randy will briefly discuss our financial 
results.  Then, we’ll open the call to take your questions. 
 
I’ll now hand the call over to Doug for his comments. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thank you, Ruben.  And welcome to everyone on the call.  We really 
appreciate your time and interest in Quidel. 
 
We had an extraordinary start to the year.  The first quarter was historic 
for Quidel.  We achieved record revenue on the top line… record 
 
4 
profitability that flowed through to our bottom line… and record cash on 
the balance sheet.   
 
Our first quarter truly demonstrates the earnings power of the business, 
as we build on the significant investments we’ve made and execute 
against our growth roadmap.  Our diverse suite of assays, increasing 
brand strength, and growing installed base of Sofia analyzers continue 
to propel our market expansion and broaden our post-pandemic 
opportunities.  Our robust new product pipeline, including our 
revolutionary Savanna platform that we expect to launch in the U.S. 
later this year, further adds to forward momentum and runway. 
 
And, yes… once again… the entire Quidel team performed brilliantly. 
From product development in our R&D organization… to the 
responsiveness of our manufacturing and operations teams… to our 
commercial channel, we fired on all cylinders.  Our first quarter results 
put us in a strong financial position, creating additional flexibility to 
strengthen our balance sheet while we continue to drive R&D 
investment to further develop and broaden our portfolio.   
 
Let’s take a look at some specifics.  Revenue for the first quarter of 2022 
reached just over $1 billion dollars.  That’s a pretty extraordinary 167 
 
5 
percent increase over the prior year period.  It was driven primarily by 
strong performance in our Rapid Immunoassay product portfolio.  Total 
Rapid Immunoassay revenue increased by $655.1 million dollars in the 
first quarter of 2022 to $892.8 million dollars.  We saw significant sales 
of QuickVue At-Home OTC COVID-19 tests, and while COVID-19 
testing made up the bulk of this heightened demand, it is noteworthy 
that non-COVID sales grew 56%, or almost double that if you exclude 
the Beckman BNP Business, as we saw increased sales of our Sofia 
ABC combination test for Influenza + SARS, as well as increased 
demand for our Sofia Influenza tests.  Although we haven't seen a 
typical flu season, flu continues to linger.  Interestingly, ILI is currently at 
2.1% of patient visits, and we are seeing increasing seasonal influenza 
activity in a few states.  This highlights the importance of diagnostic 
testing and the significance of having a differentiated menu, which is 
part of our post-pandemic strategy to widen our point-of-care footprint 
and introduce our full portfolio of assays to both patients and healthcare 
providers.  
 
Relative to COVID-19, we are seeing softening demand and we expect 
this trend to continue as we head into the summer months.  In fact, we 
started to see this in the first quarter, as test demand shifted significantly 
from retail outlets to the federal government, and to a lesser extent to 
 
6 
the professional segment.  This shift allowed us to focus on delivering 
more tests to the U.S. government than we originally anticipated, and in 
the first quarter, we shipped approximately 70 million QuickVue At-Home 
OTC COVID-19 tests to the federal government.  We plan to ship the 
remaining 35 million tests to the government in Q2 to fulfill our 108 
million-test commitment.  As you can appreciate, we remain in close 
conversation with the federal government and related government 
agencies to determine the government support strategies going forward.  
We are in discussions with the government to supply an incremental 
number of tests in Q2/Q3, and will update you on any order that is 
placed from those discussions.  Our longer-term expectation is that 
COVID-19 infections and related testing demand will continue to wane 
as COVID-19 becomes more seasonal – similar to flu demand.  We 
currently are not forecasting a significant revenue contribution from our 
COVID-19 products in the back half of the year. 
 
The prospect of endemic “SARS seasons” amplifies the long-term 
benefits of the brand awareness we have generated and the strategic 
partnerships we have built with retail and distribution powerhouses, and 
these trusted relationships provide us with access to point-of-care and 
over-the-counter channels for both COVID and non-COVID product 
lines going forward, which is exciting.  
 
7 
 
Consistent with the anticipated shift in COVID-19 testing demand, we 
continue to bolster our resilience in the post-pandemic future by 
accelerating assay development and production and further expanding 
our footprint at the point of care.  Given our robust pipeline, we have 
high confidence in our ability to capture evolving healthcare trends that 
will drive both future growth and profitability.  These opportunities 
include a number of products we’ve discussed on previous calls, such 
as QVue and our Sofia Q device, new Sofia assays, as well as new 
products in our cardiometabolic and gastrointestinal segments.  
 
But foremost among our upcoming product launches is our flagship 
Savanna molecular multiplexing platform.  As you know, we already 
have CE approval for markets outside of the U.S., but our main focus is 
on getting the necessary approvals to launch Savanna in the U.S. later 
this year.  We plan to submit our Savanna EUA for RVP4 next week and 
submit our 510(k) in July, with two more 510(k) panel submissions set 
for year-end, and three more submissions by the end of Q1 2023.  
Meanwhile, our teams are hard at work scaling Savanna instrument 
production and transitioning to fully automated manufacturing.  
Experienced as we are, over the last couple years, we've learned a lot 
about hyper-scaling production and managing complex supply chains.  
 
8 
And you can rest assured we’re leveraging the lessons we've learned in 
expanding COVID-19 testing capacity to our other products.  Once 
online in the fall, our Savanna cartridge automated manufacturing line is 
expected to begin its ramp up in output to over one million cartridges per 
month, with $300 million annual revenues anticipated within three years 
of U.S. launch. 
 
Of course, we are also immensely excited by the opportunities 
presented by our planned acquisition of Ortho Clinical Diagnostics.  As 
I've said before, this acquisition will more than double our market 
opportunity to over $50 billion among the point-of-care, clinical 
laboratory, and transfusion medicine segments.  We are thrilled by the 
potential catalysts we see in the combined business.  Our teams are 
working well together planning for the integration and the highly 
complementary nature of Quidel’s and Ortho’s portfolios is expected to 
create ample cross-selling opportunities across a deep and diverse 
matrix of customers and channels to significantly accelerate market 
penetration worldwide after closing.  We believe it is a truly compelling 
formula that can position the combined business for long-term growth 
and a lasting global impact in delivering advanced diagnostics that 
improve human health. 
 
 
9 
Integration planning is going well.  We've formed 15 cross-functional 
teams, defined 87 projects, plus defined Day 1, Day 30, and longer 
timeline objectives, with the Day 1 must-haves either on track or 
completed. Operationally, no risks have been identified that would 
create significant disruption on Day 1 through Day 30.  Of course there 
is a lot of work still to be done, and challenges are being identified, but 
no critical path items are delayed.  Overall, we are very pleased with the 
cadence and progress that we've made thus far, and are excited about 
getting to Day 1. 
 
We are bullish on the acquisition, and look forward to harvesting the 
expected $90 million in cost synergies by end of year 3 and $100 million 
in revenue synergies by 2025.  We expect investors have recognized 
the value that can be created by bringing the companies together… and 
will vote to approve the deal.  Here’s a quick snapshot of the process to 
closing: 
• On April 11th, we began mailing our joint proxy statement; 
• On May 16th, there will be stockholder meetings for each of Quidel 
and Ortho to vote on the business combination;  
• On May 26th, we've scheduled the UK Court hearing; and 
 
10 
• On May 27th, we anticipate the successful close of the transaction, 
subject to receipt of the stockholder vote, the UK Court order and 
satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. 
 
In closing, I am incredibly proud of our employees and their commitment 
to making a positive impact in our fight against COVID and more than 
pleased to see them now applying that same focus and commitment to 
their work addressing a post-pandemic world.   
 
And it goes without saying that I am exceedingly encouraged by our 
performance in the first quarter.  It’s clearly one for the record books. 
And we have a long, exciting roadmap for our continued growth and 
success as we advance diagnostics to improve human health.  It is our 
mission, and we are happy in the knowledge that we are making a 
difference. 
 
Randy?  
 
 
RANDY STEWARD 
First Quarter 2022 Financial Results 
 
11 
Thank you, Doug.  Good afternoon everyone.  As Doug stated, we had a 
truly outstanding quarter and I’d also like to thank all of our employees, 
who demonstrated Quidel's strength of spirit, perseverance, and 
dedication to deliver such outstanding results.  Due to their tireless 
efforts, we again achieved another record quarter for revenue, eclipsing 
our previous high-water mark of $809 million dollars set in Q4 of 2020.  
During my tenure here, I've seen Quidel grow substantially, and Quidel’s 
incredible culture has been the driving force behind such explosive 
growth and our sustained excellence.  I am very proud to be a part of 
what we have achieved at Quidel.  
 
As reported, total revenues for the first quarter of 2022 were $1,002.3 
million dollars, compared to $375.3 million dollars in the first quarter of 
2021, achieving growth of 167%.  This growth is primarily due to 
increased Rapid Immunoassay product revenue, which was driven by 
the continued fulfillment of the U.S. government order for over 100 
million QuickVue COVID-19 tests.  Total SARS revenue in the quarter 
from all products was $836.1 million dollars as compared to $269.1 
million  dollars in the first quarter of 2021, a growth of 211%.  In total, we 
sold over 126 million COVID tests in the first quarter of 2022 - 113 
million tests of QuickVue, 12 million tests of Sofia and over 2 million of 
 
12 
all other tests.  Foreign currency exchange had an unfavorable impact 
of $1.0 million in the first quarter of 2022.   
 
Influenza revenue in the quarter was $89.1 million dollars versus $16.4 
million dollars in the first quarter of last year.  Included in the influenza 
revenue number for the quarter was $54.2 million dollars in Sofia ABC 
revenue, $25.4 million dollars in Sofia flu revenue, and $5.9 million 
dollars in QuickVue flu revenue. 
 
Rapid Immunoassay revenues were $892.8 million dollars in the first 
quarter of 2022, showing growth of 276% from the first quarter of 2021.  
Within this category, Sofia product revenues were $224.0 million dollars, 
of which $137.9 million dollars were attributable to the Sofia SARS 
antigen tests.  And, as just mentioned, Influenza revenue was another 
strong contributor to this group, adding $79.6 million dollars in revenue.  
QuickVue product revenues in the first quarter of 2022 were $667.6 
million dollars, of which $657.5 million dollars were attributable to the 
QuickVue SARS tests. 
 
For the Cardiometabolic Immunoassay business, revenue was $50.2 
million dollars, lower than the prior year quarter as a result of the 
agreement we entered into with Beckman Coulter in July 2021.  As a 
 
13 
reminder, the agreement states that, in connection with transitioning the 
Beckman BNP Business to Beckman Coulter, Quidel receives annual 
cash payments of between $70 million to $75 million dollars per year 
through 2029.  In the first quarter of 2022, we recorded revenue of $16.8 
million dollars associated with this agreement.  The quarterly revenue 
was based on product shipments in the quarter to Beckman Coulter.   
For the full year, the minimum revenue to realize is $70 million dollars, 
regardless of product shipments.  The Triage business generated 
revenue of $33.4 million dollars in the quarter versus $33.0 million 
dollars in the first quarter of 2021, with growth in Asia Pacific and EMEA, 
offset by a decline in the U.S.  
 
Our Molecular Diagnostic Solutions revenue was $46.0 million dollars in 
the first quarter of 2022, as we saw continued demand for the Lyra 
SARS-CoV-2 products, which constituted $38.2 million dollars of the 
total Molecular Diagnostic Solutions revenue.  Solana revenues were 
$5.7 million dollars in the quarter, and Savanna revenue was an 
incremental $400 thousand dollars in the quarter.   
 
Specialized Diagnostic Solutions revenue increased 23% to $13.3 
million dollars in the first quarter of 2022, driven by an increase in sales 
of our DHI Respiratory products.  
 
14 
 
We realized good growth in the core business, as revenue excluding 
COVID-19 and Beckman BNP revenues increased 105% over the first 
quarter of 2021 to $149.4 million dollars.  Rapid Immunoassay revenue 
increased $73.0 million dollars, or almost 300%, due to an increase in 
flu and strep revenue.  The Triage business increased 1% and 
Molecular revenue increased 20% though on a small revenue base 
without COVID.  We also saw strong performance in our Specialized 
Diagnostic Solutions revenue as stated previously. 
 
Gross profit in the first quarter of 2022 increased to $740.0 million 
dollars, and gross margin was 74% of revenue.  This compares to gross 
profit of $302.0 million dollars, and 80% gross margin for the three 
months ended March 31, 2021.  The increased gross profit was due to 
greater product sales of QuickVue At-Home OTC COVID-19 tests.  The 
decrease in gross margin was driven by a shift in product mix from 
higher margin Sofia SARS tests to lower margin QuickVue SARS tests, 
partially offset by improved manufacturing absorption. 
 
On the spend side of the business, we continue to invest in R&D, 
specifically our Savanna platform.  We are also spending in support of 
our longer-term initiatives, such as new Sofia assays that can leverage 
 
15 
our large installed base of instruments and new markets, next-
generation platforms and Sofia Q, to name a few.  In the first quarter of 
2022, R&D expense increased 13% to $26.4 million dollars.  
 
Sales and marketing expense for the first quarter of 2022 increased to 
$65.4 million dollars, resulting from higher freight expense due to higher 
sales volume, higher product promotional spend associated with the 
QuickVue At-Home OTC COVID-19 Test, and higher compensation 
costs driven by increased headcount.  This year, we will continue to 
invest in people and resources to expand our reach, as well as increase 
our spend in marketing, product promotions and corporate partnerships 
in support of existing and new markets. 
 
G&A expense in the first quarter of 2022 increased by $5.0 million 
dollars to $24.5 million dollars, primarily due to higher compensation 
costs driven by outstanding performance during the current period.  
 
As it relates to the provision for income taxes in the first quarter, we 
recorded $140.7 million dollars in income tax expense resulting in an 
effective tax rate of approximately 23%.  The higher tax expense for the 
quarter compared to the same period last year is a result of an increase 
 
16 
in pre-tax profits and a decrease in tax deductions from stock-based 
compensation.  
 
As of March 31, 2022, we had $1,275.5 million dollars in cash and cash 
equivalents.  In the quarter, the company invested approximately $22 
million dollars in capital expenditures.  In April, we made our scheduled 
$48 million-dollar payment to Abbott for the Alere assets, leaving one 
final payment of $40 million dollars due to Abbott in April 2023.   From a 
use of cash perspective in the second quarter, we expect to use the 
majority of the cash on our balance sheet to help fund the cash payment 
to the Ortho shareholders at close. 
 
And with that, we conclude our formal comments for today.  Operator, 
we are now ready to open the call for questions.  
 
Q&A 
 
OPERATOR 
That is all the time we have today.  Please proceed with your 
presentation or any closing remarks.  
 
DOUG BRYANT 
 
17 
Thanks everyone for your support and for your interest in Quidel.  We 
had a great start to the year, we're set up nicely for success, and we 
believe we're in good shape to achieve our growth objectives over the 
next few years.  Thanks again for being on the call.   
 
OPERATOR 
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation, and ask that 
you please disconnect your lines.  Goodbye. 
 