 
1 
 
 
 
          
 
QUIDEL THIRD QUARTER 2019 
CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT 
Wednesday, October 30, 2019 
2:00 p.m. PT/ 5:00 p.m. ET 
 
 
REV. FINAL 
 
 
OPERATOR: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. 
 
Welcome to the Quidel Corporation third Quarter 2019 earnings 
conference call.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode.  
Later, instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session.  If 
anyone has difficulty hearing the conference, please press *0 for 
operator assistance. 
 
I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ruben Argueta, Quidel’s Director 
of Investor Relations.  Please go ahead. 

 
2 
 
RUBEN ARGUETA 
 
Thank you, Operator.  Good afternoon everyone -- and thank you for 
joining today's call.  With me today are our president and chief executive 
officer, Doug Bryant and Randy Steward, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Our third quarter 2019 earnings release is now available on 
ir.quidel.com, our Investor Relations website.  We will also post our 
prepared remarks on the Presentations tab of our new IR website 
following the conclusion of this call, on October 30, 2019, for a period of 
30 days. 
 
Please note that this conference call will include forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of Federal securities laws.  It is possible 
that actual results and performance could differ significantly from these 
stated expectations.  For a discussion of risk factors, please review 
Quidel’s annual report on Form 10-K, registration statements and 
subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC. 
 
Furthermore, this conference call contains time-sensitive information 
that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, October 30, 
 
3 
2019.  Quidel undertakes no obligation to revise or update any 
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this 
conference call, except as required by law. 
 
Today, Quidel released financial results for the three months ended 
September 30, 2019.  If you have not received our news release, or if 
you would like to be added to the company's distribution list, please 
contact me at 858-646-8023. 
 
Following Doug's comments, Randy will briefly discuss our financial 
results.  Then, we’ll open the call to your questions. 
 
I’ll now hand the call over to Doug for his comments. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
 
Thank you, Ruben, and good afternoon everyone.  As you saw in the 
press release, Quidel’s third quarter financial performance was solid, 
and in line with our expectations.  Total revenue was $126.5 million, up 
8% over the prior year quarter.  Total Triage revenue, at $66.8 million, 
including Triage MeterPro cardiac and toxicology assays and Triage 
BNP, was once again in the quarterly range of $64 to $69 million that 
 
4 
we’ve suggested is appropriate for the business in advance of the 
impact of new product launches.  Total influenza revenue for the quarter, 
which includes all immunoassay and molecular platforms, grew 36% to 
$29.3 million, driven mainly by influenza test cartridge sales on existing, 
as well as new Sofia placements.  Sofia placements, at under 2,000 in 
Q3, were typical for a non-flu quarter, aided a bit by a couple hundred or 
so instruments shipped to new Sofia Lyme Tier 1 customers.  Regarding 
earnings for the quarter, as Randy will describe in more detail, there 
were no significant spending surprises, the overall gross margin profile 
was a little elevated due to the increase in flu sales, and the fall-through 
to EPS was as anticipated given slightly higher revenue and favorable 
product and geographic mix. 
 
Moving forward we expect modest traction in the fourth quarter in 
Europe with TriageTrue High Sensitivity Troponin as we await the 
publication of a major study that demonstrates the clinical performance 
of our point-of-care high sensitivity assay.  We also expect to see 
progress with the launch of the new Triage toxicology panel, although 
admittedly our launch was delayed by about one quarter and sales in 
Q4 will not be as we had anticipated.  I have no doubt that we will be as 
successful with this product as we had planned, but we did have what I 
would call a self-inflected wound with the launch of this product, as our 
 
5 
commercial organization in the U.S. was simply not ready to execute.  
They are executing now, however, and I can explain more about this 
during the Q&A if you like. 
 
The big questions for the fourth quarter are when the RSV and flu 
seasons will start and will the flu season be early and severe enough to 
cause distributors to re-order product, as they would typically do during 
the last three weeks of the quarter.  At this point, I can’t call it.  In early 
October we saw hints in our Virena data of the approaching respiratory 
season, as test rates began to increase.  But the increases in test rates, 
which were across every region of the U.S., were largely due to RSV 
and other viruses that mimic influenza and that often precede influenza 
by six to eight weeks.  We have seen increased testing and positivity 
rates for RSV in Florida, which has reached epidemic levels, but to be 
clear, the volume of RSV test data collected by Virena is not robust 
enough to be predictive in the way that millions of flu data points are 
across a season.  At this point we are continuing to model a normal 
season in terms of influenza revenue for the next two quarters. 
 
Shifting gears, I will proudly provide the final update on the status of the 
integration of the Alere assets.  After just two years from the close of the 
transaction, we have effectively completed our integration process.  On 
 
6 
July 1, we went live with the integration of our warehouse operations at 
our Summers Ridge facility, moving off Abbott’s ordering and distribution 
system and realizing $2.6 million in annualized synergies.  We also 
successfully migrated India and Brazil to our ERP on August 1, 
completing the order to cash process for 88 of 89 countries.  Japan, the 
final country, goes live November 1, which gives us control of 100% of 
the business.  At this point we are on track to deliver $20.4 million in 
synergies by year end, slightly better than we had planned. 
 
Let’s talk for a couple minutes about product development and pipeline.  
Never in my ten years with this company has the opportunity for 
revenue growth been as exciting.  At last, not only do we hear the wind 
blowing, but we can see the trees moving.  Finally, we’ve become a 
product development company of significance, one with the potential for 
revenue and margin growth driven in large part by the introduction of 
numerous new products.  In the first half of 2020, we expect to introduce 
several new Sofia assays for C diff toxins; Lyme Tier 2; a single, four-
plex Sofia cartridge for Flu, RSV, and hMPV; and simpler, faster 
bioassays for TSI and TBI, assays for Graves’ and Hashimoto’s 
diseases.  In the middle of the year we plan to launch five more Sofia 
assays for lactoferrin, H. pylori, parasites, shiga toxin, and 
campylobacter.  Before year end, we expect to introduce Sofia Strep 98, 
 
7 
which has demonstrated superb analytical performance in studies thus 
far, and Sofia assays for the two commonly seen community acquired 
pneumonia infectious agents, Strep pneumo and legionella.  Then we’ll 
head into 2021 anticipating the launch of Savanna, which could be the 
most important product introduction in our history.  And there is still more 
in the pipeline to come. 
 
Overall it was a solid quarter, both financially and operationally.  And 
although Q4 will provide the usual challenges we face every year, we’ll 
end the year in good shape, very well positioned for 2020 and 2021. 
Randy? 
 
RANDY STEWARD 
 
Third Quarter Financial Results 
Thank you, Doug.  Good afternoon everyone.  As we reported earlier 
today, total revenues for the third quarter of 2019 were $126.5 million 
dollars, as compared to $117.4 million dollars in the third quarter of 
2018, an increase of 8%.  On a constant currency basis, revenue 
growth was also 8%, reflecting the minimal negative impact of foreign 
exchange of $500 thousand in the quarter. 
 
 
8 
Rapid Immunoassay revenue increased 20% to $42.5 million, from the 
third quarter of 2018 due to strong results from our Sofia franchise, 
which grew 35%.  Flu revenue for the rapid category was $26.6 million 
dollars, an increase of 37%, while Strep A increased 6% and RSV 
increased 10%. For the third quarter, Sofia revenue was $28.7 million 
dollars, as compared to $21.2 million dollars in Q3 of the prior year, and 
QuickVue revenue was $12.7 million dollars, as compared to $13.1 
million dollars in Q3 of 2018. 
 
Rapid Immunoassay inventory at distribution is up 7% from the third 
quarter of last year.  More granularly, Influenza inventories at distribution 
are up 28% versus last year's third quarter, and up 12% versus Q3 
2017. 
 
In the Cardiac Immunoassay category, revenue totaled $66.8 million 
dollars in the quarter versus $65.3 million in the same period last year, a 
2% increase.  On a constant currency basis, Cardiac revenue for the 
third quarter was up 3%.  Within the category, Triage revenue was $33.8 
million dollars, a decline of 2% from the third quarter of 2018.  On a 
constant currency basis, Triage revenue was down 1% versus last year.    
As reported, on a geographic basis, Triage realized 6% revenue growth 
 
9 
in North America, growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America, which was 
offset by declines in China and in EMEA. 
 
On the Beckman BNP side, revenue increased 7% over the third quarter 
of 2018 to $33.0 million and on a constant currency basis, BNP was up 
8%.  Geographically, as reported, revenue growth for the Beckman 
business was realized in all geographies except for North America, 
which was down 2%. 
 
Revenue in the Specialized Diagnostic Solutions category increased 1% 
in the third quarter of 2019 to $12.5 million dollars, as our cell culture 
business declined by 2%, and our MicroVue Bone Health and 
Complement business grew a combined 17% in the quarter. 
 
Our Molecular Diagnostic Solutions category increased 5% in the third 
quarter to $4.7 million dollars, driven by 20% growth from Solana assay 
revenue.  AmpliVue revenue declined 25% in the quarter as we continue 
to migrate the c. difficile and HSV customers over to Solana. 
 
Gross Profit in the third quarter of 2019 increased $6.2 million dollars to 
$75.9 million, and was driven by higher sales volumes, improved 
product mix, and lower scrap, partially offset by lower overhead factory 
 
10 
absorption and a negative FX impact. Gross margin in the third quarter 
of 2019 was approximately 60%, as compared to 59% in the third 
quarter of 2018.  The increase was due to factors described within the 
net gross profit improvement.  Based on product mix and the prevalence 
of Influenza, we estimate our Q4 gross margin to be in the range of 61% 
to 62%. 
 
R&D expense decreased by $1.1 million dollars in the third quarter as 
compared to the same period last year.   This decrease was due 
primarily to lower spending on projects related to Cardiovascular and 
Solana platforms, as they were largely completed in 2018.  Based on 
our current project priorities, we expect R&D spend to be in the range of 
$13 -14 million for Q4. 
 
Sales and Marketing expense was $26.6 million dollars in the quarter, 
roughly flat to the third quarter of last year. We expect Sales and 
Marketing spend for Q4 to be between 20% to 21% of revenue. 
 
G&A expense increased by $1.5 million dollars in the quarter, primarily 
due to increased facilities costs from the expansion required to integrate 
the acquired Cardiovascular business and professional service fees 
incurred in the period, partially offset by lower transition service fees. 
 
11 
 
Acquisition and Integration costs in the third quarter were $4.5 million 
dollars, up from $2.5 million in the third quarter last year primarily due to 
the impairment loss recorded for a facility lease, as we move our 
company headquarters over to our Summers Ridge facility in November, 
and professional service fees. 
 
Interest expense for the quarter was $3.2 million dollars, and includes 
$0.3 million dollars relating to the Convertible Senior Notes, $0.3 million 
dollars relating to the Senior Credit Facility, and $1.9 million dollars 
relating to the deferred consideration associated with the purchase of 
the BNP business.  On a trailing-twelve-month basis, as compared to 
the prior period, we realized a $11.6 million reduction in interest 
expense due to the reduction in debt of approximately $168.4 million 
dollars.  Over the last twelve months, we paid down our Revolving 
Credit Facility by $75.0 million, reduced our Convertible Note by $45.4 
million, and paid $48.0 million on the deferred/contingent consideration. 
 
In the quarter, we recorded $1.3 million in income tax provision.  The 
expense for the quarter was favorably impacted by excess tax benefits 
from stock-based compensation.  We believe our effective tax rate for 
 
12 
full year 2019 should be within the range of 18% to 20% of pre-tax 
income before consideration for discrete tax items. 
 
We continue to strengthen our balance sheet. In the quarter, we 
generated $6.4 million dollars in free cash flow after spending $6.9 
million dollars in capital expenditures. We used a portion of the cash to 
pay down another $10.0 million dollars on the Revolving Credit Facility.  
Additionally, the remaining $8.2 million balance of the Revolving Credit 
Facility was paid in full in October 2019. 
 
In the quarter, we had depreciation of $4.8 million dollars and 
amortization of $7.0 million dollars.  As of September 30, 2019, the 
company had $28.9 million dollars in cash on the balance sheet, and 
$13.1 million dollars in principal amount outstanding relating to the 
Convertible Notes. The outstanding principal balance on deferred and 
contingent consideration for the acquired Cardiac assets remains at 
approximately $184.0 million dollars. 
 
And with that, we conclude our formal comments for today.  Operator, 
we are now ready to open the call for questions. 
 
Q&A 
 
13 
 
OPERATOR 
That is all the time we have today.  Please proceed with your 
presentation or any closing remarks. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thanks everyone for your support and for your interest in Quidel.  Q3 
was another solid quarter, and we're in good shape as we finish out the 
year and head into 2020.  Thanks again, everyone. 
 
OPERATOR 
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation, and ask that 
you please disconnect your lines.  Goodbye. 
 