 
1 
 
 
 
          
 
QUIDEL SECOND QUARTER 2019 
CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT 
Thursday, August 8, 2019 
2:00 p.m. PT/ 5:00 p.m. ET 
 
 
 
OPERATOR: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. 
 
Welcome to the Quidel Corporation second Quarter 2019 earnings 
conference call.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode.  
Later, instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session.  If 
anyone has difficulty hearing the conference, please press *0 for 
operator assistance. 
 
I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ruben Argueta, Quidel’s Director 
of Investor Relations.  Please go ahead. 
 

 
2 
Ruben Argueta 
 
Thank you, Operator.  Good afternoon everyone -- and thank you for 
joining today's call.  With me today is our president and chief executive 
officer, Doug Bryant and Randy Steward, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Our second quarter 2019 earnings release is now available on 
ir.quidel.com, our Investor Relations website.  We will also post our 
prepared remarks on the Presentations tab of our IR website following 
the conclusion of this call, on August 8, 2019, for a period of 24 hours. 
 
Please note that this conference call will include forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of Federal securities laws.  It is possible 
that actual results and performance could differ significantly from these 
stated expectations.  For a discussion of risk factors, please review 
Quidel’s annual report on Form 10-K, registration statements and 
subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC. 
 
Furthermore, this conference call contains time-sensitive information 
that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, August 8, 2019.  
Quidel undertakes no obligation to revise or update any statements to 
 
3 
reflect events or circumstances after the date of this conference call, 
except as required by law. 
 
Today, Quidel released financial results for the three months ended 
June 30, 2019.  If you have not received our news release, or if you 
would like to be added to the company's distribution list, please contact 
me at 858-646-8023. 
 
Following Doug's comments, Randy will briefly discuss our financial 
results.  Then, we’ll open the call to your questions. 
 
I’ll now hand the call over to Doug for his comments. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thank you, Ruben, and good afternoon everyone. For today’s call I’ll 
cover three topics, our financial performance for the second quarter, the 
status of products in development, and very briefly, as we’ve done in 
previous quarters, the status of the Danaher litigation.  And as always, 
I’m happy to answer your questions as well, following Randy’s remarks. 
 
Regarding our financial performance, I’ll begin by saying that we had 
 
4 
a solid, profitable quarter.  We met our expectations.  Total revenue was 
$108.3 million on a reported basis, up 5% over last year’s Q2.  On a 
constant currency basis total revenue was up 7% versus last year. 
 
Randy will walk you through the specifics on each of the businesses in a 
moment.  I'll just comment briefly on a couple of the key revenue drivers 
in the quarter.  Clearly the prolonged influenza season was a tailwind.  
Many of you had asked what our expectation was for influenza test 
revenue in Q2.  We said publicly that we certainly expected to exceed 
last year's Q2 influenza revenue, which was $5.5 million, and thought 
that $6 to $10 million seemed like the right range, given our experiences 
in previous years.  Total influenza revenue for the quarter was $13.1 
million, driven mainly by influenza test sales on existing and new Sofia 
instrument placements.  Our forecast was a bit off as we may have 
misunderstood the impact that the new Sofia placements would have. 
 
The other revenue driver I will comment on is the Triage Cardiac and 
Toxicology business.  We had said that we were expecting $276 million 
in revenue for the year, not considering FX, which would mean an 
overall growth rate of just under 4%, driven by introductions in the back 
half of the year of the new toxicology panel globally and high sensitivity 
Troponin in Europe.  We said, further, that we would expect to see 
 
5 
Triage revenue in the range from $64 million to $69 million in the early 
quarters, given sometimes significant variability in distributor orders in 
any given quarter.  For Q2 2019, Cardiac revenues were $69.9 million 
on a constant currency basis, or $68.0 million on a reported basis.  
During the quarter, we did receive FDA clearance to market the Triage 
Toxicology assay and began shipping product to distribution partners 
earlier this week.  In addition, we’re shipping Triage TroponinTrue, our 
high sensitivity point-of-care troponin assay, to a limited number of 
European customers and expect the publication in the fall of the APACE 
study could generate excitement for the product and accelerate our 
launch as we expand more broadly in Europe. 
 
In terms of development, the R&D and regulatory teams continued their 
work at their usual quick pace and made noticeable progress on many 
fronts.  We currently fund and manage over 20 product development 
programs.  I will provide an update on a couple, and if there are others 
you would like me to comment on, I’ll be happy to do that during the 
Q&A.  I’ve said on several occasions that sustainable growth over our 
longer-range plan relies on our ability to leverage our assets and 
infrastructure.  Our Sofia instrument base is an asset that provides 
incredible revenue and margin opportunity in the near to medium term.  
When all R&D programs are adjusted for technical, regulatory and 
 
6 
commercial risk, the Sofia assay program with its eleven assays in 
development is the highest growth driver in the LRP.  Nearest to launch 
are Sofia C. difficile and five other GI assays, which are expected to be 
cleared in the US around the first half of 2020. 
 
The other large potential growth driver is Savanna, and here’s a quick 
update.  Our confidence that we have a high performing cartridge that 
can be reliably manufactured in the millions at very high yields has 
never been higher.  The assay development team in Beverly is running 
ahead of all the other teams and the development of menu will clearly 
not be a constraining factor.  Our third-party instrument manufacturer is 
engaged, and we still believe that we will achieve FDA clearance on the 
instrument by year-end 2020 and will launch in the US with a significant 
menu in the first half of 2021. 
 
Regarding the Danaher or Beckman litigation matter, just as we 
managed our communication last quarter, I will not be taking questions 
regarding pending litigation today.  The Court of Appeal issued an order 
agreeing to hear our writ petition on the merits of the case and has 
stayed the trial court’s December 7th order. We are pleased that the 
court of appeal has agreed to hear the merits of our challenge of the 
trial court’s decision. The timing for hearing oral arguments is scheduled 
 
7 
for the morning of August 13th, with a decision from the court expected 
within 90 days from when the court hears the matter. Our position 
remains unchanged. We view Beckman’s claims as meritless, and in 
opposition to Beckman’s longstanding strategy of honoring the Supply 
Agreement with its previous partners, Alere and BioSite, over the last 15 
years. We remain confident in our position and confident in the outcome 
of the matter on appeal and ultimately at trial, as the matter progresses. 
 
In summary, we had another solid quarter, and we accomplished a great 
deal.  Sofia placements continue to grow, aided somewhat by the 
launch of Sofia Lyme, although we are still in the early stages of 
creating patient and physician awareness.  The Triage business is 
performing as expected and the integration of the Alere assets is nearly 
complete. We’re generating cash and continuing to pay down debt.  It 
was a quarter when we pretty much did what we said we would do. 
 
Randy? 
 
RANDY STEWARD 
 
Second Quarter Financial Results 
 
8 
Thank you, Doug.  Good afternoon everyone.  As we reported earlier 
today, total revenues for the second quarter of 2019 were $108.3 million 
dollars, as compared to $103.2 million dollars in the second quarter of 
2018, an increase of 5%.  On a constant currency basis, revenue 
increased a solid 7%. 
 
Rapid Immunoassay revenue increased 30%, from the second quarter 
of 2018 due to strong results from our Sofia franchise, which 
experienced growth across virtually all products.  The largest Rapid 
Immunoassay dollar growth came from the Influenza category, up $6.2 
million dollars.  Flu revenue for the rapid category was $9.3 million 
dollars, while Strep A declined 9% and RSV increased 6%.  The Strep A 
revenue decline was purely driven by fluctuation in distribution inventory 
levels.   Rapid Immunoassay inventory at distribution is down 41% from 
the second quarter of last year, and down 44% sequentially.  More 
granularly, Influenza inventories at distribution are down 56% versus last 
year's second quarter, and Strep A inventories are down 33% versus the 
second quarter of last year.  For the second quarter, Sofia revenue was 
$11.6 million dollars, as compared to $5.1 million dollars in Q2 of the 
prior year, and QuickVue revenue was $8.9 million dollars, as compared 
to $10.1 million dollars in Q2 of 2018. 
 
 
9 
In the Cardiac Immunoassay category, revenue totaled $68.0 million 
dollars in the quarter versus $69.9 million in the same period last year.  
On a constant currency basis, revenue was in line with last year.  Within 
the category, Triage revenue was $36.8 million dollars, a decline of 4% 
from the second quarter of 2018.  Regionally, Triage saw revenue 
declines in the U.S, and to a lesser extent, Latin America and Asia 
Pacific, which was partially offset by 16% growth in China.  On a 
constant currency basis, Triage revenue was down 1% versus last year. 
 
On the Beckman BNP side, revenue decreased 1% over the second 
quarter of 2018 to $31.2 million and on a constant currency basis, BNP 
was up 1%.  Regionally, North America and China delivered top line 
growth, which was offset by a revenue decline in the EMEA and Asia 
Pacific regions. 
 
Revenue in the Specialized Diagnostic Solutions category increased 
13% in the second quarter of 2019 to $14.3 million dollars, as our cell 
culture business grew 10%, driven by growth in China, and our 
MicroVue Bone Health and Complement business grew a combined 
19% in the quarter. 
 
 
10 
Our Molecular Diagnostic Solutions category increased 7% in the 
second quarter to $4.2 million dollars, driven by 26% growth from 
Solana assay revenue.  AmpliVue revenue continues to decline as we 
migrate the c. difficile and HSV assays over to Solana. 
 
Gross Profit in the second quarter of 2019 increased $1.5 million dollars 
to $59.2 million, primarily the result of increased revenues and improved 
product mix.   Gross margin in the second quarter of 2019 was 
approximately 55%, as compared to 56% in the second quarter of 2018.  
The slight decline was the result of an unfavorable foreign exchange 
impact, geographic product mix, as well as unfavorable factory 
absorption.  In the back half of the year, we anticipate an improvement 
in gross margin versus 2018, and full year results should be consistent 
with last year. 
 
R&D expense decreased by $1.6 million dollars in the second quarter 
as compared to the same period last year.  This decrease is primarily 
driven by lower compensation costs, partially offset by higher spending 
on Sofia assay development and the Savanna platform.  We reiterate 
our estimate of full-year spend between $53 million dollars and $55 
million dollars. 
 
 
11 
Sales and Marketing expense was $26.9 million dollars in the quarter, a 
decrease of $0.6 million dollars, as compared to the second quarter last 
year.  This decrease was largely due to lower transition service 
expenses that were partially offset by higher salaries, as we complete 
the globalization of our commercial team. 
 
G&A expense increased by $1.4 million dollars in the quarter, primarily 
due to higher facilities costs associated with our international expansion, 
as well as professional services fees, offset by lower transition services 
fees, as our integration of the acquired Cardiac assets nears 
completion. 
 
Acquisition and Integration costs in the second quarter were $1.8 million 
dollars, down from $4.9 million in the second quarter last year, as a 
larger proportion of our global operations became fully integrated into 
the overall business. 
 
Interest expense for the quarter was $4.5 million dollars, and includes 
$0.8 million dollars relating to the Convertible Senior Notes, $0.5 million 
dollars relating to the Senior Credit Facility, and $2.2 million dollars 
relating to the deferred and contingent consideration associated with the 
purchase of the BNP business.  The $2.3 million decrease in interest 
 
12 
expense over last year was due to the reduction in debt of 
approximately $158.4 million dollars over the last twelve months, and 
this includes the deferred and contingent consideration. 
 
In the quarter, we recorded $0.7 million in income tax benefit.  The 
benefit for the quarter was due to the fact that the discrete tax benefit for 
excess stock-based compensation expense was greater than the 
income tax liability for the quarter.  We believe our effective tax rate for 
full year 2019 should be within the range of 19% to 21% of pre-tax 
income before consideration for discrete tax items.  The impact of the 
2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act regulations are yet to be finalized, and will 
determine where we fall in this range. 
 
We continue to strengthen our balance sheet.  In the quarter, we 
generated $34 million dollars in free cash flow after spending $6.8 
million dollars in capital expenditures. We used a portion of the cash to 
pay down another $15.0 million dollars on the Revolving Credit Facility.  
Additionally, in April we made our second $48.0 million-dollar payment 
to Abbott.  And finally, in June, the Company exchanged approximately 
$45.4 million dollars in aggregate principal amount  of our Convertible 
Notes for 1.5 million shares. 
 
 
13 
In the quarter, we had depreciation of $4.9 million dollars and 
amortization of $7.0 million dollars.  As of June 30, 2019, the company 
had $28.6 million dollars in cash on the balance sheet, $13.1 million 
dollars in principal amount outstanding relating to the Convertible Notes, 
and $18.2 million dollars outstanding on the Revolving Credit Facility.   
The outstanding principal balance on deferred and contingent 
consideration for the acquired Cardiac assets is now approximately 
$184.0 million dollars. 
 
And with that, we conclude our formal comments for today.  Operator, 
we are now ready to open the call for questions. 
 
Q&A 
 
OPERATOR 
That is all the time we have today.  Please proceed with your 
presentation or any closing remarks. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thanks everyone for your support and for your interest in Quidel.  We 
had another great quarter, and I believe that we are well-positioned to 
achieve our growth objectives.  Take care, everyone. 
 
14 
 
OPERATOR 
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation, and ask that 
you please disconnect your lines.  Goodbye. 
 