 
1 
 
 
 
           
 
QUIDEL FIRST QUARTER 2020  
CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT 
 Wednesday, May 6, 2020  
2:00 p.m. PT/ 5:00 p.m. ET 
 
 
  
 
 
OPERATOR: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. 
 
Welcome to the Quidel Corporation First Quarter 2020 earnings 
conference call.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode.  
Later, instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session.  If 
anyone has difficulty hearing the conference, please press *0 for 
operator assistance. 
 
I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ruben Argueta, Quidel’s Director 
of Investor Relations.  Please go ahead. 
 
 
Ruben Argueta 

 
2 
Thank you, Operator.  Good afternoon everyone -- and thank you for 
joining today's call.  With me today is our president and chief executive 
officer, Doug Bryant, and Randy Steward, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Our first quarter 2020 earnings release is now available on 
ir.quidel.com, our Investor Relations website.  We will also post our 
prepared remarks on the Presentations tab of our IR website following 
the conclusion of this call, on May 6th, for a period of 24 hours. 
 
Please note that this conference call will include forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of Federal securities laws.  It is possible 
that actual results and performance could differ significantly from these 
stated expectations.  For a discussion of risk factors, please review 
Quidel’s annual report on Form 10-K, registration statements and 
subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC. 
 
Furthermore, this conference call contains time-sensitive information 
that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 6, 2020.  
Quidel undertakes no obligation to revise or update any statements to 
reflect events or circumstances after the date of this conference call, 
except as required by law. 
 
Today, Quidel released financial results for the three months ended 
March 31, 2020.  If you have not received our news release, or if you 
would like to be added to the company's distribution list, please contact 
me at 858-646-8023. 
 
 
3 
Following Doug's comments, Randy will briefly discuss our financial 
results.  Then, we’ll open the call to take your questions. 
 
I’ll now hand the call over to Doug for his comments. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thank you Ruben, and good afternoon everyone.  First quarter 2020 
feels like a really long time ago.  We had a good quarter — in terms of 
product development, manufacturing, and financial performance.  I will 
be unusually brief though, as I know there will be several questions with 
respect to what we are doing with our SARS-2 coronavirus assays.  
 
Total revenue for Q1 was roughly $175 million, driven by $80 million in 
influenza testing revenue, which demonstrated the strength of our Sofia 
franchise and shows what leveraging 43,000 analyzers looks like.  
Favorability in respiratory disease testing was offset by a decline at the 
end of the quarter in patient demand for our Cardiometabolic products.  
 
In terms of product development, first, the Savanna team made 
significant progress, which gives me a great deal of confidence as we 
exit this year that we'll have a highly competitive sample-to-answer 
molecular platform, one that will likely begin to take significant market 
share in 2021.  I predict that Savanna will become, within a two to three 
year window, our next flagship product, perhaps equal to our Sofia 
franchise in importance.   
 
 
4 
Second, the Triage hs-Troponin team prepared and submitted our pre-
submission package to the FDA in advance of the dialogue we will have 
with them shortly in preparation for the U.S. clinical trial later this year.  
 
And finally, while several other assay programs remained on track, we 
began the development of three COVID-19 product offerings, the Lyra 
reverse transcriptase PCR for high volume, high complexity labs, the 
Sofia SARS Antigen assay, and the Sofia serology assay.  
 
On March 17th, we received Emergency Use Authorization from the 
FDA for Lyra SARS-CoV-2 and began immediately solidifying our supply 
chain and ramping up manufacturing.  Before the end of the quarter, we 
were able to manufacture a modest volume of PCR kits, all of which 
were sold.  The Sofia assays are now in the final stages of 
development.  We suggested a summer launch for both assays and are 
running slightly ahead of that timetable.  
 
In terms of manufacturing in the quarter, our operations group 
demonstrated the strength of our supply chain and production teams, 
generating record levels of output when others in our industry were 
struggling to keep up with demand.  The proven scalability of our Sofia 
cartridge manufacturing lines during this recent influenza epidemic 
portends well for our ability to meaningfully contribute to improving U.S. 
public health during the COVID-19 epidemic.  
 
Randy?  
 
5 
 
RANDY STEWARD 
First Quarter Financial Results 
Thank you, Doug. Good afternoon everyone.  As we reported earlier 
today, total revenues for the first quarter of 2020 were $174.7 million 
dollars, as compared to $148.0 million dollars in the first quarter of 2019.  
The 18% increase in revenue was driven mostly by growth in flu and 
other respiratory products. In the first quarter of 2020, Rapid 
Immunoassay grew 54% over the first quarter of the prior year, while 
Molecular Diagnostics Solutions grew 45%, and Specialized Diagnostic 
Solutions grew 19%.  Foreign currency impact was minimal, at $0.5 
million dollars in the quarter.  
 
For the Cardiometabolic Immunoassay business, revenue was $53.9 
million dollars, an 18% decrease in the first quarter of 2020, or a 17% 
decrease in constant currency. Of the $53.9 million dollars in 
Cardiometabolic revenue, $28.5 million dollars were derived from the 
Triage business, and $25.5 million dollars from the Beckman BNP 
business.  In the first quarter, we saw an atypical decline in all the major 
geographies, as patients with chest pain either would not or could not 
visit traditional testing centers as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.  
We believe this first quarter trend will continue for the next couple 
quarters.   
 
Rapid Immunoassay product revenues increased 54% to $95.9 million 
dollars in the first quarter of 2020 as compared to $62.5 million dollars in 
 
6 
the previous year.  Within this category, Sofia products grew 52 percent 
from the first quarter of 2019 to $65.2 million dollars, while QuickVue 
product revenues increased 61% to $29.5 million dollars, both driven by 
Influenza.   
 
Total Influenza revenue, which includes Rapid Immunoassay, DHI 
Respiratory and Molecular Diagnostics, grew 69% in the quarter to 
$79.6 million dollars.  The Influenza Rapid Immunoassay revenue was 
$73.8 million dollars, with approximately 76% of the revenue derived 
from the Sofia platform.  Rapid Immunoassay revenue for Strep grew 
22% from the first quarter of 2019, and RSV revenue grew 17%. 
 
Revenue in the Specialized Diagnostic Solutions category increased 
19% in the first quarter to $16.5 million dollars, driven by a 36% 
increase in DHI respiratory revenue and 44% growth in our General 
Virology segment.  
 
Our Molecular Diagnostic Solutions category increased 45 percent in 
the quarter to $8.4 million dollars due to 41% revenue growth in Solana. 
This growth was primarily driven by the respiratory season, as Influenza 
revenue grew 120%, and Strep A grew 24%.  Adding to the overall 
molecular growth, the Lyra product category grew to $1.7 million dollars 
in the quarter, driven by $1.0 million dollars in sales of our Lyra SARS-
CoV-2 product, which was granted EUA by the FDA on March 17th.  
 
Gross Profit in the first quarter of 2020 increased $24.1 million dollars to 
$115.0 million dollars, primarily driven by higher sales volumes, 
 
7 
favorable product and geographic mix, and higher manufacturing 
overhead absorption.  Gross profit margin in the first quarter of 2020 
improved to 65.8%.     
 
R&D expense increased by $2.4 million dollars in the first quarter of 
2020 as compared to the same period in 2019.  This increase is due to 
higher employee-related costs, increased spending on clinical trials, 
development of COVID-19 assays, and next-generation platform 
development projects.   
 
Sales and Marketing expense in the first quarter of 2020 increased by 
$1.1 million dollars as compared to the same period last year, due to 
higher employee-related costs driven by increased revenue in the 
quarter.   
 
G&A expense increased by $0.9 million dollars in the quarter, primarily 
due to greater employee-related costs driven by improved financial 
performance in the quarter.   
 
As it relates to the provision for income taxes, we recorded $8.6 million 
in income tax provision in the quarter, and the effective tax rate was 
17.6%.  From the statutory tax rate of 21%, the effective tax rate 
benefited from foreign derived intangible income, R&D tax credits, and 
stock-based compensation, somewhat offset by state taxes and one-
time discrete items.  
 
 
8 
As of the end of March, we had $108.8 million in cash and cash 
equivalents.  In  April, we made the third annual Abbott payment and 
now have $136.0 million dollar balance remaining on the deferred and 
contingent consideration to be paid over the next 3 years. We have no 
outstanding balance on our $175 million-dollar Revolving Credit Facility, 
and only $13 million remaining in Convertible Bond Debt, maturing this 
December.  In short, we have minimal debt, access to credit, and good 
cash flow, which places us in a good position to support our future 
initiatives.  
 
And with that, we conclude our formal comments for today.  Operator, 
we are now ready to open the call for questions.  
 
Q&A 
 
OPERATOR 
That is all the time we have today.  Please proceed with your 
presentation or any closing remarks.  
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thanks everyone for your support and for your interest in Quidel.  We 
had a strong start to the year, and we're in good shape to achieve our 
growth objectives over the next few years.  Thanks again for being on 
the call.   
 
OPERATOR 
 
9 
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation, and ask that 
you please disconnect your lines.  Goodbye. 
 