 
QDEL Q3 2016 Conference Call  1 
 
 
 
          
 
QUIDEL THIRD QUARTER 2016  
CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT 
 Wednesday, October 26, 2016  
2:00 p.m. PT/ 5:00 p.m. ET 
 
 
OPERATOR: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. 
 
Welcome to the Quidel Corporation third quarter 2016 
earnings conference call.  At this time all participants are in a 
listen-only mode.  Later, instructions will be given for the 
question-and-answer session.  If anyone has difficulty 
hearing the conference, please press *0 for operator 
assistance. 
 
I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Randy Steward, 
Quidel’s Chief Financial Officer.  Please go ahead. 
 
Randy Steward 

 
QDEL Q3 2016 Conference Call  2 
Thank you, Operator.  Good afternoon everyone -- and thank 
you for joining today's call.  With me today is our president 
and chief executive officer, Doug Bryant and Ruben Argueta, 
Director of Investor Relations. 
 
Our third quarter 2016 earnings release is now available on 
ir.quidel.com, our Investor Relations website. We will also 
post our prepared remarks on the Presentations tab of our 
IR website following the conclusion of this call, on October 
26th, for a period of 24 hours.  Please note that this 
conference call will include forward-looking statements within 
the meaning of Federal securities laws.  It is possible that 
actual results and performance could differ significantly from 
these stated expectations.  For a discussion of risk factors, 
please review Quidel’s annual report on Form 10-K, 
registration statements and subsequent quarterly reports on 
Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC.  
 
Furthermore, this conference call contains time-sensitive 
information that is accurate only as of the date of the live 
broadcast, October 26, 2016.  Quidel undertakes no 
obligation to revise or update any statements to reflect 
 
QDEL Q3 2016 Conference Call  3 
events or circumstances after the date of this conference 
call, except as required by law.  
 
Today, Quidel released financial results for the three and 
nine months ended September 30, 2016.  If you have not 
received our news release, or if you would like to be added 
to the company's distribution list, please call Ruben at 858-
646-8023. 
 
For today’s call, Doug will report on the highlights of the third 
quarter and provide updates on our product development 
pipeline.  I will then briefly discuss our financial results and 
we’ll open the call for your questions. 
 
I’ll now hand the call over to Doug for his comments. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thank you Randy, and good afternoon everyone.  Total 
revenue for Q3 was $49.3 million dollars, up 5% from $46.8 
million in the same period in 2015.  On the surface, our 
growth rate in the quarter may seem modest, but given how 
unpredictable Q3 distributor ordering can be, I would 
suggest that it's reasonable, and, importantly, that the 
 
QDEL Q3 2016 Conference Call  4 
underlying fundamentals of our business are unchanged. I 
would point out that revenue that is driven by shipments to 
distribution in advance of an undefined respiratory season is 
not necessarily a lagging indicator of commercial 
performance, and may not represent the growth and traction 
that a company is seeing at the end-user level.  And that is 
certainly true in our case.  For today’s call, I’ll talk about 
leading indicators of longer term revenue growth, which were 
positive; the impact of timing of orders and inventory on 
rapid immunoassay test revenue in the quarter; and how we 
are doing with our other key growth drivers. 
 
To begin, there are a number of leading indicators that are a 
pretty good measure of how well we are doing at the end-
user level and that can portend impending success - or the 
opposite I would suppose.  For example the number of 
amendments and renewals to multi-year Sofia agreements is 
a good indicator, because it would support what our 
distributor partners have told us in terms of the stability of 
the existing installed base.  The good news is that the 
number of amendments and renewals to existing Sofia 
agreements in the quarter was significant; therefore the 
number of customers that was lost is few, just as in previous 
 
QDEL Q3 2016 Conference Call  5 
quarters.  Additionally, the number of Sofias connected to the 
Virena cloud would be another indicator of stability, and that 
number increased noticeably as well.  Next, the number of 
new Sofia agreements and placements is another great 
leading indicator.  In Q3 2016, the number of Sofia 
instruments shipped was up 37% over the prior year period, 
and was one of our larger placement quarters since the 
launch of Sofia.  Overall our Sofia business has been a 
home run for us, appears to be robust, and with Vitamin D, 
Lyme and other assays, and Sofia 2, is likely to grow as 
projected, on a path to a number of instruments approaching 
30,000.  In addition, Solana instrument placements for 
Group A Strep confirmatory testing were noticeable in the 
quarter, all of which are incremental to Q3 2015.  Clearances 
to market our Solana products in the US are a performance 
metric for both our R&D and Clinical and Regulatory teams, 
but they are also a leading indicator of the potential for 
commercial success.  In that regard, we’ve recently 
announced the availability of three new Solana products - 
Trichomonas, Influenza A+B, and Strep Complete, our 
confirmatory assay for Strep A and pyogenic C/G - which are 
each in the early stages of market introduction. 
 
 
QDEL Q3 2016 Conference Call  6 
Next, leading indicators aside, shipments to distribution of 
our rapid immunoassay test products in September were 
softer than we would have liked, driven by a number of 
factors.  At the end-user level, many of our larger customers, 
given lighter respiratory disease prevalence in Q1 of this 
year, did not burn through a significant portion of the 
inventory that they had purchased previously.  As a result, 
sales from distribution warehouses to our influenza 
customers were lower versus the prior year quarter by $2 
million.  To illustrate this point, one of our large new alternate 
site customers, encouraged by a distribution promotion, 
purchased $1.2 million in Sofia Influenza and Strep in 
September 2015, but did not need to re-purchase in Q3 of 
this year, and did not.  And of course, even when 
promotional incentives are in place, the knock-on effect of 
lower depletion of inventory than expected at the customer 
level, is less demand for building inventory at distribution 
centers, at least until distributors see CDC data showing ILI 
above 2%, or perhaps until we show them Virena data 
indicating an uptick in influenza testing and positive test 
results.  And so, while inventory built and on hand at 
distribution sites in Q3 was substantially higher than Q2 of 
this year as you would expect, inventory of the top four rapid 
 
QDEL Q3 2016 Conference Call  7 
immunoassay tests was about 13% lower than we saw in Q3 
2015.  In fact, had inventory simply been at the level it was 
last year at the end of Q3, our revenue in the quarter would 
have been $4.2 million higher. 
 
And finally, we did see revenue growth in our non-seasonal 
franchises, although in fairness those businesses are 
smaller.  Nevertheless, their revenue and margin 
contributions are helpful.  Thyretain, our high margin Graves’ 
disease product, grew 7% over the prior year quarter.  Our 
bone health and complement pathway assay business, 
which is also highly profitable, grew 21%, due in large part to 
the acquisition of Immutopics earlier in the year.  And finally, 
revenue and margin for our molecular business, with the 
ongoing launch of Solana Group A Strep, have accelerated, 
with revenue growing 103% over the prior year quarter, as 
several larger customers went live. 
 
In summary, Q3 was a solid quarter.  Our R&D and Clinical 
and Regulatory teams performed well, as they always do.  
Our manufacturing operations groups continued to look for 
ways to lower costs and boost productivity.  And, as 
 
QDEL Q3 2016 Conference Call  8 
evidenced by the recent launch of Solana Influenza A+B, 
we’ve closed some of the gap between USA FDA clearance 
and sales to customers, which further demonstrates the 
improving efficiency of our commercial organization and our 
distribution partners.  Once again, the underlying 
fundamentals of our business are unchanged, and we 
remain focused on our longer term objectives, which we 
firmly believe are achievable. 
 
Randy? 
 
RANDY STEWARD 
Thank you, Doug. 
 
Third Quarter Financial Results 
As we reported earlier today, total revenues for the third 
quarter of 2016 were $49.3 million dollars, as compared to 
$46.8 million dollars in the third quarter of 2015.  
 
Global Infectious Disease revenues, which include 
QuickVue, Sofia, DFA cell culture, and molecular products, 
decreased 2 percent to $32.8 million dollars in the third 
 
QDEL Q3 2016 Conference Call  9 
quarter of 2016.  Influenza revenues, which include Sofia, 
QuickVue, and DHI Respiratory products, decreased 9 
percent to $19.9 million dollars. QuickVue and Sofia 
Influenza inventory at distribution is down 26 percent versus 
the third quarter of last year, resulting in the year over year 
revenue decline.  
 
In the third quarter of 2016, total Strep A revenue grew 19 
percent to 7.7 million dollars driven by revenue growth from 
Sofia, Solana and Lyra assay products.  RSV total product 
sales declined 11 percent to 1.4 million dollars, due to timing 
of distribution orders, inventories at distribution were down 
38 percent versus last year.  
 
Revenues for the Women’s Health category increased 7 
percent in the third quarter of 2016 to 10.2 million dollars.  
Growth in the category was led by Thyretain, which grew 7 
percent, and our Bone Health and Complement business, 
which grew a combined 21 percent, mostly due to the 
Immutopics acquisition earlier this year.  
 
Our Gastrointestinal product category revenues were 1.7 
million dollars in the quarter, and our Other revenues were 
 
QDEL Q3 2016 Conference Call  10 
4.7 million dollars.  In the quarter, we received the final 
milestone based cash payment from the Bill and Melinda 
Gates Foundation.  To date, we have spent in total more 
than the total grant monies of $20.9 million dollars, and have 
achieved all payment related milestones.  Based on these 
facts, we realized the remaining $3.8 million dollars of Grant 
Revenue in the third quarter of this year.  All of the Grant 
Revenue of $20.9 million dollars has now been recorded.  
 
Gross margin in the third quarter of 2016 was equal to last 
year at approximately 64 percent.  The gross margin benefit 
of the incremental Grant Revenue was offset by product mix 
and lower manufacturing volumes.  
 
For the third quarter, Research and Development costs were 
$8.8 million dollars, an increase of $400 thousand dollars, as 
we continue our investment in the Sofia 2 and Savanna 
platforms.  Additionally, we had higher clinical trial costs for 
Solana products.  Including yesterday's FDA clearance for 
Solana Strep Complete, we estimate that we could exit the 
year with a total of five Solana assays cleared and in-market.  
 
QDEL Q3 2016 Conference Call  11 
For the full year, we continue to believe that our R&D 
spending will be in the range of $39 to $40 million dollars. 
 
Sales and Marketing expenses were slightly below last year 
at $11.9 million dollars, as lower compensation costs were 
partially offset by higher marketing activities, including 
Virena.  For the full year, we expect that our S&M spending 
will be in the range of $49 to $50 million dollars. 
 
General and Administrative expenses were $6.6 million 
dollars in the third quarter of 2016.  The increase versus last 
year was primarily due to business integration costs 
associated with the Immutopics acquisition this year, partially 
offset by the suspension of the medical device excise tax.  
 
Our tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 35 
percent, as compared to 59 percent for the third quarter of 
the prior year.  The lower income tax benefit is primarily 
driven by a lower loss before income taxes for Q3 2016 
versus Q3 2015. 
 
Net loss for the third quarter of 2016 was 0.6 million dollars, 
or 2 cents per share, as compared to net loss of 0.8 million 
 
QDEL Q3 2016 Conference Call  12 
dollars, or 2 cents per share, for the third quarter of 2015.  
On a non-GAAP basis, net income for the third quarter of 
2016 was 3.2 million dollars, or 10 cents per diluted share, 
compared to net income of 1.7 million dollars, or 5 cents per 
diluted share for the third quarter of 2015.  
 
Sofia and molecular revenues on a trailing twelve month 
basis were $60.2 million dollars. 
 
From a cash flow perspective, through the nine months 
ended September 30th, Operating activities used $4.8 
million dollars of cash and purchases of property and 
equipment, including intangibles, were $7.9 million dollars.  
In the quarter, the company did not repurchase any common 
stock or convertible senior notes.  Through nine months, the 
Company spent $20.1 million dollars to repurchase shares of 
its common stock and $4.5 million dollars to repurchase the 
convertible senior notes.  As of the end of September, the 
company had no outstanding borrowings under its Senior 
Credit Facility and had $153.4 million dollars in cash on the 
balance sheet. 
 
QDEL Q3 2016 Conference Call  13 
 
And with that, we conclude our formal comments for today.  
Operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions. 
 
Q&A 
 
OPERATOR 
That is all the time we have today.  Please proceed with your 
presentation or any closing remarks. 
 
DOUG BRYANT 
Thanks everyone for your support and for your interest in 
Quidel.  I look forward to sharing our progress with you over 
the next several quarters. Thanks again, everyone. 
 
OPERATOR 
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation, 
and ask that you please disconnect your lines.  Goodbye. 