Indian Energy Exchange Ltd
Registered Office: C/o Avanta Business Centre, First Floor, Unit No. 1.14(a), D2, Southern Park, District Centre, Saket, New Delhi–110017, India
Corporate Office: 9th Floor, Max Towers, Sector 16B, Noida, Uttar Pradesh–201301 , India
Tel: +91-011-3044 6511 | Tel: +91-120-4648 100 | Fax No.: +91-120-4648 115
CIN: L74999DL2007PLC277039 | Website: www.iexindia.com
Dated: July 12, 2024
The Manager The Manager
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Corporate Relationship Department Listing Department
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1
Dalal Street G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai- 400001 Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051
Scrip Code: 540750 Symbol: IEX
Sub: Annual Report for the Financial Year 2023-24 and Notice of 18 th Annual General
Meeting (“AGM”).
Dear Sir / Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), we are submitting herewith the Annual
Report of the Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2024, along with the
Notice of 18th AGM of the Company to be convened through Video Conferencing (VC) /
Other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM).
In accordance with the relevant circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs
(‘MCA’) and the Securities Exchange Board of India (‘SEBI’), the aforesaid Annual Report
& AGM Notice is being sent to the Members of the Company through electronic mode
only.
The schedule of the 18th AGM of the Company is set out below:
Particulars Details
Date & Time of 18th AGM Tuesday, August 06, 2024 at 12:00 Noon (IST) through
VC/OAVM
Book Closure period for the
purpose of AGM Tuesday, July 30, 2024 to Tuesday, August 06, 2024
Cut-off Date for remote
E-voting /E-voting at AGM Tuesday, July 30, 2024
Commencement of Remote
E-Voting Friday, August 02, 2024 (09:00 AM IST)
End of Remote E-Voting Monday, August 05, 2024 (05:00 PM IST)
In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013, rules made
thereunder and Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, Members are provided
with the facility to cast their vote electronically through remote e-voting and e-voting at
the AGM on all resolutions set forth in the Notice of 18th AGM.
The Annual Report and Notice of AGM will also be made available on the Company’s
website: www.iexindia.com.
You are requested to take the above information on record.
Thanking You.
Yours faithfully,
For Indian Energy Exchange Limited
Vineet Harlalka
CFO, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. ACS-16264
Encl: as above
CC:
National Securities Depository Limited
Trade World, 4th Floor, ‘A’ Wing
Kamala Mills Compound Lower Parel,
Mumbai – 400013, Maharashtra
Central Depository Services (India) Limited
Marathon Futurex, 25th Floor,
NM Joshi Marg, Lower Parel(East),
Mumbai-400013 , Maharashtra
ANNUAL REPORT 
2023-24 
TRANSFORMING 
POWER MARKETS 
CORPORATE OFFICE
INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE LIMITED (IEX)
Plot No. C-001/A/1, 9th Floor, Max Towers, Sector 16 B, Noida, 
Gautam Buddha Nagar, Uttar Pradesh – 201301
TRANSFORMING
POWER M A R KET S
ANNUAL REPORT
2023-24
6IEX IMEMOIN 11TIPIXOPY R1711Pr 
v. 
44. 111~ . 
. _ 
iiiiaNWISIWatillartreauotric 4120.•;A:e • •ISti Air/eir 

PAGE 50-112
Statutory Report
Management Discussion and Analysis 34
Director’s Report 54
Corporate Governance Report 85
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report 112
Financial Statements
PAGE 154-214
Standalone Financial Statements 154
Consolidated Financial Statements 214
Corporate Overview
PAGE 04-47
A Strong, Value-driven Organisation 
Shaping India’s Energy Landscape 02
Who We Are 03
Financial Year 2024 04
A Nation Electrified 06
Message to Shareholders 07
IEX geared up for India’s Renewable Energy Future 13
Leveraging Opportunities in a Dynamic Power Market 15
IEX’s Sustainability Journey 17
Forefront of Technological Transformation 18
Timeline 20
Operational Highlights FY’24 22
Market Segments 24
Expanding Horizons 25
IGX – Building a Vibrant Gas Market in India 26
Effective Corporate Governance 
Leading to Sustainable Value Creation 28
Board of Directors 30
Leadership Team 31
Great Place To Work 32
INDEX
IEX: A STRONG, VALUE-DRIVEN ORGANISATION 
SHAPING INDIA’S ENERGY LANDSCAPE
At IEX, our commitment to excellence is deeply rooted in our core values, guiding  
every aspect of our operations as we navigate the complexities of India’s energy 
landscape. With a relentless focus on flexibility, transparency, and customer  
centricity, we have cultivated a culture of excellence that drives us to constantly 
innovate and exceed expectations. Our unwavering dedication to our values  
empowers us to build trust, foster meaningful relationships, and deliver sustainable 
value to all our stakeholders. As a value-driven organisation, we remain steadfast 
in our mission to shape the future of energy in India, driving positive change and 
creating lasting impact.
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
2
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
IEX PROMISE
Power on  Demand 
24x7
Transparency through  
Standardised Contracts
Competitive Prices 
driving Social Welfare 
 Maximisation
Payment Security 
with Robust Risk 
Management Principles
Flexibility to Trade in 
15-Mins Time Block
WHO WE ARE
Providing a nationwide, automated trading platform for physical 
delivery of electricity, renewable energy and certificates. 
The exchange platform enables efficient price discovery and  
increases the accessibility and transparency of the power market 
in India while also enhancing the speed and efficiency of trade 
execution.
VISION
To be the architect of next-generation solutions for 
sustainable energy ensuring competitive, transparent, 
and reliable access.
MISSION
To leverage technology and innovation to establish 
transparent and efficient energy marketplace for 
delivering affordable, reliable energy to consumers.
Annual Report 2023-24
3
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
* 
*  * 
FINANCIAL YEAR 2024: 
A YEAR OF ROBUST GROWTH
IEX Transforming India’s Power Market 
In a dynamic energy environment with growing 
market opportunities, IEX achieved significant growth 
in Financial Year 2024. By strategically expanding its 
product portfolio, entering new markets, and continually 
advancing our technology, IEX successfully navigated 
challenges and leveraged new trends, delivering solid 
value to our stakeholders.
110.1 BU
Trading Volumes 
14% YoY
` 550.8 Cr.
Consolidated Revenue 
16% YoY
` 350.8 Cr.
Consolidated PAT 
15% YoY
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
4
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
111111111111111 
1111111111.1111 
With its transformative business model, the Indian Energy Exchange is creating
tremendous value for its shareholders, year on year.
IEX STANDALONE FY24
390.2
531.4
702.0
784.5
948.2
NET WORTH (` in Crores)
+ 163.7
FY’20 FY’21 FY’22 FY’23 FY’24
EPS* (in `)
+ 0.57
1.99
2.38
3.38
3.27
3.84
FY’20 FY’21 FY’22 FY’23 FY’24
 3,833
 9,969
 20,193
 11,409
11,980
MARKET CAPITALISATION 
(` in Crores)**
+ 570.7
FY’20 FY’21 FY’22 FY’23 FY’24
FY’20
297.2
357.4
477.9
474.1
550.8
FY’21 FY’22 FY’23 FY’24
EBITDA (` in Crores)
+ 70.4
FY’20
244.6
299.7
417.9
409.7
480.1
FY’21 FY’22 FY’23 FY’24
NET PROFIT (` in Crores)
+ 48.7
177.9
213.5
302.5
292.7
341.4
FY’20 FY’21 FY’22 FY’23 FY’24
REVENUE (` in Crores)
+ 76.7
Annual Report 2023-24
5
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
A NATION ELECTRIFIED
India’s story is one of remarkable ascension. Its 
population, currently at 1.4 billion, is projected to 
reach 1.5 billion by 2030, solidifying its position as a 
global powerhouse. The economy is booming with 
a growth of 8.2% in FY’24. This economic vibrancy 
is mirrored in rapid urbanisation, as the World 
Bank estimates India’s urban population to reach  
600 million by 2036.
The consequence of this growth trajectory and 
urbanisation is a surging demand for electricity. The 
Central Electricity Authority expects commercial and 
industrial sectors - the engines of economic growth - to 
witness a faster rise in power consumption compared 
with the residential sector. The CEA has forecast energy 
demand of 2,279 BU and a peak demand of 335 GW by 
FY’30. Till FY42, CEA has forecast 3,805 BU of electricity 
demand. This demand for power underscores the need 
Growing industrialisation, 
increased urbanisation, and 
the government’s focus on 
providing 24x7 power to all, 
along with the impetus on 
electrification as a means to 
achieve decarbonisation - from 
cooking to railway traction 
and electric  vehicles - will all 
contribute significantly to an 
increase in power consumption 
in the country.
for a robust, reliable, and adaptable power sector. The 
government’s focus on electrification as a means to 
achieve decarbonisation - from cooking to railway 
traction, and electric vehicles - will also contribute 
significantly to an increase in power consumption in 
the country.
India’s power sector vision, however, extends beyond 
merely riding the wave of economic expansion. 
Recognizing its environmental responsibility, the nation 
has embarked on an ambitious clean energy journey. 
The target of 500 GW of renewable energy capacity by 
2030, of which 191 GW have already been achieved 
at the end of FY’24, reflects a deep commitment to a 
sustainable future.
In India’s dynamic power sector landscape, IEX stands 
as a critical facilitator. By fostering a transparent and 
efficient electricity trading platform, IEX empowers 
stakeholders to navigate the evolving energy 
landscape. India’s power sector transformation is 
a story of progress, a narrative of balancing growth 
with sustainability. IEX, through its commitment to 
innovation and market transparency, is poised to play 
a key role in the ongoing reform transition, illuminating 
the path towards a brighter, more sustainable energy 
future for India.
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
6
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
MESSAGE TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Shareholders, 
The Indian economy continues to be the fastest growing 
major economy in the world, backed by strong private 
consumption, higher capital expenditure, and a robust 
financial sector. With a GDP growth of 8.2% in FY’24, the 
country is well-positioned to become a $5 trillion economy 
by 2027-28 and surpass Germany and Japan to become the 
third largest economy in the world. 
Such an economic expansion has visible footprints in the 
country’s power sector. Electricity, being the core of all 
industrial and commercial activity, saw a consequent surge 
in demand in FY’24. Power consumption rose 7.7 percent on 
YoY basis to reach 1,622 billion units (BU) in FY ‘24. India’s 
daily peak power demand reached 240 GW in September 
2023, whi.ch was the highest-ever daily peak recorded in the 
country. Recently in May 2024, India met a record maximum 
power demand of 250 GW.  It is projected that India would 
contribute approximately 25 percent of the total global 
energy demand growth over the next 15 years. As per the 
CEA, electricity consumption is expected to increase at a rate 
of over 6 percent per annum to reach 2,279 BU by 2030. This 
provides a large growth potential for the country’s electricity 
sector. 
India’s present installed capacity is at 442 GW with renewable 
capacity of 191 GW, which is 43 percent of total capacity. 
Having added nearly 19 GW of RE capacity in FY’24, India 
had one of the fastest renewable energy (RE) capacity 
addition among major economies in this financial year. To 
meet India’s growing electricity demand, the Government 
has already put in place capacity addition plans for both 
thermal and renewable power. Around 15GW of thermal 
capacity is expected to be commissioned in FY’25. About 
50GW or more thermal capacity will be added in the next 
4-5 years. Additionally, 140GW of green energy capacity is 
under tendering and implementation. Already the Ministry of 
SATYANARAYAN GOEL
Chairman & Managing Director
Power has planned to add 50GW of RE capacity every year to 
achieve 500GW RE capacity by 2030.  
To enable renewable power integration with the grid, the 
Ministry of Power has finalised Viability Gap Funding 
mechanism to develop Battery Energy Storage Systems 
(BESS) in the country. To begin with, BESS capacity of 4,000 
MWh will be developed on this proposed model. Under this 
model, BESS would be able to store surplus solar power 
during day-time and deliver electricity during hours of peak 
demand and also be able to stabilize the grid by providing 
ancillary services. One of the options considered for charging 
and discharging of the BESS is through Power Exchanges. 
Additionally, the Government is also pushing the Green 
Hydrogen Mission with 125 GW of green energy requirement 
for Green Hydrogen of 5 million tonnes per annum by 2030.
While global economies have been severely impacted due 
to supply disruptions caused by adverse geopolitical events 
over the last two years, the Indian economy has managed 
these intermittent crises well. Policy interventions by the 
Government of India have helped increase domestic fuel 
production and eased supply constraints. Contrary to last 
year, we are now witnessing a scenario where there is no 
fuel shortage. India’s coal production increased 11.7% YoY 
to nearly touch 1,000 million tonnes in FY’24. The Ministry of 
It is projected that India would 
contribute approximately 25 
percent of the total global 
energy demand growth over the 
next 15 years.
Annual Report 2023-24
7
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
Policy interventions by the 
Government of India have 
helped increase domestic fuel 
production and eased supply 
constraints.
Coal’s Shakti Policy has also allowed power plants, including 
private generators without PPAs, to sell power in all market 
segments of Power Exchanges. Premium on coal under 
Shakti B8 auction came down to around 20% by the end 
of FY’24 and coal inventory was at a comfortable 20 days. 
Overall, the fuel crisis witnessed last fiscal subsided in FY’24.
As India marches towards achieving its net zero target, there 
is bound to be a much larger role of Power Exchanges in the 
country’s energy landscape. The draft National Electricity 
Policy (2023) aims to increase the share of exchanges to 
25 percent by 2030, underlining their importance in the 
energy transition of the nation. Globally, Power Exchanges 
have played a crucial role in reducing the cost of renewable 
integration and providing efficient price signals for newer 
capacity addition. Power markets in India too are poised to 
serve as catalysts for accelerating this renewable generation 
capacity addition in the country. 
POLICY AND REGULATORY ENABLERS THAT 
DEEPENED POWER MARKETS 
During FY’24 there were some noteworthy policy and 
regulatory initiatives that continued to deepen India’s 
power markets and accelerate energy transition towards 
sustainability and self-sufficiency. Some of these key 
initiatives were:
• The Ministry of Power notified the amended Late Payment 
Surcharge Rules which mandates generators having 
PPAs to offer surplus URS power for sale on the Power 
Exchange. These rules also provide for penalty in terms of 
reduced fixed charges to Gencos if they fail to offer URS 
power in the market. This has improved sell liquidity on the 
Exchange platform. Already we are witnessing around 50-
60 MU of URS power being offered on the Exchange on a 
daily basis.
• Notably, the most important regulatory developments of 
FY’24 were implementation of the Indian Electricity Grid 
Code (IEGC); the Sharing of Inter-State Transmission 
Charges Regulations (ISTS); and the GNA Regulations. 
Since the implementation of GNA Regulations in October 
2023, regulatory anomalies between the bilateral and Day 
Ahead Market have been removed. Consequently, volumes 
in the Day Ahead Contingency (DAC) Market have declined, 
while those in the Day Ahead Market have increased. 
Volume in the DAC market in H2 FY’24 was 690 million 
units in comparison to nearly 4.2 billion units in H1 FY’24, a 
decline of 84%. 
• The Ministry of Power amended the Electricity Rules paving 
way for rationalizisation of wheeling charges and additional 
surcharge for Green Energy Open Access consumers.
• The CEA finalized a plan for thermal plants to bring their 
technical minimum operation up to 40%, compared to the 
current 55%. This will facilitate the integration of more 
renewable energy capacity and improve grid efficiency.
• The CEA also amended the procedures for cross border 
trade in electricity, allowing for trade through Real Time 
Markets operated by Power Exchanges. This has led to 
increased cross border volumes on the exchange. For 
FY’24, 4.0 BUs in Cross Border power was traded on 
exchange, an increase of 52% over last fiscal. A report on 
BIMSTEC Energy Outlook 2035 estimates cross border 
electricity trade potential in the region can increase up to 
7 times, from 16BU in 2020 to 127 BU in 2035. This will 
increase CBET volumes at Exchanges. 
• REC trading on Power Exchanges has been increased to 
twice a month. Further, different types of RECs are now 
fungible as one. Consequently, liquidity has increased in 
the REC market. Also because of the removal of REC base 
price, REC prices have come down, leading to increased 
REC sale volume. At 75 lakh certificates REC volume was 
higher by nearly 27% in FY’24 over FY’23. Since the new 
REC regulations, prices have continually become more 
competitive and were traded at a the lowest ever price 
of ` 140 in the REC trading session held in June 2024 
as against ` 1,000 in April 2023. These changes should 
further incentivise obligated entities to buy RECs to meet 
their Renewable Purchase Obligations.
All these policy and regulatory measures improved sell 
side liquidity in the Day Ahead and Real Time Market on 
the exchange by 17% YoY and helped soften power prices. 
DAM prices declined to ` 5.24/unit in FY’24 from ` 5.94/
unit in FY’23, a decline of 12% YoY. As prices continue to 
remain competitive and follow a further downward trajectory, 
it is expected to present an opportunity for Discoms and 
Commercial & Industrial consumers to optimize their power 
procurement cost.
In May 2023, the expert group constituted by the Ministry 
of Power for ‘Development of Electricity Market in India’ 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
8
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
charted out a road map for deepening the power market and 
in accelerating smooth integration of renewable energy into 
the grid.
The expert group took cues from countries such as UK, 
Germany etc. which were able to increase their renewable 
energy penetration to more than 30% by implementing 
market-based reforms such as Contract for Difference 
(CFD). The CFD model is preferred globally, as it ensures no 
hassles of signing rigid PPAs, ensures regular payments, and 
there is no curtailment of power. Looking at international 
experiences, the total capacity awarded through CfD auction 
in UK stands at 33.7 GW. Similarly, Germany added 15 GWs 
in capacity through CfD auctions till 2020 and their target is 
for the electricity grid to be 80% renewables based by 2030. 
The Government of India is also considering CFD model for 
accelerating capacity addition in India.
The report on ‘Development of Electricity Market in India’ 
also includes the proposal to introduce financial products 
for electricity to hedge against price volatility in spot markets 
which will lead to further deepening of power markets. 
The recognition of the inefficiency and inflexibility of long-
term PPAs is expected to result in a stronger role of Power 
Exchanges and enable efficiency in electricity procurement. 
Other market models that are being prominently used by 
many corporates is Virtual PPAs - a bilateral agreement 
signed between the power producer (RE generator) and 
industries/corporates at an agreed contract price. With this 
model, renewable generator can sell power on the exchanges 
in the competitive price segment, while the green attribute of 
that power is given to the industry with whom the Virtual PPA 
is signed. Difference between the PPA price and market price 
is borne by the PPA holders. This can promote innovation, 
flexibility, attract investment, and accelerate capacity addition 
in the renewable sector and would also help in meeting net 
zero targets set by corporates. 
These initiatives will pave the way to achieve India’s net zero 
targets by increasing the sustainability and viability of the 
country’s power sector. International experience shows that 
in well developed power markets, Power Exchanges have 
played a key role in reducing the cost of RE integration. In 
India as well, such models are being considered and will help 
in RE capacity addition. IEX will remain at the forefront of 
this transition by constantly innovating to meet the evolving 
needs of all stakeholders.
It is important to mention that as a follow up to the letter 
shared in June 2023 by the Ministry of Power with the CERC 
with regards Market Coupling, the CERC released a Staff 
paper on Market Coupling in August 2023. Comments on 
the Staff paper from stakeholders were open till October 
2023. Over 70% of respondents to the Staff paper were 
not in favour of market coupling. Subsequently, in an order 
of CERC dated 6th of February 2024, CERC has made one 
thing clear that based on simulation studies for 3 months of 
January, February, March data of ‘23, they found that there is 
practically no merit in coupling of plain vanilla DAM market 
or RTM market. In that order, one part of the issue has been 
addressed which is that there is no advantage of plain vanilla 
coupling. Basis the stakeholder comment, CERC is exploring 
if there is any advantage of coupling RTM market with the 
SCED i.e Security Constrained Economic Dispatch, which is 
operated by Grid India. CERC in its order dated 6th Feb 24 on 
shadow pilot study on market coupling, directed Grid India 
to develop software for shadow pilot within two months of 
the order and after that run simulation for next 4 months. 
The recent amendment in Late Payment Surcharge Rules 
2022, mandate sale of unrequisitioned power (URS) on the 
Exchanges in DAM & RTM. The mandatory sell of URS  power 
in DAM & RTM will lead to optimum utilization of capacity 
and any further optimization by coupling SCED and RTM may 
not lead to any significant value. Therefore, it is expected that 
the shadow pilot being implemented by Grid-India will not 
yield any significant gain. We don’t see any merit in Market 
Coupling. We do believe that even if there is a small gain, 
there will be numerous complexities in its implementation, 
and hence Market Coupling will not be feasible.
TECHNOLOGY AND CUSTOMER CENTRICITY
By prioritizing customer centricity, our technology team 
ensures that IEX’s platform closely aligns with the ever-
changing needs of India’s dynamic energy sector.  We continue 
to leverage technology and innovation to launch market-
friendly products and increase efficiency of operations. We 
have made continuous improvements to our software and 
hardware infrastructure to ensure high availability, reliability, 
and security of our technology platform. IEX has introduced 
API based bidding for all products across the Electricity and 
Policy and regulatory measures 
undertaken during the year 
improved sell side liquidity in 
the Day Ahead and Real Time 
Market on the exchange by 17% 
YoY and helped soften power 
prices during FY’24.
Annual Report 2023-24
9
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
International experience shows 
that in well developed power 
markets, Power Exchanges have 
played a key role in reducing 
the cost of RE integration. In 
India as well, market models are 
being considered and will help in 
RE capacity addition.
the Certificate segments to ease the bidding experience of our 
customers and reduce manual interventions. In FY’24 we also 
started offering an anytime, anywhere, intuitive experience to 
our customers through our web-based platform, ENERGX. 
The platform provides customers with digital registration, 
market data insights, easy financial reconciliation, effective 
user access management, and web-based bidding.
As part of our robust Business Continuity Planning (BCP), 
we have implemented solutions to enable us to have an 
automated and seamless switch of our entire exchange 
operations from our Data Center (DC) to Disaster Recovery 
(DR). We have implemented best-in-class cyber and data 
security solutions to ensure robust and secure operations 
through our platform. Our 24x7 Security Operating Center 
(SOC) ensures a risk free trading experience for our 
customers.
As India strides towards its net-zero journey, IEX aims 
to be at the forefront of adopting new technologies and 
innovations, to forge ahead with new opportunities presented 
by a sustainable energy future.
SOCIAL CONNECT
As a socially responsible corporate citizen committed to 
facilitate India’s decarbonisation targets, your company 
has voluntarily become carbon-neutral for the second year 
running and continues to be India’s only Power Exchange to 
do so. This initiative will also enable our members and clients 
to green up their value chain.
Your company remains steadfast in supporting inclusive and 
sustainable growth of the nation. IEX consciously aims to 
positively impact the community across sections, in various 
ways. During the year, we collaborated with the Sabhyata 
Foundation for promoting and protecting India’s culture, art, 
and heritage. Your company has supported the foundation 
in its initiative of restoration, preservation, and promotion 
of national culture and heritage at the Red Fort Monument 
which is designated as a UNESCO World Heritage site.
IEX BUSINESS
In our 16th year of business, the IEX platform has registred 
over 7,900 participants, and has been able to introduce 
efficiency, transparency, and flexibility in trade, and payment 
security across the entire power sector value chain. These 
milestones have been possible only due to the unwavering 
faith and support of all our partners, employees, and 
stakeholders. 
In FY’24, IEX achieved traded volumes of 110 billion units, a 
growth of 13.8% over FY’23. Electricity volumes at nearly 102 
BUs crossed 100 BUs for the first time since inception and 
were higher by 12% YoY. A total of nearly 84 lakh Certificates 
including RECs and ESCERTs were traded for the fiscal, 
higher by nearly 37%. 
In FY’24 we launched the Ancillary market, the High-Priced 
Term Ahead market, and are currently awaiting approval from 
the CERC on our petition to extend the term-ahead market 
contract from 90 days to 11 months. 
The good news is that the overall short-term market in India is 
increasing. According to data from CERC, up till March 2024, 
the Short-Term market has grown to account for about 13% 
of the country’s overall generation, up from 12% in FY’23. And 
within the short-term market, Exchanges share has increased 
to more than 50%. This is an encouraging trend and points 
towards the deepening of power markets. However, there is 
still a need to increase the share of Exchanges in the country. 
At 8% of overall generation, we are still a distant number 
compared with European countries which trade over 50% of 
generation through Power Exchanges.
For the full fiscal year 2024, on a consolidated basis, 
revenue increased by 16.1 percent on a YoY basis, from 
` 474.1Cr in FY’23 to ` 550.8 Cr in FY’24. Consolidated PAT at 
` 350.8 Cr grew 14.7 percent on YoY basis as compared to  
` 305.9 Cr in FY’23. 
IEX aims to be at the forefront of 
adopting new technologies and 
innovations, to forge ahead with 
new opportunities presented by 
a sustainable energy future.
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
10
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
For fiscal year 2024, the Board of the Directors of the 
Company announced total dividend of ` 2.5/- equivalent to 
250 percent of the face value of equity shares.
With the launch of new products, investment in technology 
and innovation, customer centric initiatives, and an increase 
in country’s power consumption, your company expects to 
grow even more strongly as compared to previous years 
while continuing to accentuate the country’s energy sector 
value chain.
INDIA’S PREMIER GAS EXCHANGE
Aligned with the Government’s vision to double the share of 
natural gas in India’s energy basket to 15 percent by 2030, 
the Indian Energy Exchange (IEX) launched the Indian Gas 
Exchange (IGX) in 2020. IGX is India’s first national level gas 
exchange for physical delivery of natural gas. In the three 
years since inception, the exchange has traded a cumulative 
of 100 million MMBtU in volumes to command about 10 
percent of the natural gas spot market share in the country.  
Due to wide variations in price and demand and supply of gas 
in FY’24, IGX traded 41 million MMBtu of gas and registered 
a profit of ` 23 crores.  The IGX currently offers delivery-
based trade at multiple delivery points across four regional 
gas hubs in India - Western Hub, Southern Hub, Eastern Hub, 
Central Hub.
There have been many positives for IGX in FY’24 such 
as DGH Empanelment which now enables domestic 
producers to auction their gas through IGX; allowing fertilizer 
manufactures to buy domestic gas through IGX on a pilot 
basis; and approval to launch small scale LNG contracts for 
trading. In FY’23, IGX had launched the Gas Index of India 
(GIXI), which was the first-ever nation-wide price index to 
reflect the benchmark natural gas price for India. In FY’24, 
IGX signed an MoU with GSPC to develop the Hydrogen Price 
Index in Gift City and with S&P Global Platts to launch Long 
Duration Contracts (LDC) with linkage to indices such as 
WIM, JKM, Brent etc. 
IGX continues to work with the Ministry, Regulator, market 
participants and other stakeholders to realise the nation’s 
dream of building a sustainable energy future through a 
vibrant gas market.
WAY FORWARD
As India marches towards achieving its net zero targets by 
2070, there will be a much larger role of Power Exchanges in 
the country’s energy landscape. With India’s GDP projected 
to grow at a robust 7-8 percent per annum for the next few 
years, and the consequent electricity demand growth, the 
power sector remains poised for growth and innovation. 
Towards the end of FY’24 Battery Energy Storage Systems 
(BESS) gained some traction as we witnessed a drastic fall in 
BESS discovered rates from nearly ` 11/kWh to about ~3.66/
kWh for two cycle operations per day and these rates are 
expected to further decline by the end of this calendar year 
due to significant over capacity of BESS manufacturing. This 
would make BESS more viable and is likely to increase BESS 
participation for sale of power during peak hours in power 
markets. Additionally, Firm and Dispatchable RE (FDRE) and 
Round the Clock (RTC) tenders are also gaining traction 
and Exchanges would play a key role to support these 
innovations in meeting Discoms demand and RPO targets. 
These contracts will have surplus generation capacity and 
Exchanges can play an important role in providing sell option 
for these. Further, 5% of annual commitment in FDRE can be 
purchased for GDAM.
To further create a liquid Green Market at the exchange, we 
have constantly advocated the use of market-based options 
for RE capacity addition such as CfD, Virtual PPAs and 
merchant models. The Ministry of Power is exploring to set 
up 1,000 MW of RE capacity through the CfD model. Similarly, 
VPPA models have been successful among corporates in the 
US market, and in the case of India as well, we see interest 
among C&I players to use this model for accumulating green 
credits. Currently, more than 1 GW of RE capacity under VPPA 
and merchant model is participating at IEX and further, it is 
expected to increase to ~ 2.5 GW by end of FY’25.
In FY’24, IEX achieved traded 
volumes of 110 billion units, a 
growth of 13.8% over FY’23.
With new product launches, 
investment in technology and 
innovation, customer-centric 
initiatives, and rising power 
consumption, your company 
expects stronger growth 
than previous years, further 
enhancing the country’s energy 
sector value chain.
Annual Report 2023-24
11
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
7 
Further, as a part of their Net Zero goals, Indian arms of large 
multinational companies have also begun to advocate 24x7 
RE supply matching with the actual consumption. From a 
market perspective, we see a future for products which can 
solve the liquidity concerns in Green Markets, risk of deviation 
exposure for RE and meet the 24x7 RE targets of corporates. 
We are working towards developing the Green RTM product 
which will be an hour ahead market like the conventional 
RTM, subject to the approval of the CERC.  
With the announcement of the Prime Minister’s Surya-Ghar 
policy for promoting and installing Roof Top Solar (RTS), an 
emerging trend in India’s energy transition is the potential 
for developing local energy markets such as P2P trading. 
Going forward, with large scale Roof top solar, there would 
be a need to transition from a subsidy-based mechanism 
(Net Metering) to a market-based mechanism (P2P Trading). 
While some States such as Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka and 
Delhi have taken a lead in framing guidelines and regulations, 
we expect other States to follow through in the next few 
years as roof top solar capacities rise. IEX, along with ISGF 
and Power Ledger, are evaluating opportunities to set up P2P 
energy market in states.
The REC market which commenced on exchanges in 
2011 has been playing an important role in fulling the RPO 
requirements of Obligated consumers and is an important 
enabler to facilitate decarbonization in India. With an 
inventory of more than 30 million certificates and a sharp 
decline in prices to ` 140 per certificate as compared to  
` 1,000 per certificate a year ago, there is a lot of opportunity 
for obligated entities to fulfil their RPO obligation and 
voluntary customers to meet their sustainability aspiration. 
Additionally, the government’s thrust on green hydrogen and 
green energy storage solutions, such as pumped storage, 
battery, hydrogen etc., will lead to innovation of new products 
and market segments. With India’s NDC target of reducing 
emission intensity of its GDP by 45% (with respect to 2005 
levels) and to become a Net Zero emitter by 2070, the journey 
ahead for power markets is full of opportunities.
Technology driven solutions leveraging futuristic 
technologies such as API based solutions and Robotic 
Process Automations, will automate market operation 
processes for greater efficiency. Your company will continue 
to assess and leverage new opportunities to deliver highest 
value to all stakeholders and to the country as a whole.
The power sector is undergoing rapid visible shift. We are 
witnessing many Regulatory and Government initiatives 
aimed at deepening the power markets to achieve the 
objectives of India’s energy transition. Your company’s strong 
governance structure, ethics and business fundamentals 
will continue to deliver the country’s vision for economic 
and energy transition. As it has for over a decade, IEX will 
collaborate with all stakeholders, including policymakers, 
regulators, system operators, market participants, members, 
clients, and partners, to develop the country’s energy market 
and foray into new growth opportunities that maximise 
stakeholder value.
With warm regards,
Satyanarayan Goel 
Chairman and Managing Director
Your company’s strong 
governance structure, ethics 
and business fundamentals will 
continue to deliver the country’s 
vision for economic and energy 
transition.
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
12
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
_ 
p 
 
c_n 
IEX GEARED UP FOR 
INDIA’S RENEWABLE 
ENERGY FUTURE
The Indian power sector is amid some foundational 
changes. The rigid, long-term contracts that defined the 
sector have been stagnant over the last few years. Today, is 
an era of agility, increasingly driven by spot electricity trading. 
Data from FY’24 reveals an increase of nearly 20% in traded 
volumes at exchanges compared with the previous fiscal year. 
According to the CERC, up till March 2024, the short-term market 
accounted for 13% of the country’s overall generation, up from 12% 
in FY’23. And within the short-term market, power exchanges have 
grown to account for 8% of overall generation, up from 7% in FY’23. This 
is a testament to the growing preference of flexible power procurement 
strategies and points towards the deepening of power markets. However, there 
is still a need to increase the share of power exchanges in the country.
A shift from PPA’s towards Exchange is a game-changer. Utilities can now adapt 
their buying decisions in real-time, responding to fluctuations in demand and optimise 
costs. This responsiveness is particularly crucial as India integrates a growing share of 
renewable energy sources such as solar and wind into its grid. These energy sources, while 
environmentally friendly, are inherently variable. And that’s where power exchanges such 
as IEX, step in and act as facilitators, ensuring a smooth transition towards a sustainable 
future.
Power exchanges have been instrumental in bringing transparency and efficiency in the 
power sector value chain. Competitive price discovery mechanisms ensure fair play, 
while flexible procurement options and payment security empower all stakeholders. 
This focus on efficiency is especially critical as India strives to achieve its 
ambitious climate goals. India has pledged to reduce the emissions intensity 
of its GDP by 45% (with respect to 2005 levels) and become net-zero by 
2070. To achieve this, a large portion of India’s power generation capacity 
must come from non-fossil fuel sources by 2030. Here again, IEX is poised 
to play a pivotal role, facilitating the integration of renewable energy into 
the grid. 
In recent years, the Green Market at IEX has been helping renewable 
energy flows across the country. Generators with green power and 
states with larger renewable portfolios and power availability, 
sell excess green power on the exchange platforms. In 
tandem, the Real-Time-Market, has also become the most 
preferred option for State DISCOMs. The inherent flexibility 
of RTM markets is enabling market participants to meet 
demand variations of electricity in shorter windows, 
support large-scale renewable energy integration, 
Annual Report 2023-24
13
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
and maximise grid security. Moreover, exchanges 
have enabled commercial and industrial units to buy 
directly from the market, ensuring a more reliable and 
economically feasible power supply. Similarly, obligated 
entities purchased 75 lakhs Renewable Energy 
Certificates (RECs) or 7.5 BUs in FY’24 of electricity 
from RE generators through IEX, further deepening the 
renewable power market. 
Power exchanges worldwide have a proven history of 
reducing the cost of renewable energy integration and 
providing clear price signals for new capacity addition. 
Studies such as ‘RE Capacity Addition Through Markets 
to Achieve 2030 Targets (2022)’ conducted by Deloitte 
have shown that market-based renewable energy 
projects offer higher returns compared to traditional 
PPAs. They also address issues like delays in signing 
PPAs, PSAs and payment disputes, ensuring smoother 
operations.
The true potential of renewable energy lies in its ability 
to provide 24/7 power. This is where grid-level energy 
storage comes into play. Battery Energy Storage 
Systems (BESS) are poised to be a future growth driver, 
enabling renewable energy to be available around the 
clock at cost-effective prices.
The sharper decline in BESS cost over recent years 
is expected to accelerate energy transition with  
increased role of BESS. The BESS tariff discovered in 
the recent GUVNL’s tender for two cycle operation per 
day (` 3.72 lacs/MW/Month) is almost one fifth of that 
discovered in SECI (` 4.45 lacs/MW/Month). 
Another important enabler to support higher solar 
absorption is shifting of agri-load in many states. 
Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka etc. have 
shifted majority of their agri demand during solar 
hours, thereby maximising absorption of cheaper solar 
power and reducing dependence on non-fossil fuels 
for agriculture load.
Opportunity for share of 
exchanges to increase as 
European countries trade more 
than 50% of generation through 
power exchanges.
Additionally, innovative concepts such as Firm and 
Dispatchable RE (FDRE) and Round the Clock (RTC) 
tenders are gaining traction. IEX stands ready to 
support these advancements, providing a platform 
for selling surplus capacity generated through these 
contracts and ensuring DISCOMs meet their Renewable 
Purchase Obligation (RPO) targets.
As renewables become more cost competitive and 
consequently a more mainstream source of capacity, 
the dominance of long-term PPAs would expectedly 
decline. The short-term and spot markets, would 
then play a significant role in managing the variability 
of these clean energy sources. IEX, through its 
commitment to a transparent and efficient market, 
is a vital player in this ongoing transformation. By 
facilitating the seamless integration of diverse power 
sources, IEX is illuminating the path towards a brighter 
and more sustainable energy future for India.
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
14
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
NAVIGATING THE CURRENTS:  
LEVERAGING OPPORTUNITIES 
IN A DYNAMIC POWER MARKET 
In the backdrop of the renewable energy trajectory set 
out by India’s policy makers, power exchanges will 
be instrumental in accelerating integration of RE into 
India’s power grid. Globally, countries like the UK, and 
Germany were able to  increase their respective RE 
penetration to more than 40% by implementing market-
based reforms. In India as well, market-based models 
will help achieve the nation’s renewable aspirations. 
Renewables and technology are deemed to play a key 
role in India’s power sector transformation.
Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS), is one of the 
major innovations which is seen as a future growth 
driver for the sector. The missing link thus far for RE 
integration into the grid had been energy storage. It 
was argued that storage needed to first acquire size 
and scale before renewable based power could be 
available round the clock at cost-effective prices. To 
kick the ball rolling, aided by the Government through 
the Viability Gap Funding mechanism, a BESS pilot of 
4,000 MWh capacity will be developed. This would help 
deliver electricity during hours of peak demand. And 
one of the avenues for charging and discharging of the 
BESS would be through power exchanges. Accordingly, 
a BESS tender for 250MW/500MWh has been released. 
The discharge of BESS is expected at exchanges in 
peak hours in DAM and Ancillary. 
Another innovation in India’s power market which is 
some time away is the establishment of a capacity 
market. Capacity markets aim to attract investments 
and accelerate capacity addition in the renewable 
sector. This market and its associated contracts 
are being thought of as the link between power 
generation mix planned by States and balancing of 
power demand. One such model for developing this 
market is the Contract for Difference (CFD), which 
provides revenue certainty to generators. Under this 
mechanism, RE power would be traded and scheduled 
at power exchanges at market prices and revenue to 
the generator would be guaranteed through a ‘strike 
price’, which would be determined through auctions. If 
the discovered market price is greater than the strike 
price, the generator would pay the difference to a pool 
Annual Report 2023-24
15
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
on the lines of the Power System Development Fund 
(PSDF). If market price is less than strike price, the pool 
would pay the difference to the generator.
A variant of the CFD market model being prominently 
discussed among stakeholders includes the Virtual 
PPAs - a bilateral agreement between the RE generator 
and the consumer at an agreed contract price. Under 
this model, the buyer is not obligated to undertake 
direct physical delivery of electricity from a seller. 
Effectively a financial transaction takes place between 
RE generators and signatory to Virtual PPA, while the 
physical transaction is handled by the market. Thus, an 
RE generator can sell power on the power exchange, 
while the green attribute of that power is attributed 
to the commercial and industrial (C&I) consumer 
signatory to the Virtual PPA. 
The future holds greater promise. Government 
initiatives such as the Green Hydrogen Mission and the 
PM-Surya Ghar Rooftop Solar mission pave the way 
for Peer-to-Peer (P2P) trading, fundamentally altering 
how India receives and consumes power. These are 
untapped visible opportunities for exchanges, nudging 
the sector towards the global trend of decentralised  
energy solutions. Decentralised energy sources such 
as rooftop solar, coupled with competitive battery 
storage, and smart grids make local load management 
through demand response programmes increasingly 
viable. Concepts such as local flexibility markets and 
aggregator models can further minimise renewable 
integration costs and optimise distribution networks. 
These local markets can then integrate with the 
wholesale market, creating value for participants and 
optimising flexible resource addition based on market 
signals.
Global experiences of exchanges have consistently 
delivered lower prices than traditional methods. As 
India moves forward with a focus on innovations, 
new exchange products will emerge to cater to 
India’s growing energy needs. IEX, undoubtedly, has a 
significant responsibility in facilitating India’s evolving 
energy mix and growing demand. As an exchange, IEX 
keeps exploring ways to leverage these opportunities 
and explore synergies for effective growth and 
diversification to cater to India’s changing energy mix 
and growing energy demand. 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
16
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
BUILDING A BRIGHTER TOMORROW:  
IEX’S SUSTAINABILITY 
JOURNEY
At IEX, sustainability is a journey we are all in together. 
This year, we took significant steps forward, each 
initiative building upon the last to create a brighter, 
more sustainable tomorrow.
From becoming India’s first carbon-neutral power 
exchange in December 2022 to retaining the honour in 
2023, it is not just about minimising our own footprint; 
it is about setting a powerful example. 
At IEX, our Green Market products such as GDAM,  
GTAM and REC’s remain a vital driver of India’s 
clean energy future. These products facilitate 
trading of renewable energy, encouraging increased 
integration of clean sources such as solar and 
wind into the national grid, and helping obligated  
consumers to meet their Renewable Purchase 
Obligations, and voluntary customers to meet their 
sustainability aspirations. As India strives to achieve its 
ambitious renewable energy targets, IEX stands ready 
to play this pivotal role. The Energy Savings Certificates 
as well which are traded at IEX are  incentivising energy 
efficiency in large energy-intensive industries.
Our vision, however, extends far beyond our borders. 
Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, International 
Carbon Exchange (ICX), our aim is to make a global 
impact in the voluntary carbon market.
At IEX, sustainability goes beyond clean energy 
and encompasses the entire economy. Our 
investment in Enviro Enablers India Private Limited 
(EEIPL), a Material Waste Platform (MWP) acts as 
testament of our sustainability philosophy. The  
platform connects stakeholders across the waste 
management sector and is set to revolutionise  waste 
management practices in the country, making it a 
scientific process that minimises environmental 
impact and promotes resource recovery. 
Sustainability is not just about external impact; it is 
also about leading by example and fostering a culture 
within our workplace. By partnering with BluSmart 
Mobility, we have provided our employees access to 
electric vehicles for commuting. This has not only 
reduced our company’s carbon footprint but has also 
encouraged our team to embrace eco-friendly choices 
in their daily lives.
By combining these initiatives, we aim not just to 
build a sustainable future, but illustrate the path 
of sustainability for others to emulate. We remain 
committed to continuous innovation and collaboration, 
ensuring a brighter and more sustainable tomorrow for 
all.
At IEX, our Green Market 
products such as GDAM, 
GTAM and REC’s remain a vital 
driver of India’s clean energy 
future.
Annual Report 2023-24
17
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
POWERING PROGRESS:  
IEX AT THE FOREFRONT OF 
TECHNOLOGICAL TRANSFORMATION
Technology is the engine driving transformation 
in the Indian power sector. IEX is firmly positioned 
at its forefront, actively adopting, and integrating 
technological advancements shaping this sector. 
At IEX, technology is the lifeblood that propels India’s 
leading power exchange. It is the powerful force, that 
helps us constantly evolve to enhance efficiency 
and security within the exchange. This technological 
efficiency is interwoven with customer centricity, which 
is the DNA of IEX. Our focus is on providing market 
participants seamless access and an exceptional user 
experience through innovative solutions. By prioritising 
customer centricity, our technology ensures that IEX’s 
platform closely aligns with the ever-changing needs 
of India’s dynamic energy sector. 
In keeping with this, the exchange platform has 
over the years optimised the process of power 
procurement through Automated Bidding Solutions 
using Automated Programming Interface (APIs). The 
exchange introduced automated bidding through API 
for the Real-Time-Market, where auction is conducted 
48 times in a day, and minimised manual intervention, 
making the bidding process more seamless. 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
18
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
The use of bidding automation is only bound to 
increase as the RTM market segment grows. Further, 
with the implementation of the new Grid Code and 
the reduction of the bidding window for the Integrated 
DAM (I-DAM) segment to one hour from the earlier two 
hours, there’s heightened need for API based solutions 
for exchange products. To enable customers to benefit 
from bidding automation, IEX has now introduced API 
based bidding for all products across the Electricity 
and the Certificate segments. 
More recently, IEX has moved to the realm of offering an 
anytime, anywhere, intuitive  experience to customers 
through a web-based platform. The platform provides 
customers with digital registration, market data 
insights, easy financial reconciliation, effective user 
access management, and web-based bidding.
IEX: BEST-IN-CLASS TECHNOLOGY FOR AN 
EFFICIENT ENERGY MARKET
The IEX Exchange Technology Price Discovery is based 
on the best-in-class Mixed-Integer Programming (MIP) 
algorithm. To keep up with dynamic technological 
innovations the exchange’s dedicated in-house team 
provides technology customisation in partnership with 
local and global companies. In doing so, our platform 
maximises social welfare for customers.  
IEX is committed to platform security and availability. 
Our focus on continuous improvement has resulted in 
uninterrupted operations - zero unplanned downtime 
or security breaches since inception. Apart from having 
deployed a robust multi-tier cyber security framework 
that helps detect and prevent IT threats, IEX runs a 24/7 
real-time Security Operating Center (SOC) to detect 
any threats in our network. Our members access their 
online trading platform through multiple modes of 
secure connectivity. Deployed in addition are solutions 
such as firewalls with intrusion prevention systems, 
advanced threat protection systems, virtual private 
networks, and end-point security solutions. 
BUILDING A SUSTAINABLE ENERGY FUTURE: IEX 
AT THE FOREFRONT
As India charts its course towards a sustainable 
and resilient energy future, the confluence of new 
technologies stand as a powerful catalyst for this 
change. The convergence of renewable energy, smart 
grids, energy storage, AI, and blockchain is bound 
to unlock a new era of products and technological 
innovations around these products.
An evolving energy market driven by continuous 
innovation is central to achieving sustainability goals. 
IEX recognizes this critical role and remains a dedicated 
partner in this energy transition.
By enabling a deeper market through a technology-
focused approach, IEX is well-positioned to be at 
the forefront of adopting new technologies. This 
commitment will help move us forward in evolving 
energy as a service, ultimately ushering in a sustainable 
and efficient energy future for India, along with the 
agility to function as India’s premier power exchange.
More recently, IEX has moved 
to the realm of offering 
an anytime, anywhere, 
intuitive  experience to 
customers through a web-
based platform. The platform 
provides customers with 
digital registration, market 
data insights, easy financial 
reconciliation, effective user 
access management, and web-
based bidding. 
Annual Report 2023-24
19
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
IEX TIMELINE: 
ACCELERATING GROWTH 
AND LEADERSHIP IN INDIA’S 
POWER MARKET
Since its inception in 2008, IEX has embarked on an 
extraordinary journey of growth and innovation, swiftly 
ascending to a leadership position in India’s dynamic power 
market. Over the years, the exchange has consistently 
demonstrated its ability to adapt to evolving market dynamics 
while driving transformative change. From pioneering new 
market segments to expanding its participant base, IEX’s 
timeline is a testament to its unwavering commitment to 
excellence, innovation, and sustainability in the energy sector.
20
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
nyEppE(c el  EX ACADEMY 
0 0 0 
K) C> 
C> 
K) 
C> 
K) 
J 
K) 
) 
) 
 Launch of Day-Ahead-
Market
 Commenced operation 
with 58 Participants
 
2008
 Registered first Open 
Access Consumer
 Launched Term-Ahead-
Market
2009
 Registered Participants in 
DAM crosses 500+
2010
 Introduction of 
Renewable Energy 
Certificate
 First Non-solar REC 
Trade
2011
 Introduced 15-min 
contract in DAM
 First Solar REC Trade
 MoU with PJM 
Technologies
2012
 Signed MoU with 
JEPX (Japan)
2018  Launch of Real-time Electricity 
Market
 Launch of Green Term-Ahead-
Market  
 Launch of Indian Gas Exchange 
(IGX)
 MoU with Powerledger Australia
2020
 Introduced Energy Savings 
Certificate 
 Listed on NSE and BSE
2017
 Launch of Cross-Border 
Electricity Trading (CBET)
 Launch of Green Day-Ahead-
Market
 Introduction of Advance MIP 
Algorithm
 Launched Web-based Trading 
Portal 
2021
 India’s First Energy 
Exchange to get ISO 
Certificate
2016
 Launch of Term-Ahead-
Market contracts up to 3 
Months
 Launch of PowerX, India’s 
First Electricity Price Index
 Incorporated International 
Carbon Exchange (ICX)
2022
 Introduced Round-the-clock 
Term-Ahead-Market2015
 Launch of High Price Day-
Ahead-Market (HP-DAM)
 Launch of High Price Term 
Ahead Market (HP-TAM)
 Launch of Ancillary Services
 Launch of IEX Academy
2023
PowerX is India’s first Electricity Price Index. It provides 
comprehensive benchmark signals and enables market 
participants to make more effective decisions. The index is the 
weighted average price of Day-Ahead Market and Real-Time 
Market.
IEX Academy is an initiative of Indian Energy Exchange offering to 
enhance expertise in the energy sector by fostering new learnings 
and advancements. IEX Academy offers certification programs 
on relevant and emerging topics in the power industry, enabling 
participants with ample opportunities to learn and enhance their 
skills on cutting-edge technologies and power sector trends.
Annual Report 2023-24
21
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
irislidWiiroirhitommimm 
EMPOWERING ENERGY MARKETS: 
OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS FY’24
During the financial year, IEX demonstrated exceptional performance, marking 
significant milestones and achieving robust growth across all operational segments. 
With over 7,900 registered participants, including a diverse range of stakeholders such 
as DISCOMs, conventional and renewable energy generators, industries, and ESCerts 
entities, IEX solidified its position as India’s premier energy marketplace. Building 
upon success, IEX further enhanced its operational prowess in FY’24, facilitating 
the trading of 110.1 BU, including electricity, green energy, and certificates. These 
achievements underscore IEX’s commitment to driving innovation, efficiency, and 
sustainability in the power market, paving the way for a greener and more resilient 
energy future.
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
22
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
, 
7900+
Registered Participants
4900+
Industries
65+
DISCOMs
2100+
RE Generators
800+
Conventional  Generators
200+
ESCerts Entities
* TAM Includes ITD & DAC
DAM 
53.4 BU
RTM 
30.1 BU
TAM* 
14.9 BU
G-DAM 
2.5 BU
G-TAM 
0.7 BU
REC 
7.5 BU 
75.4 lacs (certificates) ESCerts
0.9 BU, 
8.5 lacs (certificates)
CUMULATIVE VOLUME FY’24: 110.1 BU 13.8% 
YoY
Annual Report 2023-24
23
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
.4. 
V 
MARKET
SEGMENTS
Integrated
Day-Ahead Market
TAM & GTAM
ESCertsREC
RTM
Energy Saving Certiﬁcates
since Sep’17
1 ESCert = 1 Mtoe 
(Metric Tonne Oil Equivalent) 
Integrated Day-Ahead-Market
DAM since Jun’08
Delivery for next day; 15 min. 
contracts, Daily trade 
Price discovery: Closed , 
Double-sided Auction
Price cap of Rs. 10/unit
G-DAM since Oct’21
Same as DAM, priority for 
G-DAM in price & volume
Option to carry forward 
uncleared bids in G-DAM to 
conventional DAM; Single price 
for different RE-solar, non-solar
HP-DAM since Mar’23
Segment within I-DAM on
Day- Ahead basis; Double-sided 
closed auction 
Separate price discovery with 
price cap of Rs. 20/unit and 
floor price of zero
Bidding during DAM, G-DAM 
hours; Market Clearing in 
sequential manner G-DAM, 
DAM, HP-DAM
Ancillary Services (DAM-AS) 
since Jun’23
Procurement of capacity for 
TRAS by NLDC
Separate windows for TRAS-UP 
and TRAS-DOWN
Real-Time-Market
since Jun’20
Half-hourly market (48 times per day)
Delivery for 30 mins in two-time blocks 
of 15 min each
Double-sided closed auction with 
uniform price
Delivery with a notice of one hour 
Ancillary Services (RTM-AS) since 
Jun’23
Separate windows for TRAS-UP and 
TRAS-DOWN
Renewable Energy Certiﬁcates
since Feb’11
Green Attributes as Certificates
Sellers: RE generators  not under feed in 
tariffs
Buyers: Obligated entities; 1MWh 
equivalent to 1 REC
Term-Ahead Contracts
since June’22 (up to 3 months)
Any day (s) single side Reverse 
Auction
Daily (up to 90 days)
Weekly (up to 12 weeks)
Monthly (up to 3 months)
Revision in schedule not allowed
Green Term-Ahead Contracts
since 21 Aug'20
15-minute quotation of quantity 
(MW) and price (Rs./MWh)
Price discovery and matching on 
‘Continuous Trade’ basis
High Price Term-Ahead Contracts
since 18 Oct’23
Contracts include HP-Intraday, 
HP-DAC, HP-Daily, HP-Monthly, 
HP-Any Day Single Side 
Continuous Auction
Intraday  & Day-Ahead 
Contingency: Market Segment 
since Jul’15 
Continuous Trade
Intraday Market : hourly and or 
15-minute contracts on same day 
on rolling basis
Day-Ahead Contingency- 24-hourly 
and or 15-minute contracts on 
Day-Ahead basis for 00:00 hours to 
24:00 hours of next day
Intraday  & Day-Ahead 
Contingency Market
24
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
I C X 
INTERNATIONAL CARBON EXCHANGE 
an HEX venNre 
EXPANDING HORIZONS: 
INTRODUCING INTERNATIONAL 
CARBON EXCHANGE (ICX)
EMPOWERING THE GLOBAL VOLUNTARY CARBON MARKET
At the international level, there is significant demand for 
carbon credits in the voluntary market, and this demand is 
projected to grow rapidly. According to global consulting 
expert McKinsey, depending on different price scenarios 
and their underlying drivers, the voluntary market for 
carbon credits in 2030 could be between $5 billion and 
$30 billion at the low end and more than $50 billion at the 
high end.
Currently, India-based projects contribute approximately 
15-20% of the supply in the Global Voluntary Carbon 
Credit market. This supply is facilitated through bilateral 
contracts and platforms such as Xpansiv and Carbon 
Trade Exchange, which are situated outside of India.
To meet the growing demand in the voluntary carbon 
market, we have recently established our subsidiary, 
International Carbon Exchange (ICX). 
India is a seller of carbon credits and buyers are mostly 
MNC’s and Corporates in the European market. Hence 
carbon credit transactions are expectedly going to be 
Re/$ transactions. These transactions would further 
involve implications of GST and its refund. We are now 
exploring launch of ICX through GIFT City. We have 
already had meetings with GIFT City officials and they 
have written to the Ministry of Finance to include carbon 
credits in the list of tradeable commodities in GIFT City. 
The launch of carbon market may happen soon.
Recently, the Indian Council of Forestry Research and 
Education (ICFRE) which is an autonomous organisation 
under the Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate 
Change (MoEFCC) engaged the services of ICX for 
the software development, operationalization and 
maintenance of the Registry, and the Web Portal for the 
prestigious Green Credit Programme (GCP), which was 
launched by the Honourable Prime Minister in COP 28.
MARKET
SEGMENTS
Integrated
Day-Ahead Market
TAM & GTAM
ESCertsREC
RTM
Energy Saving Certiﬁcates
since Sep’17
1 ESCert = 1 Mtoe 
(Metric Tonne Oil Equivalent) 
Integrated Day-Ahead-Market
DAM since Jun’08
Delivery for next day; 15 min. 
contracts, Daily trade 
Price discovery: Closed , 
Double-sided Auction
Price cap of Rs. 10/unit
G-DAM since Oct’21
Same as DAM, priority for 
G-DAM in price & volume
Option to carry forward 
uncleared bids in G-DAM to 
conventional DAM; Single price 
for different RE-solar, non-solar
HP-DAM since Mar’23
Segment within I-DAM on
Day- Ahead basis; Double-sided 
closed auction 
Separate price discovery with 
price cap of Rs. 20/unit and 
floor price of zero
Bidding during DAM, G-DAM 
hours; Market Clearing in 
sequential manner G-DAM, 
DAM, HP-DAM
Ancillary Services (DAM-AS) 
since Jun’23
Procurement of capacity for 
TRAS by NLDC
Separate windows for TRAS-UP 
and TRAS-DOWN
Real-Time-Market
since Jun’20
Half-hourly market (48 times per day)
Delivery for 30 mins in two-time blocks 
of 15 min each
Double-sided closed auction with 
uniform price
Delivery with a notice of one hour 
Ancillary Services (RTM-AS) since 
Jun’23
Separate windows for TRAS-UP and 
TRAS-DOWN
Renewable Energy Certiﬁcates
since Feb’11
Green Attributes as Certificates
Sellers: RE generators  not under feed in 
tariffs
Buyers: Obligated entities; 1MWh 
equivalent to 1 REC
Term-Ahead Contracts
since June’22 (up to 3 months)
Any day (s) single side Reverse 
Auction
Daily (up to 90 days)
Weekly (up to 12 weeks)
Monthly (up to 3 months)
Revision in schedule not allowed
Green Term-Ahead Contracts
since 21 Aug'20
15-minute quotation of quantity 
(MW) and price (Rs./MWh)
Price discovery and matching on 
‘Continuous Trade’ basis
High Price Term-Ahead Contracts
since 18 Oct’23
Contracts include HP-Intraday, 
HP-DAC, HP-Daily, HP-Monthly, 
HP-Any Day Single Side 
Continuous Auction
Intraday  & Day-Ahead 
Contingency: Market Segment 
since Jul’15 
Continuous Trade
Intraday Market : hourly and or 
15-minute contracts on same day 
on rolling basis
Day-Ahead Contingency- 24-hourly 
and or 15-minute contracts on 
Day-Ahead basis for 00:00 hours to 
24:00 hours of next day
Intraday  & Day-Ahead 
Contingency Market
According to global consulting 
expert, McKinsey, depending 
on different price scenarios 
and their underlying drivers, 
the voluntary market for 
carbon credits in 2030 could 
be between $5 billion and $30 
billion at the low end and more 
than $50 billion at the high end.
Annual Report 2023-24
25
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
4  I GX INDIAN GAS EXCHANGE  an HEX venture 
Aligned with the Government’s vision to double the 
share of natural gas in India’s energy basket to 15 
percent by 2030, the Indian Energy Exchange (IEX) 
launched the Indian Gas Exchange (IGX) in 2020.
Gas markets will play a catalyst role in India’s energy 
shift towards becoming a gas-based economy. 
Competitive and transparent gas prices discovered by 
the exchanges will lead to greater market participation 
and spur investment in the sector. As India transitions 
towards the adoption of sustainable forms of energy, 
IGX is uniquely positioned to facilitate efficient 
integration of natural gas in the energy mix. Further, 
the Gas Index of India (GIXI) provides a market-based 
benchmark gas price for the country.
India’s climate goals necessitate an urgent transition 
from polluting fuels such as coal and oil to cleaner 
alternatives such as Natural Gas. In line with this, the 
government envisions to increase the share of natural 
gas in India’s energy basket from the current 6% to 
15% by 2030. The consumption of natural gas in the 
country was about 185 MMSCMD during FY’24, which 
is slated to grow to over 500 MMSCMD in the next five 
to seven years.
Significant strides have been made by the government 
to meet this growing demand for gas in India. To 
strengthen the gas infrastructure, the existing 
~23,300-km of gas pipelines is planned to be extended 
to 35,000-km in the next two years. The country’s 
Liquified Natural Gas (LNG) terminal capacity reached  
47.5 MMTPA with the commissioning of Dhamra LNG 
Terminal and with upcoming projects, it will be futher  
expanded to more than 70 MMTPA. Development of 
robust infrastructure along with the ramp up in gas 
demand will enable short-term trading of gas in India.
A competitive and transparent gas market would most 
efficiently leverage this transition in the country’s 
energy landscape. It would increase competition and 
enable discovery of market-linked prices. This will 
provide cost optimisation opportunities to industries 
and City Gas Distributors (CGDs), and ultimately reduce 
the cost of gas to customers.
IGX - INDIA’S FIRST GAS EXCHANGE
Operationalised in 2020, Indian Gas Exchange (IGX) is 
India’s first national-level gas exchange for physical 
delivery of natural gas. In a brief span of three years, 
IGX has achieved several important milestones. The 
exchange offers assurance of payment security, 
increased penetration, flexibility in trade, and optimal 
utilisation of infrastructure and investments through 
market-based signals. IGX has witnessed participation 
from almost all the major stakeholders of the sector, 
including GAIL, ONGC, IOCL, RIL, BPCL, HPCL, GSPC, 
PLL, Shell, among others. IGX had the honour of 
receiving the eminent ‘- Excellence in Digitisation 
(Oil And Gas)’ award  at The Economic Times Energy 
Leadership Awards 2023. IGX was also a finalist in the 
“Rising Star Company” category in Platts Global Energy 
Award, the only company from India to reach the finals 
under the mentioned category. 
STEPPING ON THE GAS
Today, IGX constitutes nearly 10% of the country’s 
entire spot market. IGX presently has 44 members 
and more than 190  clients. More than 100 million 
MMBTU of gas has been traded on the exchange since 
inception, with over 800 trades having been executed. 
This is a validation of the efficiency and value that the 
exchange provides to its stakeholders.
In yet another first for India’s gas markets, IGX 
launched a nation-wide price index in December 2022. 
Termed as GIXI (Gas IndeX of India), this price index 
discovers a unique natural gas price for the nation, 
similar to international gas benchmarks such as Platts 
JKM, TTF, HH and WIM, that display prices unique to 
their respective markets. GIXI represents the volume 
weighted average price for all gas traded in the country 
on Any-day (excluding domestic ceiling price gas) and 
is positioned to act as a precursor for Gas Futures.
IGX – BUILDING A VIBRANT 
GAS MARKET IN INDIA
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
26
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
b 
b 
b 
b 
b 
b 
ENABLING REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT
During the year, there were notable regulatory 
developments focussed on broadening grid coverage, 
enhancing market access, and fostering a dynamic 
gas market landscape in India.
 The Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board 
(PNGRB) accorded approval to IGX for trading of 
small-scale Liquified Natural Gas (ssLNG). With 
this approval, IGX shall be able to expand the gas 
market in India and address demand of natural gas 
in areas that are not connected to the national gas 
grid.
 During the year, PNGRB initiated process for 
development of various Natural Gas Pipelines viz. 
Jammu - Srinagar Natural Gas Pipeline, Kakinada- 
Srikakulam Natural Gas pipeline, Kochi to 
Thoothukudi Natural Gas Pipeline via Kanyakumari, 
tie-in connectivity from Gopalpur LNG Terminal to 
Srikakulam - Angul Natural Gas Pipeline.
 With an intention to improve grid access, PNGRB 
sought stakeholders’ comments/views on the 
‘draft PNGRB (Access Code for Common Carrier or 
Contract Carrier Natural Gas Pipeline) Regulations, 
2021’.
 With an intention to provide open access in 
exclusivity-expired CGD Geographical Areas (GAs) 
PNGRB sought views/comments on ‘Draft PNGRB 
(Guiding Principles for Declaring City or Local 
Natural Gas Distribution Networks as Common 
Carrier or Contract Carrier) Regulation, 2023’.
 PNGRB further published list of GAs with no or 
expired infrastructure exclusivity period for the 
laying, building, or expansion of the CGD network.
 In a significant step towards achieving nationwide 
coverage (excluding islands) for the expansion 
of City Gas Distribution (CGD) networks, PNGRB 
successfully concluded the 12 th and 12A CGD 
Bidding Rounds.
Looking ahead, the establishment of a national-level 
gas grid and enhancements in grid access procedures, 
along with the implementation of open access in 
exclusivity-expired CGD GAs, are poised to fortify the 
gas market landscape in the nation.
WAY FORWARD
As India transitions towards the adoption of 
sustainable forms of energy, IGX is positioned to 
facilitate seamless and efficient adoption of natural 
gas in the energy mix. The Gas Exchange will enable 
the natural gas market in India to move towards a 
more structured and organised system, resulting in 
increased competition, higher efficiency, and improved 
price discovery. 
The operationalisation of new CGD networks, the 
price advantage of natural gas against other fuels, 
and increased adoption of natural gas to comply with 
pollution norms would support long-term gas demand 
in the country. The proposed change in India’s domestic 
gas pricing formula is expected to ensure affordability 
of natural gas through capping of gas prices during 
times of volatility.
IGX will continue to work with the regulators, market 
participants and other stakeholders to deepen the gas 
market in India. IGX has already received approval from 
the regulator PNGRB to trade ssLNG at IGX Platform, 
and will soon launch the new trading segment for 
ssLNG. In the near future, the Company is planning to 
launch the Long Duration Contracts (LDC) with linkage 
to S&P Global Platts indices like WIM, JKM, Brent etc. 
Competitive price discovery enabled by IGX will 
continue to fill the demand-supply gap and stimulate 
investments in the gas value chain. The gas exchange 
will play a pivotal role in enabling India’s transition to 
a gas-based economy by benefiting gas producers, 
transporters, marketers, and consumers.
Annual Report 2023-24
27
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
EFFECTIVE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
LEADING TO SUSTAINABLE VALUE CREATION
At IEX, strong ethics and good corporate governance 
form the cornerstone of effective leadership, driving 
sustained growth in our journey of transforming power 
markets. Our commitment to ethical conduct and 
robust governance practices is deeply ingrained in our 
corporate culture. The Board of Directors, with their 
unwavering commitment to the highest standards of 
corporate governance, ensure that IEX is governed 
effectively, adhering to the best industry practices and 
internal control systems.
TRANSPARENCY
Transparency lies at the heart of our corporate 
culture. We believe in providing comprehensive and 
timely disclosures, ensuring that stakeholders have 
access to relevant information about our operations, 
financial performance, and governance practices. Our 
commitment to transparency is evident through:
Financial Reporting:  Adhering to financial reporting 
standards, we provide transparent and accurate 
financial statements in our annual reports and 
regulatory filings.
Disclosure Practices:  We disclose material 
information, including risks, opportunities, and 
governance structures, enabling stakeholders to make 
informed decisions. Our identified channels such as 
stock exchanges and the company’s website provide 
transparent, timely, and cost-efficient access to 
information, reinforcing trust and confidence among 
stakeholders.
Open Communication:  We maintain open 
communication channels with our shareholders, 
employees, customers, and regulators, fostering 
transparency and trust.
The Board of Directors, with 
their unwavering commitment 
to the highest standards of 
corporate governance, ensure 
that IEX is governed effectively, 
adhering to the best industry 
practices and internal control 
systems.
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
28
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
EQUITY
At IEX, we believe in treating all stakeholders with 
fairness. Our commitment to equity is evident through:
Fair Treatment: We uphold fair and equitable treatment 
of shareholders, employees, customers, suppliers, 
and communities, ensuring equal opportunities and 
respect for all.
Shareholder Rights:  We respect the rights of our 
shareholders, including voting rights, dividend 
entitlements, and access to information, to promote 
transparency and shareholder empowerment.
Employee Equity: We promote diversity, inclusion, and 
employee welfare initiatives to foster a supportive and 
equitable work environment.
ACCOUNTABILITY
Our corporate governance framework includes 
rules and guidelines that support accountability, 
competence, and transparency. Our accountability 
framework includes:
Clear Roles and Responsibilities: We define clear roles, 
responsibilities, and expectations for management, the 
board of directors, and other stakeholders to promote 
accountability and transparency.
Delegation of Authority: The governance structure 
enables the Board to exercise effective control while 
allowing for the delegation of authority. The Board of 
Directors are accountable to the shareholders for their 
actions and their style of governance. At the same time, 
the management is answerable to the Board.
Oversight Mechanisms: We have implemented robust 
oversight mechanisms, including board oversight, 
internal controls, and independent audits, to identify 
and address accountability gaps. Moreover, we provide 
shareholders with the opportunity to interact with all 
Board Members on an annual basis during the Annual 
General Meeting. This enables us to keep a constant 
pulse on the needs and concerns of our stakeholders 
and ensure that we remain accountable to them.
INTEGRITY
At IEX, integrity is one of the five core values guiding our 
corporate governance framework. Our commitment to 
integrity is demonstrated through:
Ethical Leadership: We promote ethical leadership and 
conduct, setting a positive example for our employees 
and stakeholders.
Code of Conduct: We have a comprehensive code of 
conduct that outlines expected behaviours and ethical 
standards for all employees.
Conflict of Interest Management: We identify and  
manage conflicts of interest to ensure decisions 
are made objectively and in the best interests of the 
company and its stakeholders. We have laid down 
procedures and policies for identifying conflicts of 
interests for the Board & Senior Management.
SOCIAL DUTY
At IEX, sustainability is about effectively managing  
the triple bottom line - the financial, social, and 
environmental aspects - whilst focusing on business 
continuity. We are committed to pursuing our economic 
growth while concurrently watching our ecological 
footprint and increasing our positive social impact. Our 
social duty initiatives include:
Environmental Sustainability: We implement  
environmentally sustainable practices to minimise 
our environmental footprint and actively engage with 
ventures aligned with the principles of the circular 
economy and decarbonisation.
Community Engagement: The Company 
engages through implementing partners in 
dedicated CSR Projects for adding value to the 
Community. The Company also has formulated a 
‘Community Grievance Redressal Policy’ to provide 
community members and other stakeholders  
with a method to constructively communicate their 
grievances directly. It also has established procedures 
for an equitable, reciprocal, and timely resolution of 
grievances.
Stakeholder Engagement: We actively solicit feedback 
from stakeholders to understand and address their  
concerns, priorities, and expectations. Additionally, we 
have established a Corporate Social Responsibility 
and Sustainability Committee at the Board level which 
monitors and oversees the relevant sustainability and 
corporate social responsibility policies, strategies, and 
programmes of the Company.
Annual Report 2023-24
29
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
• • • • • • • • • • • 
••• • •••• • • • 
•••A•A 
••••••• 
• • • • • • • 
• f ••••w• 
• A • • • • • ••••••• 
•• • • • • • ••••••• 
A A • 
• • • • 
A A 
• • • • 
A • 
A • 
• • 
• • • 
• • • • 
• • ♦ • 
• • • • 
• • A • 
A • • • 
• • A • 
A • • • 
• • ♦ • 
• • • • 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
SATYANARAYAN GOEL
Chairman & Managing Director
MR. TEJPREET SINGH CHOPRA 
Independent Director
MS. SUDHA PILLAI
Independent Director
MR. GAUTAM DALMIA 
Non-Executive Director
PROF . K T CHACKO 
Independent Director
MR. AMIT GARG 
Non-Executive Director
CHAIRMAN MEMBER COMMITTEES
Audit Committee
Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee
Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee
CSR & Sustainability Committee
Enterprise Risk Management 
Committee
Strategic Committee
Technology Advisory Committee
Investment Committee
CHAIRMAN MEMBER COMMITTEES
Buyback Committee
Divestment Committee
Diversification Committee
Risk Assessment and 
Management Committee
Market Surveillance
SGF Management
Default Committee
Disciplinary Action Committee
Grievance Redressal Forum
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
30
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
SATYANARAYAN GOEL
Chairman & Managing Director
AMIT KUMAR 
Executive Director (Non-Board) 
Head of Market Operations, 
New Product Initiatives and 
Exchange Technology
MAYANK GUPTA 
Senior Vice President, 
Business Development 
and Strategy 
LEADERSHIP TEAM
ROHIT BAJAJ 
Executive Director (Non-Board) 
Business Development, Strategy, 
Regulatory Affairs and IT
VINEET HARLALKA 
Chief Financial Officer & 
Company Secretary
Annual Report 2023-24
31
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
Great 
Place 
To 
Work® 
GREAT PLACE TO WORK
At IEX, we recognise that our employees are our 
greatest asset, and we are deeply committed to 
fostering their growth, success, and safety at all 
levels. We strive to create a workplace culture that 
promotes a healthy work-life balance, transparency, 
and continuous learning and development. IEX has 
been re-certified as Great Place To Work for the 2nd 
consecutive year (Certification period April 2024 to 
April 2025).
EMPLOYEE-CENTRIC CULTURE
Our open and transparent work culture places 
significant emphasis on employee experience, 
feedback, and suggestions. We believe in providing 
our employees with a supportive environment where 
they feel valued and empowered. Basis our employees 
feedback, we have initiated some new policies such 
as the Employee Loan Scheme, addition of spouse in 
the Annual Health Check-up, IEX Academy Reward 
Scheme etc. 
WORLD-CLASS FACILITIES
We offer best-in-class office facilities to ensure our 
employees have a comfortable and conducive work 
environment.
FACELIFT OF LEARNING & DEVELOPMENT
At IEX, our learning and development (L&D) initiatives 
nurture talent and enhance capabilities. Leveraging 
cutting-edge digital tools and platforms, we  prioritise 
accessibility and flexibility in our approach. Our 
central in-house LMS, enables us to deliver diverse 
online training courses, track progress, and assess 
outcomes efficiently. With the flexibility to access 
learning materials anytime, anywhere, our employees 
can embark on their learning journey at their own 
pace, ensuring alignment with essential training 
requirements such as POSH and IT security protocols. 
IEX places a strong emphasis on self-directed learning, 
offering a variety of courses covering topics such as 
Stakeholder Management, First Time Manager, and 
Work-life Balance. Empowering employees to set their 
learning goals and explore areas of interest enhances 
engagement and fosters professional development.
EMPLOYEE WELLNESS ECOSYSTEM
Our efforts for well-being and 
safety of employees are not 
limited to health insurance 
policies. We provide an in-
house wellness ecosystem in 
the form of Diet Counselling, 
On Call Doctor Consultation, 
Mental Wellness programmes 
and therapies, acupressure 
services at our office location 
and sessions on work-life balance etc.
ENGAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
We organise regular employee engagement  
activities, including interactions with leaders  
through various forums such as weekly and monthly 
meetings, quarterly all-hands meets, skip-level 
meetings, and departmental meetings. These forums 
provide opportunities for employees to engage 
with management and contribute to the company’s 
success.
To enhance engagement level of employees we 
also conduct various engagement activities such 
as participation in Marathons, Cricket matches, Fun 
Friday, Monthly celebrations, festivities etc.
EMPLOYEE PULSE SURVEY
We  conduct pulse surveys both internally and through 
an outside agency to understand employee concern 
areas. Post employee feedback, we launch and run 
our employee-centric initiatives. That’s the reason 
we have been recertified this year as a Great Place 
to Work (GPTW) for the second consecutive year. At 
IEX, employees are at the heart of everything we do, 
and we are dedicated to fostering a culture of growth, 
collaboration, and innovation to ensure that IEX 
remains a great place to work for all.
Apr 2024 - Apr 2025
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
32
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
Annual Report 2023-24 
33 
Corporate Overview Statutory ReportFinancial Statements 
Annual Report 2023-24
33
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
MANAGEMENT 
DISCUSSION 
AND ANAL YSIS

INDIAN ECONOMIC REVIEW
The Indian economy is growing from strength-to-strength, 
backed by the momentum of strong private consumption, 
higher capital expenditure, and a robust financial sector. As 
the world’s fastest-growing major economy, the country’s 
GDP grew 8.2% YoY in FY’24. At this pace, the economy is 
poised to achieve the $5-trillion target well before the end 
of this decade and surpass Japan and Germany to become 
the world’s third largest economy in dollar terms. In FY’24, 
headwinds to the economy arose from geopolitical tensions, 
volatility in international financial markets, geoeconomic 
fragmentation, rising Red Sea disruptions, and extreme 
weather events, which are likely to remain moderately elevated 
as we enter FY’25. However, with the Indian Metrological 
Department’s (IMD) expectation of above average monsoon 
rainfall in 2024 estimated at almost about 106% of the long-
term average, agricultural production and rural demand 
would stand to act as a counter to these external risks.
According to estimates of the World Bank and the 
International Monetary Fund (IMF), India’s GDP growth for 
FY’25 is likely to be 6.6 per cent and 6.8 per cent respectively. 
In comparison, the Reserve Bank of India estimates a higher 
growth trajectory, with a growth rate of 7.2 per cent for FY’25. 
Expected GDP Growth
Quarter & Financial Year 2025 Estimated Growth (%)
Q1 7.3
Q2 7.2
Q3 7.3
Q4 7.2
FY’25 7.2
INDIA’S POWER SECTOR
India’s power sector is undergoing a rapid and comprehensive 
transformation across various dimensions. From generation 
methods to energy mix, demand patterns, and transmission 
capabilities, significant changes are reshaping the landscape.
As the world’s third-largest electricity consumer, India boasts 
of one of the most diverse power systems globally. It draws 
energy from an array of conventional sources, including 
coal, lignite, natural gas, oil, hydropower, and nuclear. 
Simultaneously, it embraces non-conventional sources such 
as wind, solar, biomass, and bagasse. This multifaceted 
approach ensures resilience, sustainability, and adaptability 
in meeting the nation’s growing energy needs.
In FY’24, India also proudly claimed the third-largest installed 
non-fossil capacity globally, standing at a robust 191 GW. 
This impressive figure comprises 144 GW from non-fossil 
fuels and 47 GW from hydroelectric sources.
Driven by a visionary commitment, India has voluntarily 
set an ambitious target of achieving 500 GW of non-fossil-
based capacity by 2030. Also, it aims to have 50% of installed 
capacity from non-fossil based sources by 2030.
However, the intermittent nature of renewable sources 
necessitates innovative solutions. Consequently, both 
government and corporates are actively exploring diverse 
storage options, including pumped storage, battery 
technology, and hydrogen. These advancements promise to 
enhance grid stability, optimise energy utilisation, and propel 
India towards a greener future.
Following the relaxation of pandemic-related constraints, 
there has been a significant resurgence in electricity 
demand. During FY’24, there was a 7.7% spike in electricity 
consumption. This escalated demand was propelled by 
several factors such as increasing income levels, swift 
urbanisation, and governmental initiatives that focus on 
improving rural electrification. In addition, growth of the 
manufacturing and service sectors is set to further amplify 
the nation’s power needs. The government’s dedication 
to reduce carbon emissions through promotion of electric 
vehicles (EVs) has also contributed to the increase in 
power demand. Programmes such as Faster Adoption and 
Manufacturing of Hybrid and Electric Vehicles (FAME) have 
effectively intensified nationwide demand for EVs.
India has been taking steps to promote clean energy through 
the introduction of policies such as the National Solar Mission 
and the Green Energy Corridor Project. The nation has also 
committed to curtailing the emissions intensity of its GDP 
by 45 percent by the year 2030, relative to levels from 2005, 
in a bid to restrict global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. 
Initiatives such as the PM Surya Ghar Yojana will also play a 
significant role in achieving this goal.
India has put forth its Long-Term Low Emissions Growth 
Strategy, outlining low carbon transition routes in major 
economic sectors. The nation has undertaken several 
comprehensive initiatives in areas like renewable energy, 
e-mobility, ethanol blended fuels, and green hydrogen as 
an alternative energy source. In line with the low carbon 
transition pathway, the National Green Hydrogen Mission 
holds critical importance, with its goal to make India energy 
independent by 2047. As part of this, by 2030, India aims to 
establish a Green Hydrogen production capacity of at least 5 
million metric tonnes annually. 
The government has made notable strides in improving 
electricity accessibility for all households, thanks to initiatives 
like Saubhagya and associated schemes. Forecasts suggest 
that by 2030, the per capita electricity usage will be, between 
1,700 kWh and 1,800 kWh. In order to cater to this demand, 
India’s power sector needs to transform, taking into account 
the intricate aspects of the Energy Trilemma: Energy security,  
Energy sustainability and  Energy affordability.
Annual Report 2023-24
35
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
11 
n Generation Transmission 
Installed Capacity (GW) 
Total 
Renewables 
Hydro 
Nuclear 
I 
Diesel 
Gas 
Lignite 
I 
Coal 
Consumption Distribution 
ELECTRICITY VALUE CHAIN
The electricity value chain includes all activities necessary 
for generation, distribution and consumption of electrical 
energy. The value chain comprises .three major segments: 
electricity generation,  transmission & distribution. 
Electricity consumption is one of the most important indices 
that signals the development level of a nation. It is the key 
ingredient for forecasting economic growth and vital for a 
nation’s overall development. Providing reliable and quality 
power supply in an efficient manner has evolved as a key 
requirement of economic growth. There is consistent growth 
in India’s electricity demand due to an increase in customer 
base, changes in lifestyle and consumption patterns. 
These changing consumption patterns require continual 
reinforcement and creation of new electricity infrastructure 
in generation, transmission and distribution sectors to meet 
consumer expectations. 
To cater to this consumption growth, under its ‘Power for 
All’ initiative, the Government of India aims to deliver reliable 
24x7 electricity supply at competitive rates to all consumers. 
GENERATION 
India is now a country with a significant power demand that 
has a peak demand of 240 GW vis-a-vis an installed capacity 
of 442 GW as on March 2024, with thermal capacity share 
of around 55%. As part of the government’s commitment to 
the Paris Climate Agreement, there are ambitious plans to 
enhance the share of green energy within the overall energy 
mix. As a result, the share of coal-based capacity is declining 
in the installed capacity mix and it now stands at less than 50% 
of total installed capacity. 
According to the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) India’s 
total generation was 1740 billion units of electricity in FY’24, 
out of which 76% was generated from thermal, 8% from 
hydro, 13% from renewables, and 3% from nuclear. The 
overall generation in the country increased by nearly 7% 
over last year with conventional power generation having 
increased 10% YoY.
TRANSMISSION
All regional grids throughout the nation are synchronously 
linked to ensure a seamless power flow, culminating in the 
‘One Nation – One Grid – One Frequency’ concept. This 
unified approach facilitates the efficient distribution of 
electricity across different regions, enhancing the reliability 
and robustness of the overall power system.
Currently, the interregional transmission capacity of the 
National Grid stands at more than 116GW with 4,81,326 ckm 
of transmission lines and 12,25,260 MVA of transformation 
capacity (as of March, 2024). Furthermore, the country has 
seen a significant increase in inter-regional capacity by 224% 
since 2014. Also, congestion in the volume traded at Power 
Exchanges has reduced from 16% in 2013-14 to a meagre 
0.6%, indicating improved efficiency and management of 
power distribution.
DISTRIBUTION
In FY’23, the Ministry of Power introduced the Electricity (Late 
Payment Surcharge and Related Matters) Rules to bolster the 
financial viability of the power sector. These rules established 
a one-time scheme for clearing arrears, allowing Distribution 
Companies DISCOMs to settle their total outstanding dues, 
including Late Payment Surcharge (LPS), over a span of 48 
monthly instalments. Since August 2022, DISCOMs have 
diligently met their current dues within a 75-day timeframe. 
The implementation of these rules has significantly benefited 
DISCOMs by reducing the LPS rate from 18% to a rate linked 
to the bank lending rate.
In FY’24, the rules underwent amendments to address the 
issue of unrequisitioned surplus power—power generated 
442
144
47
8
1
25
7
211
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
36
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
within the declared capacity but not requisitioned by 
distribution companies. To optimise power utilisation, 
generators are now required to offer this surplus power for 
sale in the market at a price below 120% of the energy charge 
plus applicable transmission cost. Failure to do so renders 
them ineligible to claim fixed charges corresponding to the 
surplus quantum. Additionally, provisions have been made 
to regulate power supply and address non-maintenance of 
Payment Security Mechanism (PSM) or continued default in 
outstanding payment.
FACTORS DRIVING GROWTH IN ELECTRICITY 
CONSUMPTION
Industrial Growth and Urbanisation
The government foresees a vigorous economic expansion, 
with the manufacturing sector’s contribution expected to rise 
progressively in the coming years. The Government of India 
has introduced a series of policy, structural, and fiscal reforms 
aimed at augmenting supply in the medium to long-term, and 
mitigating any prolonged damage to productive capacities. 
These measures have spurred a revival in industrial activities 
and exports, which in turn has driven increased demand for 
electricity.
India has achieved notable strides in urbanisation. It is 
projected that by 2030, over 400 million individuals will inhabit 
Indian cities. Although these cities only occupy about 3% of 
the country’s total land area, they remarkably generate 60% 
of India’s GDP . In India, the growth of urban areas has been 
instrumental in reducing poverty, with urban development 
responsible for nearly 80% of the total decrease in poverty. 
Demand and Supply
Demand Met
State Apr'22 - Mar'23 Apr'23 - Mar'24 YoY (%)
Maharashtra 1,87,197 2,06,962 10.6%
Uttar Pradesh 1,43,050 1,48,275 3.7%
Gujarat 1,38,999 1,45,715 4.8%
Tamil Nadu 1,14,722 1,26,187 10.0%
Rajasthan 1,00,057 1,06,813 6.8%
Madhya Pradesh 92,325 98,918 7.1%
Karnataka 75,663 94,227 24.5%
Telangana 77,799 84,920 9.2%
Andhra Pradesh 71,893 80,557 12.1%
Punjab 69,220 69,644 0.6%
Haryana 60,945 63,636 4.4%
All India 15,05,914 16,22,585 7.7%
According to the Central Electricity Authority (CEA), the all-
India peak demand rose to 240 GW during FY’24, marking 
a 16% year-on-year increase from 207 GW in FY’23. 
Furthermore, the total energy consumption across India 
reached 1622 Billion Units (BU) in FY’24, demonstrating a 
7.7% year-on-year surge from 1506 BU during FY’23.
The surge in electricity demand was spearheaded by the 
Southern Region, which recorded a 13% year-on-year 
increase. This was followed by the Western Region, North-
Eastern Region, Eastern Region, and Northern Region, which 
experienced growth rates of 8%, 6%, 5%, and 4% respectively. 
Key states like Karnataka (24.5%), Andhra Pradesh (12%), 
Tamil Nadu (10%), Kerala (12%) and Maharashtra (11%) 
exhibited significant growth in power demand in FY’24. A 
comparison of energy met in these key states in FY’24 versus 
FY’23 is provided below.
Short-Term Electricity Market
As per the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC), 
India’s short-term power market expanded from 194 Billion 
units (BU) in FY23 to 218 BUs in FY24, accounting for 13% of 
the energy met through short-term transactions compared 
to the total generation of 1,738 BU.
In this short-term market, bilateral transactions - both via 
traders and directly - both via traders and directly between 
discoms - made up 33% of the market, excluding volumes 
traded on the Exchange. This was followed by power 
exchanges at 55%, and Deviation Settlement Mechanism 
(DSM) transactions at 12%.
OUTLOOK
Geopolitical events over the last two years and extreme 
weather events have severely impacted economies. The 
Indian economy has managed these short-term crises 
through policy interventions by the Government of India, 
especially on the fuel side to increase domestic fuel production 
and eased supply constraints. With strong macroeconomic 
fundamentals economic growth opportunity remains robust 
pushing healthy power demand in the country. As India 
remains on track to be the fastest growing economy in the 
world, there is immense opportunity for power markets to 
cater to at least the base case incremental demand of nearly 
100 BUs that the country is expected to add every year till 
2030.
Annual Report 2023-24
37
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
BUSINESS REVIEW FINANCIAL YEAR 2024
ELECTRICITY SEGMENT
In FY’24, your company witnessed a significant 13.8% surge 
in electricity volume traded. Several factors contributed to 
this remarkable increase:
• India’s Demand Growth: As the nation’s economy 
expanded, the demand for electricity rose, leading to higher 
trading volumes on IEX.
• Stabilisation of Gas and Coal Prices: The reduction in gas 
and coal prices provided an impetus for increased trading 
activity.
• Record Coal Inventory in India: The country maintained 
Over a two year high of coal inventory during this financial 
year, ensuring a steady supply for power generation.
• Affordable Prices: More than 50% of the days in the 
past year witnessed electricity prices below 5 rupees, 
encouraging greater participation.
• Optimisation Efforts by DISCOMs and Open Access (OA) 
Consumers: DISCOMs and OA Consumers strategically 
optimised their electricity procurement, resulting in higher 
volumes traded.
• Rectification of Transmission Sharing Charges Anomaly: 
Addressing the irregularities in transmission sharing 
charges further facilitated increased volume.
Day-Ahead-Market
In FY’24, a total of 53.4 Billion Units (BU) were traded in the 
Day-Ahead-Market (DAM), marking an increase of 4.3% year-
on-year from the 51.2 BU traded in FY’23.
The average daily volume traded on the exchange was 145.8 
Million Units (MU), a 4% year-on-year increase from the 140 
MU daily average in FY’23. A key highlight of the Day-Ahead-
Market in FY’24 was an 8% rise in total buy bids, resulting in 
buy volumes of 101 BU as compared to 93 BU in FY’23.
Some buyers transitioned their quantum in Longer Duration 
Contracts to secure power during peak periods, thereby 
managing their demand in advance.
Real-Time-Market
The Real-Time-Market (RTM) exhibited a positive trend in 
the FY’24, trading nearly 30 Billion Units (BU), a year-on-
year volume increase of 25%. On an average basis, the daily 
volume in this segment was 82 Million Units (MU).
The leading participants in this market were utilities from 
Rajasthan, Telangana, Gujarat, Haryana, Tamil Nadu, 
Maharashtra, Punjab, Bihar, and West Bengal.
Term-Ahead-Market
The Longer Duration contract has witnessed substantial 
growth, with buyers seeking to secure their peak requirements. 
This contract grants buyers the flexibility to procure power 
through our platform for up to a maximum of 90 days.
In addition, we have implemented the Any-day(s) Single 
Sided Reverse Auction, which assists buyers in procuring 
power through an online bidding process.
In FY’24, a total of nearly 15 Billion Units (BU) of power 
including DAC was scheduled under the Term-Ahead-Market. 
This marks a significant increase from the 10 BU reported in 
FY’23, reflecting a year-on-year growth of close to 50%.
Green Market
The Green Market, which encompasses the Green Day-
Ahead-Market and the Green Term-Ahead-Market (G-DAM 
& G-TAM), experienced a near 40% decrease in volume this 
fiscal. The total volume traded in this market was 3 Billion 
Units (BU), compared to 5 BU in FY’23.
To provide added flexibility for buyers, we introduced the 
Green Longer Duration Contracts (LDC) and Green Single 
Side Reverse Auctions in FY’23. However, high prices and 
regulatory challenges have limited the ability of open access 
consumers to procure green power through these contracts. 
CERTIFICATE SEGMENT
Renewable Energy Certificate (REC)
The Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) 
published REC Regulations 2022 which went into effect 
from December 5, 2022 was implemented over FY’24. The 
regulation allowed RECs to be perpetually valid (till sold). 
Other features of the regulations are:
• No floor or forbearance price
• Technology multiplier introduced: Wind & Solar – 1; Hydro 
– 1.5; Municipal Waste – 2; Biomass & Biofuel – 2.5.
• DISCOMs purchasing RE power more than the RPO shall 
be eligible for issuance of REC and need to approach within 
3 months from the end of a financial year.
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
38
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
• RECs can be traded through the power exchanges or 
bilaterally through traders on a mutual basis.
• RECs to be traded twice a month, instead of once a month 
providing consumers competitive rates.
The number of REC traded in FY’24 were 75.4 lakh certificates 
(nearly equivalent to 7.5 BU), while in FY’23 it was 59.6 lakh 
certificates (nearly equivalent to 6 BU).
Energy Saving Certificates
The Perform, Achieve and Trade (PAT) mechanism, a market-
based tool introduced by the Indian Government, aims to 
enhance energy efficiency in industries. In this system, the 
government designates energy-intensive industries as 
Designated Consumers (DCs) and assigns them energy 
efficiency targets. These DCs must meet these objectives 
within a set timeframe and are rewarded with Energy 
Saving Certificates (ESCerts) for surpassing the targets. If 
they fall short, they are required to purchase Energy Saving 
Certificates to make up for the deficit.
In FY’23, the Indian Energy Exchange (IEX) traded a total of 
1.76 lakh ESCerts. However, due to regulatory obstacles, 
the market was temporarily closed. Trading in the ESCerts 
market recommenced and by the close of FY’24, we had 
traded 8.55 lakh certificates.
Annual Report 2023-24
39
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
KEY FOCUS AREAS
CORE BUSINESS GROWTH
Your company is working towards developing the short-
term power market as well as expanding the share of the 
exchange within this market. As of FY‘22, the company was 
confined to delivery of electricity between 1 hour and 11 days, 
which has been increased up to 90 Days in FY’23. This will 
further increase up to 11 months once the Central Electricity 
Regulatory Commission approves the petition for increasing 
the contract duration. While the last year saw the launch of 
key new market segments and investments in technology, 
the momentum will continue going forward.
Regional Integration through Cross-Border Trading
South Asian Countries have been engaged in Cross Border 
Electricity Trade (CBET) for more than a decade now, largely 
through bilateral transactions. The exchange commenced 
Cross Border Electricity Trade on its platform in April 2021. 
Initially, Cross Border Entities were restricted to trading in 
the Day-Ahead-Market (DAM). However, in FY’24, the Central 
Electricity Authority (CEA) granted the necessary No Objection 
Certificate (NOC) for trading in the Real-Time-Market (RTM) 
as well. India presently trades 18 billion units (~4,000 MW) 
with its neighbouring countries through medium and long- 
term bilateral contracts.
Through CBET, IEX presently facilitates electricity trade 
with Nepal and Bhutan, while Bangladesh is also expected 
to come on board soon. Bangladesh stands to benefit from 
CBET with India and will improve the overall performance 
of its domestic power sector once it starts participating in 
this regional power market. As more of India’s neighbouring 
countries begin to participate in CBET, a South Asian power 
market will see more cross border trade and benefit from 
demand and generation complimentarity. This will optimise 
the cost of electricity, which in turn will help accelerate access 
to power for consumers across participating counties and 
help in RE integration.
This pricing will also be a cushion, to a significant extent, 
against severe fluctuations in the global market. Through our 
varied offerings, we hope to have these countries participate 
in other market segments as well.
By increasing our share within the short-term market as well 
as enabling an expansion of the short-term market, IEX will 
witness significant core business growth. The three pillars 
for our core business growth are enumerated below:
Power Procurement Optimisation by Distribution 
Utilities
IEX currently has 65+ distribution companies registered on 
the platform and is working closely with these utilities to help 
them draw the most cost competitive merit order schedule. 
For despatch of power from short-term bilateral as well 
as long-term Power Purchase Agreements, the Company 
advises utilities on replacement of power wherever prices 
are higher as compared to the competitive prices discovered 
on the Exchange, thus enabling distribution utilities to make 
significant savings. We also engage in various capacity 
building and information dissemination efforts to bring forth 
the value proposition of IEX and to enable maximisation of 
power procurement by distribution utilities.
Enhancing Open Access Procurement
More than 4,900+ commercial and industrial consumers 
across India - representing varied industry sectors such as 
textiles, metals, chemicals, automobiles, home products, 
food, cement - leverage the electricity and green market 
segments on the exchange platform to buy competitively 
priced power in an endeavour to improve their overall 
competitiveness. This industrial competitiveness is critical to 
support and accelerate national initiatives such as ‘Make in 
India’.
The Ministry of Power introduced amendments to the 
Electricity Rules, allowing large industrial electricity users to 
establish their own transmission lines and grid connections 
without requiring a license. Additionally, the amendments 
rationalised charges for open access to electricity and 
established a standard formula for wheeling charges. Under 
these changes, entities utilising open access will experience 
a gradual reduction in additional surcharges, ultimately 
eliminating them within four years from the date of network 
access. Furthermore, those who have never been consumers 
of distribution licensees are exempt from paying additional 
surcharges.
We reach out to potential consumers, create awareness as 
well as proactively engage in policy and regulatory advocacy 
at Central and State levels to address systemic issues and 
other tariff and non-tariff barriers affecting open access.
New Market Products and Segments
Long Duration Contracts, specifically Term-Ahead Contracts 
up to 90 days, launched midway through FY’23, have 
witnessed a significant year-on-year increase of 600%. 
The volume traded rose from 1.4 Billion Units (BU) in FY’23 
to approximately 10 BU in FY’24. This market segment is 
anticipated to be one of the most substantial growth drivers 
in the coming years, as it enables buyers to secure power 
up to 90 days in advance. Upon approval by the Central 
Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC), this timeline is 
expected to extend to 11 months, providing buyers with the 
opportunity to secure power for an even longer duration.
HP - TAM
IEX launched High Price Term-Ahead Contracts (HP - TAM) 
in FY’24 under the existing Term-Ahead-Market segment. 
This segment provides an additional avenue to the high 
variable cost generators who were not able to participate 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
40
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
on the Exchange platform due to the existing price ceiling 
of ` 10/kWh. HP-TAM market segment enables high-cost 
generators such as Gas-based power plants using imported 
RLNG and Naphtha; Imported Coal-based power plants using 
imported coal; and Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) 
- to participate in the market for non-collective segments 
(Including Intra-Day, DAC, Daily, Monthly and Any-day Single 
Sided Contract.
Ancillary Markets
A new rule from CERC expanded the definition of ancillary 
services and listed possible service providers such as big 
consumers and energy storage. The rule primarily addresses 
frequency control services, also known as energy balancing 
services, which CERC divided into three categories based on 
reaction time: primary, secondary, and tertiary. Other services, 
such as reactive power support and voltage management, 
are not yet covered by the law. The demand for ancillary 
services must be estimated in real time and on a day-ahead 
basis by NLDC, the national grid operator and designated 
nodal agency for the services.
Ancillary services are anticipated to significantly contribute 
to the expansion of renewable energy by enhancing grid 
security and stability;
Primary response is provided by mainly thermal and 
hydro stations by governor action on immediate basis in 
milliseconds. Power plants and customers directly linked 
to the transmission grid may supply secondary ancillary 
services with reaction times of less than 30 seconds and 
minimum durations of 30 minutes.
NEW OPPORTUNITIES
Battery Energy Storage Systems
Battery Energy Storage Systems are a necessary link to 
enable renewable power integration with the grid. In FY’24, 
the Ministry of Power finalised the Viability Gap Funding 
mechanism for deployment of funds for various projects 
to develop Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) in the 
country. To begin with BESS capacity of 4,000 MWh will be 
developed on this proposed model in RE rich states. Under 
this proposed model, BESS would be able to store surplus 
solar power during day-time and deliver electricity during 
hours of peak demand and also be able to stabilise the grid for 
ancillary services. One of the options considered for charging 
and discharging of the BESS is through power exchanges. 
BESS applications and policy has gained further traction with 
the fall in BESS discovered rates and with expectation of 
further decline this calendar year. BESS is now positioned to 
be more viable with increased BESS participation in ancillary 
markets.
Market-based Models
It is important to deepen green markets in India to help 
reduce cost of renewable integration and provided efficient 
price signals for newer capacity addition. To further create a 
liquid Green Market at the exchange, IEX has been advocating 
the use of market-based options for RE capacity addition 
such as CFD and Virtual PPAs. The CFD model will provide 
certainty to generators by guaranteeing a fixed price for a set 
period and help grow the market. The Ministry of Power has 
already announced an auction of 1,000 MW of RE capacity 
through the CFD model. Similarly, VPPA models allow a 
power producer to sell electricity on the power exchange as 
conventional power at the market price and green attributes 
(green energy credits) are transferred to the PPA holder 
for meeting environmental goals. The bilateral financial 
settlement between power producer and PPA holder is 
through Contracts-for-difference (CFD) taking into account 
the auction price and market price. 
From a market perspective, we also see a future for products 
that can solve the risk of deviation exposure for RE and meet 
24x7 RE targets of corporates. Consequently, we are working 
towards developing the Green RTM product which will be an 
hour ahead market like the conventional RTM, subject to the 
approval of the CERC.  
Peer-to-Peer Trading 
With the announcement of the Prime Minister’s Surya-Ghar 
policy for promoting and installing Roof Top Solar (RTS), 
the opportunity for developing local energy markets such 
as P2P trading have been bolstered. Going forward, with 
large scale RTS, there would be a need to transition from 
a subsidy-based mechanism (Net Metering) to a market-
based mechanism (P2P Trading). P2P trading of electricity 
is emerging in different parts of the world due to increasing 
number of Prosumers. IEX through its MoU Partners ISGF 
& Power Ledger, Australia has been jointly exploring P2P 
opportunities in various states. While some States such 
as Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka and Delhi have taken a lead in 
framing guidelines and regulations, we expect other States 
to follow through in the next few years as RTS capacities rise. 
Carbon Market
In December 2023, the CCTS scheme was amended to 
include the offset market. This means that non-obligated 
entities would also be allowed to purchase carbon credit 
certificates to fulfil their climate commitments. 
We are in discussions with the Bureau of Energy Efficiency 
(BEE), Gift City and the Ministry of Finance with regards to 
clarification on the trade of voluntary carbon credits through 
GIFT City. 
Coal Exchange
IEX is closely working with the Ministry of Coal to set up a  
coal exchange in India. The government has appointed a 
consultant to design the framework for working of a coal 
exchange in the country. The Ministry of Coal is taking things 
on a fast track basis and this is part of the Government’s 100 
day agenda.
Annual Report 2023-24
41
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
POLICY AND REGULATORY INITIATIVES
Globally, the economies are struggling to maintain post-
Covid recovery. The disruptions to global trade flows due to 
supply chain issues have affected the costs incurred along 
the value chain. India is confidently moving on the path of 
recovery and growth and has emerged during FY’24 as the 
fastest-growing economy among G20 economies. A sharp 
surge in economic activities led to sharp growth in power 
demand as is reflected in the surge in peak demand from 
207 GW during FY’23 to 240 GW during FY’24, registering a 
growth of around 16% during the year. 
Improving the Financial Health of DISCOMs
Various initiatives have been taken during the year to improve 
the financial health of DISCOMs to enable them to meet the 
growing power demand of the country, to facilitate conducive 
environment for RE capacity addition, its off-take and its 
integration with the grid, and to develop grid standards in 
alignment with the evolving technologies. 
1. Revamped Distribution Sector Scheme (RDSS): The 
RDSS, introduced by the Government of India during 
2021, with an outlay of ` 3.04 lakhs Cr. over 5 years i.e., 
FY’22 to FY’26 continued to be implemented to help 
DISCOMs improve their operational efficiencies and 
financial sustainability by providing them with result 
linked financial assistance. 
2. Smart Pre-paid Meters, Feeder Separation and other 
measures: The thrust on installation of smart pre-paid 
meters, feeder separation, addressing the issues of 
delayed and non-payments to generators, enhancing 
the penetration of renewable energy along with its 
integration with the grid through varied form of tenders, 
increasing energy efficiency, e-mobility solutions, and 
power market reforms, has helped the momentum of 
growth to continue during this year. 
Further, the Government of India in the Union Budget 2024-25 
earmarked a corpus of ` 600 Crores under the National Green 
Hydrogen Mission, in addition to the Strategic Interventions 
for Green Hydrogen Transition (SIGHT) Programme which 
has a major outlay of INR 17,490 Crore. 
The government also  announced expansion and 
strengthening of the EV ecosystem by supporting 
manufacturing and charging infrastructure, aiming to fast-
track widespread adoption of EVs across the nation. 
On the solar front, INR 8,500 Crore have been allocated for 
the development of solar power grid infrastructure, but the 
cornerstone of the energy impetus in the Interim Budget 
was the Pradhan Mantri Suryodaya Yojana, under which the 
Union Government is planning on installing rooftop solar 
power systems in 1 crore households.  The Interim Budget 
complements the targets set under the last year’s budget to 
facilitate transition of the economy to lower carbon intensity 
and to reduce dependence on fossil fuel imports. 
Furthermore, the Viability Gap Funding for 4,000 MWh of 
Battery energy storage projects and framework formulation 
for Pumped Storage Projects announced in the last budget 
are likely to pave way for accelerated adoption of renewable 
energy. 
The various policy initiatives taken by Government of India 
during this financial year are briefly discussed below:
AUGMENTATION OF DEMAND
The flagship schemes of the Ministry of Power such as 
Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS), Ujjwal 
DISCOM Assurance Yojana (UDAY), Deendayal Upadhyaya 
Gram Jyoti Yojana (DDUGJY), Saubhagya, UJALA, and 
Urban Jyoti Abhiyan (URJA) achieved substantial progress in 
providing reliable, affordable, and quality electricity supply to 
the citizens of the country. 
A total of 18,374 villages were electrified under the DDYGJY 
scheme and 2.86 crore households were electrified under the 
SAUBHAGYA scheme. Several components of these schemes 
got subsumed under the Revamped Reforms Based and 
Results Linked Distribution Sector Scheme (RDSS) approved 
by Ministry of Power in July 2021. 
Funds under the RDSS are to be released based on financial 
performance and viability demonstration by the distribution 
companies. The objective is to assist distribution companies 
in infrastructure development, feeder separation, smart 
meter installation, etc. This is expected to improve the 
sustainability of financially ailing distribution utilities by 
achieving reduction of the AT&C losses to pan India levels 
of 12-15% and reduction of ACS-ARR gap to zero by FY’25. 
So far under RDSS, 22 crore prepaid smart meters, 
52 lakhs DT meters and 1.9 lakhs Feeder meters have been 
sanctioned across 30 States with a total sanctioned cost of 
` 1.30 lakhs Cr. For the Loss Reduction, System Strengthening, 
and modernisation works, a total of around ` 1.21 lakhs Cr. 
(including PMA works) have been sanctioned for States/
UTs and ` 5,806.48 Cr. has been released as GBS towards 
loss reduction works under RDSS as per scheme guidelines. 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
42
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
This is likely to result in further increase in the capacity of the 
distribution companies to cater to the demand of consumers.
STRENGTHENING THE TRANSMISSION 
INFRASTRUCTURE
Ministry of Power constituted a high-level committee 
which prepared a detailed Plan titled ‘Transmission System 
for Integration of over 500 GW RE Capacity by 2030’ in 
consultation with States and other stakeholders. The 
Plan provides broad transmission system requirement for 
having about 537 GW of Renewable Energy capacity by 
the year 2030. The planned system will provide a visibility 
to the RE Developers about the potential generation sites 
and scale of investment opportunity. Further, it will also 
provide the transmission service providers the vision of 
growth opportunity available in the transmission sector. Its 
implementation would pave the way for bringing in more 
RE power in the mainstream and facilitating its reach to the 
consumers.
STREAMLINING PAYMENT MECHANISM FOR 
DISTRIBUTION COMPANIES
Ministry of Power issued the Electricity (Late Payment 
Surcharge and Related Matters) Rules in FY’23 to help the 
power sector become financially viable. The rules provided 
for a one-time scheme for liquidation of arrears, enabling 
DISCOMs to pay total outstanding dues including LPS as on 
the date of notification, in up to 48 monthly instalments. All 
current dues are reported to being paid since August 2022 
within a timeframe of 75 days. The effective implementation 
of rules benefits the DISCOMs by way of reduction of LPS 
from 18% to a rate linked to Bank lending rate. 
The rules were amended during FY’24 to ensure that the 
surplus power within the declared generation capacity but not 
requisitioned by distribution companies, is offered for sale in 
the market at a price of less than 120% of energy charge plus 
applicable transmission charge. Generators who do not offer 
their surplus power will not be eligible to claim fixed charges 
corresponding to that surplus quantum. Regulation of power 
supply and provision for regulation of GNA and Temporary 
GNA is mandated in case of non-maintenance of PSM or 
continuation of default in payment of outstanding dues.
MANDATING RELIABILITY OF SUPPLY, BRINGING 
BEHAVIOURAL CHANGE FOR CONSUMERS
Ministry of Power issued the Electricity Rights of Consumers 
Rules in 2021 with the objective of empowering the consumers 
with their rights. An amendment to these Rules was notified 
in FY’23 to specify the system average interruption duration 
index (SAIDI) and system average interruption frequency 
index (SAIFI), customer average interruption duration index 
(CAIDI), customer average interruption frequency index 
(CAIFI) and momentary average interruption frequency index 
(MAIFI), to maintain the reliability of supply by the distribution 
licensee. Another amendment was made in FY’24 to facilitate 
more consumption of power from RE sources by the 
introduction of Time of Day (ToD) Tariff, so as to give price 
signal to change the consumption behavior of consumers 
while incentivising use of more electricity during solar hours. 
The amendments also included rules for smart metering for 
ease of doing business as well as ease of living and to avoid 
inconvenience/harassment of the consumers.
MEASURES TAKEN TO EFFECTIVELY MEET THE 
ELECTRICITY DEMAND OF CONSUMERS
Ministry of Power took several steps during the year to 
address the concerns related to increasing demand supply 
gap during the year. Among the key steps to alleviate 
the concerns, measures were taken to ensure maximum 
availability of generation capacity by deferring the non-
priority maintenance work of the plants. Monitoring and 
coordination was done with Ministries of Coal and Ministry of 
Railways on a regular basis for increasing the production and 
despatch of coal as much as possible. All generating stations 
(Central/State and IPPs) were asked to ensure import of 
Coal for blending purposes so that there is no load shedding 
and they were also asked to maximise coal production at 
captive mines to supplement coal supply from domestic 
coal companies. Additional arrangement for gas for running 
gas-based stations with tenders for advance procurement 
of generation was done during high power demand months. 
The Imported Coal-based (ICB) plants were issued statutory 
directions under Section 11 of Electricity Act to stock coal 
and generate power during high demand period. Reservoir 
level of hydro stations was regularly monitored for optimum 
utilisation of water and all hydro plants were instructed to 
operate in consultation with RLDCs/SLDCs to optimise 
water utilisation. With states, the Ministry worked to advise 
shifting of the agriculture load to solar hours and to ensure 
that any un-requisitioned surplus power is sold in the power 
exchange so that the needy states are able to avail this to 
meet their demand. Expeditious commissioning of new units 
of thermal, solar, wind etc. was also emphasised. The efforts 
resulted in meeting of the demand of consumers.
LAYING OUT THE FRAMEWORK FOR A CARBON 
MARKET
The Ministry of Power announced an amendment to the 
Energy Conservation Act 2001 in FY’23, which introduced 
definitions for carbon credit certificates and the carbon credit 
Annual Report 2023-24
43
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
trading scheme. This amendment facilitated the creation of 
a Carbon Market.
In June 2023, the Ministry released the Carbon Credit Trading 
Scheme (CCTS), establishing the regulatory framework for 
the Indian Carbon Market (ICM) with the Bureau of Energy 
Efficiency (BEE) as the administrator. The primary goal of the 
ICM is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in India.
In December 2023, another amendment was made to the 
CCTS. This revision enables India to have its own standards 
for carbon trading and also permits non-obligated entities to 
generate carbon credits.
The scheme stipulates that carbon credits will be traded at 
Power Exchanges, with the Central Electricity Regulatory 
Commission overseeing the trading of carbon credits in India.
FACILITATING OPEN ACCESS
Ministry of Power issued Amendments to the Electricity 
Rules allowing large industrial users of electricity to have 
their own transmission lines and grid connectivity without 
any requirement of licence. It also rationalised charges for 
open access to electricity and provided a standard formula 
for the wheeling charge. As per the amendment, for an entity 
to avail open access, the additional surcharge shall be linearly 
reduced and eliminated within four years from the date of 
grant of network access. A person who has never been a 
consumer of the distribution licensee would not have to pay 
additional surcharge.
DEEPENING THE ELECTRICITY MARKET
The government has been working to bring in alternative 
mechanisms to make existing long-term contracts more 
flexible. The objective is to enhance liquidity in the short-term 
market through increased participation from distribution 
utilities and generation companies. The Ministry of Power 
issued the Draft National Electricity Policy in 2021 with 
development of efficient market as one of its key objectives. 
After stakeholder consultation, it issued a revised draft 
in 2023 with keen focus on the deepening of the markets. 
It envisages procurement of the total electricity supply 
volume through competitive power markets at 25% by the 
end of FY’30, introduction of capacity markets in a time 
bound manner, and on coal availability for participation on 
exchange. For RE development, the draft policy emphasises 
RPO enforcement, fungibility of RPO, market-based RE 
development and aggregation of small capacity for RE 
development.
The Ministry released a report titled ‘Development of 
Electricity Market in India’ in May 2023 to address key issues, 
including the dominance of inflexible long-term contracts, 
need for Resource Adequacy planning in centre and states, 
reduction in system inefficiencies through lesser reliance on 
self-scheduling, increasing share of renewables in the overall 
energy mix, encouraging market participation for renewables, 
and firmness in procurement of ancillary services through 
well-developed ancillary services market. The solutions are 
aimed at creating an efficient, optimal, and reliable market 
framework to enable the energy transition and integration of 
renewable energy into the grid.
In addition to physical long duration contracts, efforts are 
also underway to introduce electricity derivatives which 
will help further deepen the power market. Introduction of 
financial products will enable market participants to manage 
their risks and hence rely more on the market. 
RENEWABLE ENERGY PROMOTION, GREEN ENERGY 
CORRIDOR AND GRID INTEGRATION THROUGH 
ADEQUATE CAPACITY CREATION
Towards the commitments for RE based energy transition 
of the country and that of net zero by 2070, the government 
has made enhanced efforts to meet these goals. Ministry of 
Power issued the Green Energy Open Access (GEOA) Rules in 
June 2022 with an aim to remove barriers in availability and 
utilisation of RE and to address the issues that have hindered 
growth of open access for a long time. Amendments to these 
rules were notified in 2023 to allow consumers with contract 
demand or sanctioned load of 100 kW or more, achieved 
through either single or multiple connections in the same 
electricity division of a distribution licensee, to avail GEOA. 
MNRE prescribed an annual bidding trajectory for RE power 
bids to be issued by Renewable Energy Implementation 
Agencies (REIAs). Bids for 50 GW per annum capacity, with 
at least 10 GW per annum wind capacity, are to be issued 
each year from 2023-24 to 2027-28. Bids of around 51 GW 
have been issued in FY’24.  
Government of India notified the renewable purchase 
obligation (RPO) targets for designated consumers up to 
March 2030 under the Energy Conservation Act, 2001. The 
minimum share of renewable energy is set to progressively 
increase over the years. In 2024-25, 29.91% of the total 
energy must come from renewable energy sources. This 
will gradually rise to 43.33% in 2029-30. Separate RPO for 
‘distributed renewable energy (DRE)’ has been introduced. 
The new trajectory represents a significant step towards 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
44
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
a greener and more sustainable energy landscape and will 
help entities in long-term planning. Ministry of Power issued 
a Draft Notification on Renewable Generation Obligation 
(RGO) superseding earlier notification dated February 27, 
2023, mandating supply of a minimum share of RE electricity 
generated for reduction in consumption of fossil sources or 
increase in share of RE.
Under the Green Energy Corridor projects, the Intrastate 
Green Energy Corridor with a target capacity of 9,700 circuit 
kilometres (km) transmission lines and 22,600 MVA capacity 
sub-stations is currently under various stages of completion. 
The Intra-state Green Energy Corridor- Phase II scheme 
intends to create intrastate transmission infrastructure 
required for RE power evacuation of projects of approx. 20 
GW capacity in 7 implementing states of Gujarat, Himachal 
Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, and 
Uttar Pradesh. The scheme is for addition of 10,753 circuit 
kilometres (ckm) of transmission lines and 27,546 Mega 
Volt-Amperes (MVA) capacity of substations over a period of 
5 years, i.e., FY’22 to FY’26.
Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) plans to set 
up 13,000 MW RE along with 12,000 MWh BESS in Ladakh. In 
Oct’23, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs approved 
construction of an ISTS system for power evacuation and 
grid integration of the 13 GW RE projects in Ladakh and 
despatch of power from the U.T. of Ladakh to other parts of 
the country.
The Transmission System Plan prepared by the committee 
set up by Ministry of Power has identified major upcoming 
non-fossil based generation centres in the country. With the 
planned transmission system, the inter-regional capacity will 
increase to about 1.50 lakhs MW by 2030 from 1.12 lakhs 
MW at present. Considering the availability of RE based 
generation for a limited period during day, the Plan also 
envisages installation of BESS of the order of 51.5 GW by 
2030 to provide round-the-clock power to end consumers.
OTHER KEY INTERVENTIONS
The Green Hydrogen Policy, 2022 aims to facilitate setting 
up of and procurement of RE power by Green Hydrogen/
Ammonia manufacturers through suitable measures of open 
access, banking and other concessions. This is likely to help 
in meeting the target of production of 5 million tonnes of 
Green Hydrogen by 2030 and the related development of RE 
capacity. The Green Hydrogen standard for India has been 
notified on August 19, 2023, outlining the emission thresholds 
to be met in order for hydrogen produced to be classified as 
‘Green’, i.e., from renewable sources.
A revised Strategy for development of offshore wind energy 
projects was issued by Ministry of Power in September 
2023, indicating a bidding trajectory for installation of 37 
GW capacity of Off-shore Wind Energy. The “Offshore Wind 
Energy Lease Rules, 2023” were issued to regulate the 
allocation of offshore wind sea blocks to developers.
Under the Production Linked Incentive (PLI) Scheme, MNRE 
on September 30, 2022, issued Scheme Guidelines for 
implementation of the Production Linked Incentive Scheme 
(Tranche II) on ‘National Programme on High Efficiency Solar 
PV Modules’, with an outlay of ` 19,500 Cr. The Tranche-
II is expected to result in setting up of around 65 GW of 
fully/partially integrated solar PV manufacturing. Letters of 
Award were issued in FY’24 for setting up around 40 GW 
of fully/partially integrated solar PV module manufacturing 
units. Production has started manufacturing capacities set 
up in Kanchipuram, Jaipur, and Tirunelveli.
MARKET COUPLING
Ministry of Power shared a letter with CERC to look into Market 
Coupling. CERC subsequently issued a staff paper on the 
subject and invited the views of stakeholders. Based on the 
suggestions received, and the insignificant gains observed 
in simulations of coupling plain vanilla DAM or RTM market, 
CERC issued order to further analyse the case and directed  
for a Shadow Pilot by POSOCO for various market coupling 
scenarios. One such scenario CERC is exploring is coupling 
of RTM market with the SCED i.e Security Constrained 
Economic Dispatch, which is operated by Grid India. However, 
the recent amendment in Late Payment Surcharge Rules 
2022, mandate sale of unrequisitioned power (URS) on the 
Exchanges in DAM & RTM. The mandatory sell of URS  power 
in DAM & RTM will lead to optimum utilization of capacity 
and any further optimization by coupling SCED and RTM may 
not lead to any significant value. CERC will take a view on the 
further course of action based on the insights of the shadow 
pilot.
REGULATORY INITIATIVES: CENTRE
The Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) has 
implemented various regulations such as CERC (Connectivity 
and General Network Access to the inter-State Transmission 
System) Regulations, 2022, CERC (Indian Electricity Grid 
Code) Regulations, 2023 (IEGC) and the Amendment to CERC 
(Sharing of ISTS Charges and Losses) Regulations.
All these regulations will lead to further strengthening of 
the power market. As per the GNA Regulations, distribution 
utilities will not be required to pay transmission charges for 
Annual Report 2023-24
45
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
collective transactions (DAM/RTM) if the drawl is within their 
GNA. Along with the amendment to Sharing regulations, the 
GNA regulations also clarify that transmission bills will be 
raised only to Drawee DICs.
In order to address volatility and soaring prices, CERC 
issued orders on price capping at power exchanges in May 
2022, limiting the prices to ` 12/ unit in all segments, which 
continued till March 2023 and thereafter reduced it further to 
` 10/unit from 4 April 2023. Further, to align the caps across 
segments, CERC issued an order capping the DSM charges at 
` 10/unit so as to remove any unwarranted arbitrage among 
the market segments. CERC also approved introduction of 
HP-DAM to enable sale of high price power in the market 
wherein price cap is ` 20/unit.
CERC issued a Staff Paper on “Grid Security Charge” to 
discuss measures for ensuring adequacy of reserves and in 
turn reliability of operation of generation assets. The paper 
delved into ways to optimally utilise the existing gas-based 
capacity in interest of grid security, and recovery of cost 
shortfall for despatching it through market or for reserves. 
The Central Electricity Authority (CEA) issued final Guidelines 
for Resource Adequacy (RA) Planning Framework for India 
which seeks to suggest optimal capacity mix required to 
minimise system cost in meeting the projected demand for 
future. 
CEA also issued 1st Amendment to the Procedure for approval 
and facilitating Import/Export (Cross Border) of Electricity) by 
the Designated Authority to facilitate cross border transfer of 
power through Real-Time-Market (RTM) segment of Indian 
power exchanges. CEA also issued the Phasing plan for 
implementation of 40% technical minimum for coal-based 
power plants.
CERC approved introduction of Tertiary Reserve Ancillary 
Service (TRAS) market segment on power exchanges. 
It further approved amendments to REC contracts on a 
petition filed by IEX, enabling REC registered projects on 
participation in Green Markets. Energy sold by RE generating 
station registered under REC mechanism in any conventional 
market contracts shall be eligible for issuance of REC(s) 
provided all other eligibility criteria for issuance of REC(s) as 
per CERC REC Regulations 2022 are fulfilled. However, no 
REC shall be issued against energy sold in Green Markets 
at power exchanges. Trading sessions of REC contracts at 
power exchanges are now to be held on the 2nd and the last 
Wednesday of each month.
REGULATORY INITIATIVES: STATES
Out of a total of 36 states and union territories, around 10 
State Electricity Regulatory Commission have issued Tariff 
Orders for FY’25.
In addition, State Electricity Regulatory Commissions of 
Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra, Tamil 
Nadu, Bihar, Manipur and Mizoram amended RPO regulations 
to align with MoP revised trajectory. The SERCs of Punjab, 
Gujarat, Maharashtra, Odisha, Meghalaya and Tripura also 
issued the Green Energy Open Access regulations. The 
SERCs of Punjab, Maharashtra, Meghalaya also issued the 
draft of Resource Adequacy regulations and the SERC of 
Madhya Pradesh issued the final regulations. 
POWER MARKETS: KEY DRIVERS FOR GROWTH
Despite the global energy crisis, and amidst a clarion call to 
take steps towards energy transition, the peak demand of the 
country continued its climb with the highest peak seen during 
the year at 240 GW was an indicator of the strong growth due 
in the next financial year as well. CEA has estimated the peak 
demand to surge beyond 256 GW in FY’25. 
While actions of governments world over resulted in some 
form of disruptions in the functioning of electricity markets, 
the policy and regulatory initiatives undertaken in India in the 
recent past shall greatly assist in broadening and deepening 
of the power market. Revision of the National Electricity 
Policy, re-designing of market along with the introduction of 
new products viz. CFD-based RE development, development 
of RE capacity through RTC, peak power/FDRE/hybrid/
RE storage capacity tenders etc. are expected to increase 
participation in the exchange platform. For the DISCOMs, it 
is all the more important to have a balanced mix of capacity. 
Pursuit in maintaining a healthy portfolio is likely to cause 
further innovations and growth in the markets.
A few key developments expected in the power market in 
the forthcoming year are as follows:
Capacity Market, Forwards and Futures Contracts in 
Electricity
The revised draft of National Electricity Policy, and the 
CEA resource adequacy guidelines highlight the need of 
expeditious introduction of a capacity market to enable 
adequate capacity in the system.
After the resolution in 2021 with regards the issue of 
Electricity Derivatives related Regulatory Jurisdiction matter 
between SEBI and CERC, the CERC in FY’23 approved 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
46
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
introduction of long duration physical delivery contracts 
(initially for three months) at the power exchanges. In view 
of the keen interest shown by market participants so far, the 
product is poised to assist participants with better visibility 
of prices and help them with decision making in their power 
purchase portfolios. Electricity derivatives are slated for 
introduction in the commodity exchanges and will provide 
hedging opportunities for market participants, which would 
lead to further deepening of the electricity market.
Battery Storage
To enable renewable power integration with the grid, 
the Ministry of Power finalised the Viability Gap Funding 
mechanism for deployment of various Battery Energy 
Storage System (BESS) projects in the country.  
To begin with BESS capacity of 4,000 MWh is being 
developed under this proposed mode. And one of the options 
considered for charging and discharging of BESS is through 
power exchanges.
Further, the discovered tariff of BESS in recent discom 
tenders has come down to ` 3.72 lac/MW/month from an 
earlier discovered tariff of ` 4.48 lac/MW/month, a decrease 
of 17%. 
In the global BESS market as well, the cost of grid scale BESS 
is expected to go down further to support FDRE and RTC 
renewable power, making it capable of serving base load and 
reducing dependence on fossil based technologies.
Power Procurement Cost Optimisation by the Distribution 
Utilities
The short-term market provides distribution utilities an 
option to hold a mix of long-term and short-term contracts 
and optimise their power purchase-related costs. The 
Exchange not only provides efficient price discovery but also 
the flexibility to distribution utilities to buy or sell depending 
upon their requirement. Several State Electricity Regulatory 
Commissions (SERCs) have formalised the process of 
purchase/sale by distribution companies and incorporated 
the provision of market purchase in the relevant regulations/
guidelines. More SERCs are considering the same in view of 
competitiveness of market rates.
Enhanced Market Participation through General Network 
Access and Revised Transmission Charges Sharing
CERC implemented the ‘Connectivity and General Network 
Access to the Interstate Transmission System (ISTS) 
Regulations, 2022’ during FY’24. According to GNA 
Regulations, transmission charges and losses are to be borne 
by drawing entities. The amendment to sharing regulations 
also provides the same. The drawee entities will have to pay 
monthly GNA charges and they will have option to schedule 
power either within their GNA or through T-GNA. This will 
facilitate optimisation of short-term transactions and 
enhance participation in the market. The Regulations provide 
for T-GNA upto eleven months. Once bilateral contracts of 
exchange are approved by the CERC to provide trade for 
longer duration of up to eleven months, it would improve the 
avenues for power procurement through exchanges.
Scheduling on Day-Ahead Basis with Flexibility to Sell the 
URS
In the GNA Regulations, the CERC has segregated the 
activities of scheduling and transmission access. Through 
the IEGC Regulations 2023, CERC has changed all modes 
of scheduling on a day-ahead basis that is likely to lead to 
better scheduling practices and resultantly lower deviations. 
IEGC also enables sale of Un-requisitioned Surplus (URS) 
by the seller on the DAM market and facilitates the release 
of unutilised corridor for subsequent transactions. This 
provision is complemented by the LPSC rules amendment 
of FY’24 which mandates URS sell in the market and also 
specifies cap on the bid price for such URS sale in the market 
and links fixed cost recovery with the efforts to offer URS 
power in the market. It is likely to bring un-tapped sell volume 
in the market. 
National Open Access Registry, Green Energy Open Access 
Registry and other Digitisation Measures
National Open Access Registry (NOAR) operated by 
POSOCO, has shown its usefulness by acting as a common 
platform to assess short-term open access to the interstate 
transmission system. National Open Access Registry has 
infused much greater transparency and efficiency in the 
processing of short-term open access applications and 
transmission corridor allocation. It has also proven extremely 
useful in implementing LPSC Rules during the year. Besides, 
adoption of technology in metering and billing is likely to 
enhance financial health of distribution utilities. Measures 
undertaken to ensure financial prudence and health of the 
distribution sector will strengthen the position of utilities to 
increase exchange-based procurement. Green Energy Open 
Access registry, also operated by POSOCO, is acting as a 
central repository for all Green Energy Open Access (GEOA) 
applications and is likely to facilitate increase in the green 
energy consumption of consumers.
Annual Report 2023-24
47
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
RISKS AND COMPLIANCES
Several risks can impact the achievement of your Company’s 
business objectives. Being present in a competitive and 
regulated environment, your company is exposed to various 
strategic and operational risks such as financial, regulatory, 
compliances, information technology and cyber security, 
legal and market risk, among others. Our focussed risk 
management approach seeks to minimise the adverse 
impact of these risks on our business and enables us to 
leverage market opportunities. Our well-defined enterprise 
risk management framework provides long-term competitive 
advantage through an established process involving risk 
identification, assessment, and mitigation leading to a 
transparent and competitive price discovery to ensure 
smooth and seamless functioning. 
The focus of the risk management framework is primarily 
to mitigate perceived risks in the current structure of market 
dynamics including Regulatory & Cyber Security risks that 
may affect the business.
YOUR COMPANY HAS CLASSIFIED FOUR TYPES OF 
MAJOR RISKS:
 Regulatory Risks: These are risks arising out of policy 
and regulatory changes related to the functioning of the 
power market and competitive landscape which can 
affect the long-term functioning of the exchange. This 
risk has an impact on the transaction volumes at the 
exchange.
 Strategic Risks: These are risks which are internal or 
external in nature and are mostly related to the changing 
market scenario and developments in the value chain 
of generation, transmission & distribution, entry of new 
players, technological disruptions etc. that may disrupt 
strategic decisions taken to meet the objectives. 
 Operational Risks: These are risks arising due to internal 
factors that can have a direct or indirect effect on internal 
policies, business process, systems, and our people 
in support functions, and thereby have the potential 
to impact our core business and values. Operational 
risks are mainly related to regulatory compliances as 
per Central Electricity Regulatory Commission’s Power 
Market Regulations and relevant orders, and risks related 
to finance, market operations etc., which may include the 
following:
• Risk related to people and talent management.
• Market risk arising out of trading activities.
• Investment related risks such as fall in the value of 
investments, concentration of investment portfolio 
etc.
• Credit risk covering margin account maintenance 
leading to payment, security management, and 
collateral management.
• Sustainability Risks (specifically Environmental, 
Social and Governance (ESG) risks.
 Cyber Security Risks: These are risks which are related 
to exposure or loss of data resulting from a cyber-attack 
or data breach on the organisation. It involves identifying 
potential threats and vulnerabilities in your organisation’s 
digital systems and networks. The risk is not only about 
the likelihood of a cyberattack but also the potential 
consequences, such as financial loss, reputational 
damage, or operational disruption.
RISK
GOVERNANCE
RISK
IDENTIFICATION
RISK ASSESSMENT AND 
MEASUREMENT
RISK
MITIGATION
PERFORMANCE 
OPTIMISATION
MONITORING AND 
REPORTING
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK 
CONSISTS OF THE FOLLOWING STEPS:
Your company has a robust risk management process to 
periodically review major risks identified by the business 
and other functions and its mitigating actions are defined 
systematically. The mitigation status of the risks identified 
is placed before the Enterprise Risk Management 
Committee on a half-yearly basis.
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
48
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
RISK CATEGORIES
Regulatory Risks
Strategic Risks
Operational Risks
Contractual Risks
Technology & Cyber 
Security Risks
Liquidity Risks
System Risks
Reputation Risks
Credit Risks
Legal Risks
Business 
Concentration Risks
Compliance Risks
Market Risks
A few key risks as identified by the Company along with the mitigation measures are listed below:
REGULATORY RISKS
Power markets are continuously evolving with several new 
policies and regulations notified from time to time to make 
the market deeper, more participative, and transparent. The 
Central Electricity Regulatory Commission has implemented 
various regulations namely, Grid Code, GNA Regulation, 
Transmission Sharing Regulations, Ancillary Regulations, 
DSM Regulations etc. which have bearing on the functioning 
of the power market. One of the key regulatory aspects which 
has direct bearing on the exchange is market coupling in 
terms of design changes. The Power Market Regulations, 
2021 (PMR 2021) notified by CERC provides for enabling 
provision for market coupling. However, it is provided in 
the PMR 2021 that this provision will be effective as and 
when decided by the commission. The CERC is yet to take a 
decision on the implementation of market coupling through 
the regulatory process. 
Mitigation: Your company is continuously taking steps 
through policy and advocacy to mitigate the risks associated 
with the regulatory changes.
STRATEGIC RISK
The government, in its various vision documents, has 
emphasised the need for a deeper and transparent power 
market in India. Being a regulated organisation with rules, 
bye laws, business rules, and circulars approved by the 
Central Electricity Regulatory Commission, your Company 
functions within the ambit of provisions and remains on 
top of compliances. The Company is also regulated by 
various regulations under the Electricity Act 2003 such as 
Power Market Regulations, Inter-State Open Access (OA) 
Regulations and Procedure for Scheduling of Collective 
Transactions issued by POSOCO, etc. Any deviation from 
any of the provisions under these regulations would be of 
significant risk to your Company.
Mitigation: The Enterprise Risk Management Committee 
meetings are held on a half-yearly basis, where regulatory, 
strategic, operational and cybersecurity risks are presented 
along with mitigation measures. Also, from the regulatory 
perspective, both the Market Surveillance Committee 
and the Risk Assessment and Management Committee 
Annual Report 2023-24
49
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
are constituted as mandated by the Central Electricity 
Regulatory Commission. The committee meetings are held 
as per timelines fixed by the Central Electricity Regulatory 
Commission with reports submitted to the regulator at 
regular intervals. The state level regulations are governed 
by State Electricity Regulatory Commissions. The Company 
also proactively engages in regular policy advocacy with 
the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission, State 
Electricity Regulatory Commissions, Ministry of Power, and 
other industry bodies for any change in regulation that may 
adversely affect its business.
OPERATIONAL RISK
Operational risks have the potential to affect the regular 
business operations of the Company. This may include 
factors such as margin maintenance, access to trading data, 
sufficient bank balance in settlement account for meeting 
the requirement of executing trades etc.
Mitigation: Mitigation measures include regular surveillance 
of the trading mechanism and reporting any error to the 
Central Electricity Regulatory Commission at periodic 
intervals. Moreover, the Company is ISO 9001:2015 certified 
with definitive Standard Operating Procedures in place.
TECHNOLOGY RISK
The introduction of various new products with stringent 
timelines such as Real-Time-Market, the High Price Day-
Ahead-Market etc has increased dependency on the use 
of latest technologies and systems and any occurrence 
of issues/failures in the system may result in disruption 
of trading which could affect the company’s business and 
eventually its image.
Mitigation: Our Company’s cutting-edge technology serves 
many participants in a competitive market scenario.
The Company is ISO 27001:2022 certified for information 
security and its related benchmarks which ensures adoption 
of appropriate policy-procedures and adherence of global 
standard security practices in our organisation.
The Company has a Business Continuity Plan and a disaster 
recovery site in Mumbai to quickly recover and restore its 
technology infrastructure and business operations when its 
primary data centre (New Delhi) becomes unavailable.
CYBER SECURITY RISK
Cyber Security is increasingly becoming critical, with 
new threats constantly emerging that seek to exploit any 
vulnerabilities in the exchange’s systems. For IEX, which 
provides an online trading platform, cyber security is of 
paramount importance for ensuring trust among market 
participants, regulators, and stakeholders.
Mitigation: IEX is continuously monitoring, evaluating, and 
implementing various security controls in the form of best-
in-class tools and technologies, processes aligned with 
global standards such as ISO 27001:2022 and imparting 
regular awareness to the staff for protection, early 
identification, detection, quick response and recovery in case 
of any type of cyberattacks. Constant enhancement and 
continuous improvement in the Cyber Security Framework 
and Information Security Management System has been 
our Company’s top priority. To minimise the operational and 
financial impacts on the Company, a Cyber Security Policy 
with Cyber Crisis Management Plan has been formulated to 
ensure a high degree of security and operational reliability by 
having a Readiness, Response and Recovery mechanism for 
cyber security events which could impact critical business 
activities.
LEGAL RISK
Legal risk consists of non-compliance of various kinds such as 
membership criteria fulfilment, incorrect member enrolment, 
non-compliance to tax or accounting compliances, an entity 
with a criminal background, change in the net worth profile of 
members, etc. 
Mitigation: The mitigation measures include regular 
surveillance of the trading mechanism and reporting any 
error to the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission at 
periodic intervals. Moreover, the Company is ISO 9001:2015 
certified with definitive Standard Operating Procedures in 
place.
MARKET RISK
The Company’s revenues could be adversely affected if its 
market share does not grow year on year and the company 
does not put efforts to bring products commensurate with 
the changing market requirements.
Mitigation: Revenues of your Company are majorly derived 
from transaction fees and annual subscription fees. The 
Company systematically engages with all stakeholders 
growing the participant base and driving revenue growth.  
Over time the Company has taken many initiatives towards 
enhancing customer centricity and customer loyalty through 
several projects. Also, the Company is in regular discussion 
with policy makers and stakeholders towards creation of new 
market friendly products.
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
50
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
In accordance with the SEBI (LODR) (Amendment) Regulations 2018, the Company is required to provide details of significant 
changes (i.e. change of 25% or more as compared to the immediately previous financial year) in key financial ratios, along with 
detailed explanations therefore. The key financial ratios are given below:
KEY PERFORMANCE METRICS:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars
Standalone Consolidated
2023-24 2022-23 Growth % 2023-24 2022-23 Growth %
Total Revenue 55,078.16 47,406.36 16.18 55,084.84 47,410.18 16.19
Operating Cost 6,386.11 5,869.78 8.80 6,550.07 5,882.55 11.35
CSR Expenses 679.38 565.89 20.06 679.38 565.89 20.06
Finance Cost, Depreciation and 
Amortisation
2,327.77 2,104.78 10.59 2,330.85 2,104.78 10.74
Total Expenses 9,393.26 8,540.45 9.99 9,560.30 8,553.22 11.77
Profit before share of profit of 
associates, exceptional items 
and tax
45,684.90 38,865.91 17.54 45,524.54 38,856.96 17.16
Share in profit of associate - - - 1,089.79 1325.58 -
PBT 45,684.90 38,865.91 17.54 46,614.33 40,182.54 16.01
PAT 34,144.06 29,269.75 16.65 35,078.26 30,588.63 14.68
Profit for the year attributable to:
Shareholders of the Company 34,144.06 29,269.75 16.65 35,078.26 30,588.63 14.68
PAT Margin 61.99% 61.74% 0.25 bps 63.68% 64.52% (0.84) bps
Earnings per share (`) Basic 3.84 3.27 17.43 3.94 3.42 15.20
PROFIT AND LOSS STATEMENT ANALYSIS (STANDALONE)
REVENUE
The Company derives its revenues from transaction fees, annual subscription fees, admission fees, interest income, gains on 
sale of investments and other miscellaneous income.
During FY’24, the total revenue of the Company stood at ` 55,078.16 lakhs as compared to ` 47,406.36 lakhs in the previous 
year. The operating revenue increased from ` 40,085.44 lakhs in FY’23 to ` 44,915.32 lakhs in FY’24, at the rate of 12.05 %. 
The increase was mainly due to increase in trading volume from 97 BU in FY’23 to 110 BU in FY’24. Treasury and other income 
of the Company stood at ` 10,162.84 lakhs as compared to ` 7,320.92 lakhs during the previous year, with a growth rate of 
38.82% which was mainly due to higher investment and better yield on investment. The Company maintained its leadership 
position during the financial year with profit after tax (PAT) of ` 34,144.06 lakhs as compared to ` 29,269.75 lakhs in FY’23.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Annual Report 2023-24
51
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
EXPENSES
The expenses of the Company primarily comprise employee 
cost, operating and other expenses, CSR, interest and 
depreciation/amortisation charges as detailed below:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars FY’24 FY’23 Growth %
Employee benefit 3,823.24 3,464.93 10.34
Other operating 
expenses 2,562.87 2,404.85 6.57
Total Operating Cost 6,386.11 5,869.78 8.80
CSR 679.38 565.89 20.06
Finance cost 283.48 245.65 15.40
Depreciation and 
amortisation 2,044.29 1,859.13 9.96
Total expenditure 9,393.26 8,540.45 9.99
DETAILED ANALYSIS OF OPERATING EXPENSES IS 
AS BELOW:
Employee benefit cost included annual increments and other 
performance incentives. It increased on overall level mainly 
on account of annual increments and staff related activities.
Other operating expenses increased by 6.57% from 
` 2,404.85 lakhs to ` 2,562.87 lakhs, mainly due to an increase 
in technology related expenses and business promotion 
expenses. Other expenses were in line with the previous year.
FINANCE COST
The finance cost increased from ` 245.65 lakhs to ` 283.48 
lakhs during the year mainly due to increase in interest on 
member security guarantee fund.
CSR EXPENSES
The Company incurred ` 679.38 lakhs (previous year  
` 565.89 lakhs) towards corporate social responsibility 
required pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 
2013 against the obligation of ` 679.38 lakhs (previous year 
` 565.89 lakhs).
For details, please refer Annexure 1 of this Annual Report.
PROVISION FOR TAXATION
The total income tax (provision) increased from ` 9,596.16  
lakhs in FY’23 to ` 11,540.84 lakhs majorly due to increase 
in profits in FY’24. Effective tax rate in FY’24 is at 25.26% as 
compared with 24.69% in FY’23.
EARNINGS PER SHARE
Basic and Diluted EPS of the Company increased by 17.43% 
to ` 3.84 for FY’24 against ` 3.27 in FY’23.
SHAREHOLDERS’ FUNDS
SHARE CAPITAL
As on March 31, 2024, the paid up share capital of the 
Company stood at ` 8,916.93 lakhs (89,16,92,735 equity 
shares of ` 1 each. (Previous year ` 8,916.93 lakhs i.e., 
89,16,92,735 equity shares of ` 1 each). The Company’s 
share capital, net of equity shares held by the IEX ESOP Trust 
has remain same at ` 8,908.71 lakhs.
OTHER EQUITY
The Company’s other equity as on March 31, 2024, was 
` 85,910.00 lakhs in comparison to ` 69,537.74 lakhs as on 
March 31, 2023.
During FY’24 ` 17,833.86 lakhs (Final dividend for 2022-23  
` 8,916.93 lakhs; Interim dividend for 2023-24 ` 8,916.93 
lakhs) [previous year ` 8,986.70 lakhs (Final dividend for 
2021-22)] was utilised from free reserves of the Company 
towards payment of dividend on Equity shares.
The Company’s net worth stood at ` 94,818.71 lakhs as on 
March 31, 2024, as against ` 78,446.45 lakhs as on March 
31, 2023.
For more details refer note 17 of Standalone Financial 
Statements.
TRADE PAYABLE
The Company’s trade payable is at ` 56,265.48 lakhs as on 
March 31, 2024, as against ` 40,240.91 lakhs as on March 31, 
2023. Increase was mainly due to non-clearing days (banking 
holiday) on March 30 and March 31, 2024.
LEASE LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities balance (Non-current and Current) is at  
` 1,036.33 lakhs as on March 31, 2024, as against ` 1,409.75 
lakhs as on March 31, 2023. 
OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
The Company’s other financial liabilities balance (Non-
current and Current) is ` 15,878.46 lakhs as on March 31, 
2024, as against ` 17,873.19 lakhs as on March 31, 2023. 
The decrease is primarily due to decline in Trading Margin 
deposits.
OTHER LIABILITIES
The Company’s other liabilities balance (Non-current and 
Current) is at ` 2,216.37 lakhs as on March 31, 2024, as 
against ` 2,185.07 lakhs as on March 31, 2023. The increase 
is primarily due to increase in unamortised subscription and 
admission fee income.
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
52
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
FIXED ASSETS
The Company’s net fixed assets stood at ` 10,367.70 lakhs 
as at March 31, 2024, as against ` 11,399.03 lakhs as at 
March 31, 2023.
INVESTMENTS AND CASH AND BANK BALANCES
As on March 31, 2024, the Company’s investments (Non-
current and Current) and Cash and Bank balances stood at 
` 150,713.70 lakhs [including ` 3,546.00 lakhs (previous year 
` 3,546.00 lakhs) invested in Indian Gas Exchange Limited 
(IGX) and ` 500.00 lakhs (previous year ` 500.00 lakhs) 
invested in International Carbon Exchange Private Limited 
(ICX)], as against ` 130,350.62 lakhs as on March 31, 2023. 
Increase is mainly due to accumulated profits and increase 
in trade payable.
TRADE RECEIVABLE
The Company’s trade receivable is at ` 8,627.32 lakhs as on 
March 31, 2024, as against ` 703.38 lakhs as at March 31, 
2023. Increase was mainly due to non-clearing days (banking 
holiday) on March 30 and March 31, 2024.
SECURITY DEPOSITS
Security deposits given for various offices stand at ` 405.49 
lakhs as on March 31, 2024, as against ` 364.62 lakhs as at 
March 31, 2023.
OTHER ASSETS
Other assets (Non-current and Current) stand at ` 4,491.12 
lakhs as on March 31, 2024, as against ` 1,009.32 lakhs as 
at March 31, 2023; mainly due to advance given towards 
trade charges for scheduling and transmission to respective 
agencies.
KEY RATIOS
Key Ratios FY’24 FY’23 Change %
Net Profit Margin 61.99% 61.74% 0.40%
Current ratio
(in times) 1.57 1.26 25.19%
Trade payables 
turnover ratio 
(in times)
5.57 4.16 33.80%
Net capital 
turnover ratio
(in times)
1.53 1.19 29.16%
PROFIT & LOSS STATEMENT ANALYSIS 
(CONSOLIDATED)
The consolidated financial statements of the Company 
include financial statements of International Carbon 
Exchange Private Limited [(ICX) (wholly-owned subsidiary)] 
and Indian Gas Exchange Limited [(IGX) (an associate of the 
Company)].
On December 27, 2022, the International Carbon Exchange 
Private Limited (ICX) was incorporated as a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of IEX, to establish and operate a platform for the 
trading of various types of green products including carbon 
credits and certificates in India and outside India.
During current year FY’24, ICX incurred loss amounting  
` 155.61 lakhs against ` 6.70 lakhs loss for the period from 
December 27, 2022 to March 31, 2023.
As on March 31, 2024, Indian Energy Exchange holds 47.28% 
(previous year 47.28%) stake in Indian Gas Exchange Limited. 
Share in profit of associate for FY’24 was ` 1,089.79 lakhs 
(previous year ` 1,325.58 lakhs).
The Company’s consolidated revenue stood at ` 55,084.84 
lakhs in FY’24 in comparison with ` 47,410.18 lakhs in FY’23. 
The Company’s profit after tax Increased from ` 30,588.63 
lakhs in FY’23 to ` 35,078.26 lakhs in FY’24.
INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board has put in place various internal controls to ensure 
that they are adequate and are effective. The Board has also 
put in place state-of-the-art technology and has automated 
most of the key areas of operations and processes, to 
minimise manual intervention.
The design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls is to enable it to operate effectively 
and ensure the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, and are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to error or omission.
Annual Report 2023-24
53
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
Corpora te Overv iew Sta tutory Rep ort Financ ial Statemen ts  
Director’s 
Report 
54 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
54
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
Director’s 
Report
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
54
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
Director’s 
Report
Annual Report 2023-24
55
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2023-24
Dear Shareholders,
Your Directors are pleased to present the 18th Annual Report on the business and operations along with the audited standalone 
and consolidated financial statements & the Auditors’ Report of the Company, for the financial year ended March 31, 2024.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
The standalone and consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2024, forming part of this 
Annual Report, are prepared in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and Regulation 33 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the ‘SEBI Listing Regulations’).
Highlights of Financial Performance
(Amount in ` Lakhs)
Particulars
Standalone Consolidated
FY24 FY23 FY24 FY23
Revenue from operations 44,915.32 40,085.44 44,915.32 40,085.44
Other Income 10,162.84 7,320.92 10,169.52 7,324.74
Total Revenue 55,078.16 47,406.36 55,084.84 47,410.18
Less: Total Expenditure 9,393.26 8,540.45 9,560.30 8,553.22
Profit before share of profit of associates and 
tax 45,684.90 38,865.91 45,524.54 38,856.96
Share in profit of associate - - 1,089.79 1,325.58
Profit before tax 45,684.90 38,865.91 46,614.33 40,182.54
Less: Provision for Tax 11,540.84 9,596.16 11,536.07 9,593.91
Profit after tax (A) 34,144.06 29,269.75 35,078.26 30,588.63
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of 
income tax (B) 20.60 11.13 21.67 11.13
Total comprehensive income for the year (A+B) 34,164.66 29,280.88 35,099.93 30,599.76
Profit for the year attributable to:
Shareholders of the Company 34,144.06 29,269.75 35,078.26 30,588.63
Earnings per equity share [face value ` 1 per share]
Basic (`) 3.84 3.27 3.94 3.42
Diluted (`) 3.84 3.27 3.94 3.42
THE COMPANY’S PERFORMANCE DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2024
ON STANDALONE BASIS
Your Company’s standalone revenue was ` 55,078.16 Lakhs against ` 47,406.36 Lakhs in the previous year. Profit before 
tax stood at ` 45,684.90 Lakhs in FY24 against ` 38,865.91 Lakhs in FY23; profit after tax for FY24 was ` 34,144.06 Lakhs 
compared to ` 29,269.75 Lakhs in the previous year.
CONSOLIDATED REVENUES 
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company, its subsidiary, and associates are prepared in accordance with the 
Act and applicable Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) along with all relevant documents and the Auditors’ Report forms 
part of this Annual Report. The Consolidated Financial Statements presented by the Company include the financial results of 
its subsidiary company i.e., International Carbon Exchange Private Limited (“ICX”) and its associate company i.e., Indian Gas 
Exchange Limited (“IGX”).
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
56
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
As on March 31, 2024, ICX is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited(“IEX”) and as on date of this 
Annual Report IEX holds 100% equity stake in ICX. 
As on March 31, 2024, IGX stands as the associate company 
of IEX and as on the date of this Annual Report IEX holds 
47.28% stake in IGX.
The Company’s consolidated revenue is ` 55,084.84 Lakhs 
in FY24 in comparison with ` 47,410.18 Lakhs in FY23. The 
Company’s profit after tax for FY24 was ` 35,078.26 Lakhs 
compared to ` 30,588.63 Lakhs in the previous year.
Highlights of the Company’s performance are discussed in 
detail in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report 
(“MDAR”), included in this Annual Report as required under 
the SEBI Listing Regulations.
CHANGES IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS, IF ANY
There has been no change in the nature of business of the 
Company during the financial year 2023-2024.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS 
REPORT
The Management Discussion and Analysis Report (“MDAR”) 
for the year under review, as stipulated under the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, is presented in a separate section, forming part 
of this Annual Report.
Certain Statements in the said report may be forward-
looking. Forward-looking statements are dependent on 
assumptions or basis underlying such statements. We 
have chosen these assumptions or basis in good faith, and 
we believe that they are reasonable in all material respects. 
However, we caution that actual results, performances, or 
achievements could differ materially from those expressed or 
implied in such forward looking statements. Several factors 
may affect the actual results, which could be different from 
what the Directors envisage in terms of future performance 
and outlook. We undertake no obligation to update or revise 
any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new 
information, future events, or otherwise.
DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY AND DIVIDEND
Pursuant to Regulation 43A of SEBI Listing Regulations, your 
Company has a well-defined Dividend Distribution Policy 
that balances the dual objective of rewarding shareholders 
through dividends whilst also ensuring the availability of 
sufficient funds for the growth of the Company. The policy 
is available on the website of the Company and can be 
accessed through the following web link: 
https://www.iexindia.com/pdf/Dividend%20Distribution%20
Policy.pdf
INTERIM DIVIDEND
During the year under review, the Company has paid an 
interim dividend of ` 1/- (100%) per equity share of face value 
of ` 1/- each for the financial year ended March 31, 2024. 
The total payout was ` 8916.93 Lakhs towards the interim 
dividend. The Company has deducted tax at source (TDS) at 
the time of payment of dividend under the provisions of the 
Income Tax Act, 1961.
FINAL DIVIDEND
Your Directors are pleased to recommend a final Dividend of 
` 1.50/- (150%) per equity share of face value of ` 1/- each for 
the financial year ended March 31, 2024. The Final Dividend 
is subject to the approval of Members at the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting and will be paid within the time stipulated 
under the Companies Act, 2013 (subject to deduction of 
TDS). The total outflow on account of the proposed final 
dividend aggregates to ` 13,375.39 Lakhs. 
The total dividend for the financial year ended March 31, 
2024, amounts to ` 2.5/- per equity share equivalent to 250% 
of face value of ` 1/- each and would involve a total cash 
outflow of ` 22,292.32 Lakhs, resulting in a dividend payout 
of 65% of the standalone profit after tax (PAT) of the Company 
exceeding the defined dividend range in the Company’s 
Dividend Distribution Policy.
TRANSFER TO RESERVES
There is no amount proposed to be transferred to the General 
Reserves account for FY24. 
SHARE CAPITAL
Authorised Share Capital
As on March 31, 2024, the authorised share capital of the 
Company stood at ` 100 Crore, consisting of Hundred Crore 
equity shares of ` 1/- each. There has been no change in the 
authorised share capital during FY24.
Paid-up Share Capital 
The paid-up equity share capital of the Company stood at  
` 8,916.93 Lakhs consisting of 89,16,92,735 equity shares of 
` 1/- each as on March 31, 2024. There has been no change 
in paid up share capital during FY24. 
The Company has, neither issued any equity shares with 
differential voting rights nor any shares (including sweat 
equity shares) to any of its employees under any scheme 
except the shares issued under the IEX ESOP Scheme 2010 
as per the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021.
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
56
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
As on March 31, 2024, ICX is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited(“IEX”) and as on date of this 
Annual Report IEX holds 100% equity stake in ICX. 
As on March 31, 2024, IGX stands as the associate company 
of IEX and as on the date of this Annual Report IEX holds 
47.28% stake in IGX.
The Company’s consolidated revenue is ` 55,084.84 Lakhs 
in FY24 in comparison with ` 47,410.18 Lakhs in FY23. The 
Company’s profit after tax for FY24 was ` 35,078.26 Lakhs 
compared to ` 30,588.63 Lakhs in the previous year.
Highlights of the Company’s performance are discussed in 
detail in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report 
(“MDAR”), included in this Annual Report as required under 
the SEBI Listing Regulations.
CHANGES IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS, IF ANY
There has been no change in the nature of business of the 
Company during the financial year 2023-2024.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANAL YSIS 
REPORT
The Management Discussion and Analysis Report (“MDAR”) 
for the year under review, as stipulated under the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, is presented in a separate section, forming part 
of this Annual Report.
Certain Statements in the said report may be forward-
looking. Forward-looking statements are dependent on 
assumptions or basis underlying such statements. We 
have chosen these assumptions or basis in good faith, and 
we believe that they are reasonable in all material respects. 
However, we caution that actual results, performances, or 
achievements could differ materially from those expressed or 
implied in such forward looking statements. Several factors 
may affect the actual results, which could be different from 
what the Directors envisage in terms of future performance 
and outlook. We undertake no obligation to update or revise 
any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new 
information, future events, or otherwise.
DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY AND DIVIDEND
Pursuant to Regulation 43A of SEBI Listing Regulations, your 
Company has a well-defined Dividend Distribution Policy 
that balances the dual objective of rewarding shareholders 
through dividends whilst also ensuring the availability of 
sufficient funds for the growth of the Company. The policy 
is available on the website of the Company and can be 
accessed through the following web link: 
https://www.iexindia.com/pdf/Dividend%20Distribution%20
Policy.pdf
INTERIM DIVIDEND
During the year under review, the Company has paid an 
interim dividend of ` 1/- (100%) per equity share of face value 
of ` 1/- each for the financial year ended March 31, 2024. 
The total payout was ` 8916.93 Lakhs towards the interim 
dividend. The Company has deducted tax at source (TDS) at 
the time of payment of dividend under the provisions of the 
Income Tax Act, 1961.
FINAL DIVIDEND
Your Directors are pleased to recommend a final Dividend of 
` 1.50/- (150%) per equity share of face value of ` 1/- each for 
the financial year ended March 31, 2024. The Final Dividend 
is subject to the approval of Members at the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting and will be paid within the time stipulated 
under the Companies Act, 2013 (subject to deduction of 
TDS). The total outflow on account of the proposed final 
dividend aggregates to ` 13,375.39 Lakhs. 
The total dividend for the financial year ended March 31, 
2024, amounts to ` 2.5/- per equity share equivalent to 250% 
of face value of ` 1/- each and would involve a total cash 
outflow of ` 22,292.32 Lakhs, resulting in a dividend payout 
of 65% of the standalone profit after tax (PAT) of the Company 
exceeding the defined dividend range in the Company’s 
Dividend Distribution Policy.
TRANSFER TO RESERVES
There is no amount proposed to be transferred to the General 
Reserves account for FY24. 
SHARE CAPITAL
Authorised Share Capital
As on March 31, 2024, the authorised share capital of the 
Company stood at ` 100 Crore, consisting of Hundred Crore 
equity shares of ` 1/- each. There has been no change in the 
authorised share capital during FY24.
Paid-up Share Capital 
The paid-up equity share capital of the Company stood at  
` 8,916.93 Lakhs consisting of 89,16,92,735 equity shares of 
` 1/- each as on March 31, 2024. There has been no change 
in paid up share capital during FY24. 
The Company has, neither issued any equity shares with 
differential voting rights nor any shares (including sweat 
equity shares) to any of its employees under any scheme 
except the shares issued under the IEX ESOP Scheme 2010 
as per the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021.
Annual Report 2023-24
57
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN (ESOP) AND 
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT (RSU) SCHEME
IEX Employees Stock Option Plan 2010 (“IEX ESOP 
Scheme 2010”)
Your Company has IEX ESOP Scheme 2010, to motivate 
and instil a sense of ownership among its employees. The 
Company’s ESOP scheme is administered through ‘IEX ESOP 
Trust’ which acts as per instructions of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) of the Company. 
The details of the IEX ESOP Scheme 2010, including terms 
of reference, and the requirement specified under Regulation 
14 of the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021, are available on the Company’s 
website, at
https://www.iexindia.com/InvestDisclosure.aspx?id=inr7LB-
J4hYM%3d&mid=Gy9kTd80D98%3d. 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited Restricted Stock 
Unit Scheme 2019 (“IEX RSU SCHEME 2019”)
Your Company has ‘IEX RSU Scheme 2019’ with a view 
to attract and retain key talents working in the capacity of 
senior management with the Company, by way of rewarding 
their performance and motivating them to contribute to the 
overall corporate growth and profitability. The Scheme is 
administered directly by the NRC of the Company. 
The details of the IEX RSU Scheme 2019, including terms of 
reference, and the requirement specified under Regulation 14 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, are 
available on the Company’s website, at
https://www.iexindia.com/InvestDisclosure.aspx?id=inr7LB-
J4hYM%3d&mid=Gy9kTd80D98%3d. 
The details of the IEX ESOP Scheme 2010 and IEX RSU 
Scheme 2019 form part of the Notes to accounts of the 
financial statements in this Annual Report.
Further, the Company has obtained a certificate from the 
Secretarial Auditors of the Company certifying that the IEX 
ESOP Scheme 2010 and IEX RSU Scheme 2019 have been 
implemented in accordance with the SEBI (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 and 
in accordance with the resolution passed by the members 
of the Company. The certificate will be placed at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting for inspection by the members of 
the Company.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY & 
SUSTAINABILITY
Your Company recognizes the interconnectedness of 
economic and social value, understanding its responsibility 
within a diverse ecosystem of stakeholders. IEX acknowledges 
the integral relationship between creating economic value 
and fostering societal well-being, to positively influence and 
collaborate with all stakeholders for sustainable growth and 
development.
During the year, we collaborated with the Sabhyata  
Foundation to promote and protect India’s culture, art, 
and heritage. This partnership contributed to the holistic 
development of the country, ensuring the preservation of 
cultural identity and the promotion of national pride.
In compliance with the requirements of Section 135 of the Act 
read with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility) 
Rules, 2014, as amended, the Company has a Corporate 
Social Responsibility & Sustainability  Committee which 
works as per the applicable provisions and such other 
matters as prescribed by the Board from time to time. The 
CSR & Sustainability Committee, inter alia, reviews and 
monitors the CSR as well as Sustainability initiatives of the 
Company.
The Company has also in place a Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy (“CSR Policy”) in line with Section 135 
read with the CSR Rules and Schedule VII of the Act. During 
the year under review, the Company has undertaken CSR 
activities through implementation agencies in the areas of 
Protection of National Heritage, Art, & Culture etc. These 
CSR activities were in accordance with the CSR Policy of the 
Company and Schedule VII of the Act.
The Company has identified the following focus areas for 
CSR engagement:
• National Heritage, Art and Culture: Contributing to 
protection of national heritage, art and culture.
• Health and Development: Supporting socio-economic 
development of underprivileged communities through 
improved access to livelihoods, sanitation, water, 
healthcare and education.
• Renewable Energy: Promoting renewable energy by 
creating opportunities for access and awareness.
• Women Empowerment: Endeavouring to integrate the cause 
of women empowerment while designing the projects.
• Disaster Response: Contributing to relief and rehabilitation 
measures in disaster-affected parts of country.
The composition of the CSR & Sustainability Committee, 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
58
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
CSR Policy and CSR initiatives of the Company are placed 
on the Company’s website at www.iexindia.com and the 
Annual CSR Compliance Report pursuant to Section 135 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 is appended as Annexure 1 to this 
Annual Report.
HUMAN RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT
At IEX, we keep employees at the core of everything that we 
do. Our employees are our strength and key differentiators. 
We ensure strong bond with our employees, our highly 
committed and engaged employees continuously deliver 
growth for the organization, by creating value for the 
customers.
Our culture is founded on our five core values of “Excellence, 
Customer Centricity, Integrity, Respect & Trust, and 
Teamwork”.
We are committed and focused on fostering a strong 
learning culture in the organization by continuously 
investing in competence and leadership development of the 
employees through enhancement of functional/ technical 
and behavioural /soft skills. At IEX, we have implemented 
a comprehensive range of Learning and Development 
(L&D) initiatives to nurture talent and enhance capabilities. 
Leveraging cutting-edge digital tools and platforms, we 
prioritize accessibility and flexibility in our approach. Our 
central in-house Learning Management System (LMS), 
enables us to deliver diverse online training courses, track 
progress, and assess outcomes efficiently. With the flexibility 
to access learning materials anytime, anywhere, our 
employees can embark on their learning journey at their own 
pace, ensuring 100 % manpower coverage and alignment 
with essential training requirements such as Prevention of 
Sexual Harassment (POSH) at work place and IT security & 
Data Privacy protocols.
Furthermore, IEX places a strong emphasis on self-directed 
learning, offering a variety of courses covering topics such 
as Stakeholder Management, First Time Manager, and 
Giving and receiving feedback, Influencing Skills, Business 
Communication and Work-life Balance. In last 6 months 136 
employees have completed one or the other listed courses of 
our LMS. Empowering employees to set their learning goals 
and explore areas of interest enhances engagement and 
fosters professional development.
In addition to individual learning, the Company promotes 
knowledge sharing through various internal initiatives. Our 
Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) conduct online knowledge-
sharing sessions accessible to all employees, facilitating the 
exchange of expertise, best practices, and lessons learned 
across teams and locations. Till now we have conducted 
4 sessions covering approximately 40 ~ 50 employees per 
session.
To augment traditional classroom sessions, we integrate 
virtual platforms for pre-work and post-work assignments, 
extending learning beyond physical classrooms and 
maximizing employee engagement. We have conducted 
Emerging Leaders Program for mid level leaders. Additionally, 
our virtual mentoring masterclasses, led by industry 
leaders, enable leaders at IEX to gain insights from diverse 
perspectives and effectively disseminate knowledge within 
their teams.
In technical domain we have conducted programs like REDIS, 
Awareness of US capacity market, Fundamentals of Energy 
Storage, Types of Software Architecture etc..
Our strategy is a combination of developing internal talent 
and hiring best of talent externally. The objective is to create 
complimentary skills in both domain and external/sector 
experience.
We believe in open and transparent work culture that places 
adequate emphasis on employee experience, feedback, 
and suggestions. We have regular employee engagement 
activities including interactions with the leaders of the 
organization through various forums. Forums such as 
weekly and monthly meeting, quarterly All Hands Meet, 
skip level meetings, and departmental meetings provide 
opportunities for employee interaction with the management. 
Our employees are engaged through various engagement 
activities conducted in person as well as through inhouse 
digital platforms.
We are delighted to feature as a Great Place to Work (GPTW) 
in mid-size organization second time in a row for the period 
of Apr’24 ~ Apr’25. This recognition encourages us to move 
forward on our journey towards creating a harmonious 
environment for our workforce at IEX.
TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
Since the inception in the year 2008, the Indian Energy 
Exchange has believed in Technology innovation as a 
key differentiating factor and has adopted the best-in-
class technology, and it continues to do so even today. 
Our technology vision is to architect the next-generation 
technology and digital enterprise solutions that enables us to 
shape development of competitive, transparent, and robust 
energy markets in the country.  
Innovation, and strong technology backbone have indeed 
enabled us build continued trust with our robust ecosystem 
of almost 7,000 participants including 55+ distribution 
utilities, 600+ generators, 1500+ renewable participants and 
4500+ open access consumers as well as provide them with 
best-in-class, seamless, and customer centric services.
We continuously invest effort and resources in technology 
to elevate its ease, 24*7 availability, reliability, security and 
to provide the best-in-class experience to our Customers.  
We have always endeavoured to advance technology 
architecture at the Exchange Platform level as well as at 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
58
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
CSR Policy and CSR initiatives of the Company are placed 
on the Company’s website at www.iexindia.com and the 
Annual CSR Compliance Report pursuant to Section 135 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 is appended as Annexure 1 to this 
Annual Report.
HUMAN RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT
At IEX, we keep employees at the core of everything that we 
do. Our employees are our strength and key differentiators. 
We ensure strong bond with our employees, our highly 
committed and engaged employees continuously deliver 
growth for the organization, by creating value for the 
customers.
Our culture is founded on our five core values of “Excellence, 
Customer Centricity, Integrity, Respect & Trust, and 
Teamwork”.
We are committed and focused on fostering a strong 
learning culture in the organization by continuously 
investing in competence and leadership development of the 
employees through enhancement of functional/ technical 
and behavioural /soft skills. At IEX, we have implemented 
a comprehensive range of Learning and Development 
(L&D) initiatives to nurture talent and enhance capabilities. 
Leveraging cutting-edge digital tools and platforms, we 
prioritize accessibility and flexibility in our approach. Our 
central in-house Learning Management System (LMS), 
enables us to deliver diverse online training courses, track 
progress, and assess outcomes efficiently. With the flexibility 
to access learning materials anytime, anywhere, our 
employees can embark on their learning journey at their own 
pace, ensuring 100 % manpower coverage and alignment 
with essential training requirements such as Prevention of 
Sexual Harassment (POSH) at work place and IT security & 
Data Privacy protocols.
Furthermore, IEX places a strong emphasis on self-directed 
learning, offering a variety of courses covering topics such 
as Stakeholder Management, First Time Manager, and 
Giving and receiving feedback, Influencing Skills, Business 
Communication and Work-life Balance. In last 6 months 136 
employees have completed one or the other listed courses of 
our LMS. Empowering employees to set their learning goals 
and explore areas of interest enhances engagement and 
fosters professional development.
In addition to individual learning, the Company promotes 
knowledge sharing through various internal initiatives. Our 
Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) conduct online knowledge-
sharing sessions accessible to all employees, facilitating the 
exchange of expertise, best practices, and lessons learned 
across teams and locations. Till now we have conducted 
4 sessions covering approximately 40 ~ 50 employees per 
session.
To augment traditional classroom sessions, we integrate 
virtual platforms for pre-work and post-work assignments, 
extending learning beyond physical classrooms and 
maximizing employee engagement. We have conducted 
Emerging Leaders Program for mid level leaders. Additionally, 
our virtual mentoring masterclasses, led by industry 
leaders, enable leaders at IEX to gain insights from diverse 
perspectives and effectively disseminate knowledge within 
their teams.
In technical domain we have conducted programs like REDIS, 
Awareness of US capacity market, Fundamentals of Energy 
Storage, Types of Software Architecture etc..
Our strategy is a combination of developing internal talent 
and hiring best of talent externally. The objective is to create 
complimentary skills in both domain and external/sector 
experience.
We believe in open and transparent work culture that places 
adequate emphasis on employee experience, feedback, 
and suggestions. We have regular employee engagement 
activities including interactions with the leaders of the 
organization through various forums. Forums such as 
weekly and monthly meeting, quarterly All Hands Meet, 
skip level meetings, and departmental meetings provide 
opportunities for employee interaction with the management. 
Our employees are engaged through various engagement 
activities conducted in person as well as through inhouse 
digital platforms.
We are delighted to feature as a Great Place to Work (GPTW) 
in mid-size organization second time in a row for the period 
of Apr’24 ~ Apr’25. This recognition encourages us to move 
forward on our journey towards creating a harmonious 
environment for our workforce at IEX.
TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
Since the inception in the year 2008, the Indian Energy 
Exchange has believed in Technology innovation as a 
key differentiating factor and has adopted the best-in-
class technology, and it continues to do so even today. 
Our technology vision is to architect the next-generation 
technology and digital enterprise solutions that enables us to 
shape development of competitive, transparent, and robust 
energy markets in the country.  
Innovation, and strong technology backbone have indeed 
enabled us build continued trust with our robust ecosystem 
of almost 7,000 participants including 55+ distribution 
utilities, 600+ generators, 1500+ renewable participants and 
4500+ open access consumers as well as provide them with 
best-in-class, seamless, and customer centric services.
We continuously invest effort and resources in technology 
to elevate its ease, 24*7 availability, reliability, security and 
to provide the best-in-class experience to our Customers.  
We have always endeavoured to advance technology 
architecture at the Exchange Platform level as well as at 
Annual Report 2023-24
59
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportFinancial Statements
the Enterprise level. Over the years, we have successfully 
transitioned from monolithic software to a more modular 
service-based architecture and have implemented 
Application Programming Interface (APIs) to integrate our 
Exchange Platform with Members and with the National 
Open Access Registry (NOAR) of GRID-INDIA in an efficient 
manner. Additionally, we have also transitioned to an agile 
development methodology that allows us to implement 
new features very swiftly.  The technological transition has 
been aptly supported with cultural transformation, including 
implementation of a comprehensive training program on new 
technologies for the Exchange Technology team. Similarly, 
implementation of Mixed-Integer Programming (MIP) based 
Exchange technology matching algorithm, at par with the 
global best solutions, has enabled us to introduce complex 
bids to support our Customers in meeting their power trading 
requirements in a dynamically evolving renewable energy 
growth scenario. 
Our relentless focus on customer centricity coupled with the 
best-in-class technology, a focused and dedicated team, and 
technology partnerships with local and global companies, 
indeed sets us apart. In our endeavour to enhance the 
customer experience, the exchange platform has over the 
years optimized the process of power procurement through 
Automated Bidding solutions using Automated Programming 
Interface (APIs). The exchange introduced automated 
bidding through API for the Real-Time Market, where auction 
is conducted 48 times in a day, and minimized manual 
intervention, making the bidding process more seamless. 
The use of bidding automation is only bound to increase 
as the RTM market segment grows. Further, with the 
implementation of the new Grid Code and the reduction of 
the bidding window for the Integrated DAM (I-DAM) segment 
to one hour from the earlier two hours, there is an increased 
need for API based solutions for exchange products. To 
enable Customers to benefit from the bidding automation, 
IEX has now introduced API based bidding for all products 
across the Electricity and the Certificate segments. 
More recently, IEX has launched a web-based platform 
“Energx” to provide anytime anywhere intuitive experience to 
the Customers. The web-based platform provides Customers 
with digital registration, market data insights, easy financial 
reconciliation, effective user access management, and 
web-based bidding for all products across Electricity and 
Certificate segments. 
To ensure high availability and 100% uptime, IEX trading 
system has three layers of redundancy on the network layer 
to allow for a reliable and flexible communication with the 
National Open Access Registry (NOAR) of GRID-INDIA. 
The exchange system is built on a virtualized environment 
with hardware redundancy at the machine level for high 
availability, and further redundancy built into the software 
even at the task level. Backup systems are also implemented 
to automatically take over in a matter of seconds in the 
case of a failure in any of the RTM processes. Our systems 
are built with an auto-healing concept based on extensive 
monitoring which ensures that in case of failure, the system 
recognizes the problem and automatically triggers a fallback 
process with minimal manual intervention, thus minimizing 
downtime. 
IEX is committed to platform security and availability. 
Our focus on continuous improvement has resulted in 
uninterrupted operations - zero unplanned downtime 
or security breaches since inception. Apart from having 
deployed a robust multi-tier cyber security framework that 
helps detect and prevent IT threats, IEX runs a 24/7 real-
time Security Operating Center (SOC) to detect any threats 
in our network. Our members access their online trading 
platform through multiple modes of secure connectivity. To 
enhance and ensure data security, best in class solutions 
and processes have been implemented in IEX to prevent 
unauthorized access to application servers, computers, 
databases, and websites. Through implementation of security 
technologies like Firewall solutions, Endpoint Security, Email 
Security, Multi-tier Gateway level security, Backup security, 
Secure Access Control etc… IEX has covered all the major 
security aspects to protect the digital footprint.
With so many Technology innovations in FY 24-25, we are 
now set to take the next leap. To enhance the Customer 
experience, we plan to extend our API footprint by offering 
Back Office APIs to enable our Customers to get automation 
benefits for post Bidding processes and trade reports. We will 
continue to invest in Security and will enhance our monitoring 
through implementation of Artificial Intelligence (AI) based 
cyber and data security threat detection and prevention 
solutions. Through the introduction of new products and 
bid types for Customers, and through implementation of 
technology enhancements, we strive to stay ahead and fulfil 
our technology vision of creating a customer centric energy 
marketplace through efficient and state of the art Technology 
Solutions.
SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES, OR ASSOCIATE 
COMPANIES
As of March 31, 2024, your Company had one subsidiary 
(wholly owned) and one Associate Company. Further, no 
Company ceased to be Subsidiary or Associate or Joint 
Venture of the Company, during the financial year under 
review.
International Carbon Exchange Private Limited - 
Wholly Owned Subsidiary
International Carbon Exchange Private Limited (“ICX”), a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, was incorporated 
on December 27, 2022, with the intent to explore business 
opportunities in the Voluntary Carbon Market. ICX will enable 
participants to buy and sell voluntary carbon credits at 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
60
Corporate Overview Statutory Report Financial Statements
competitive prices through its transparent & reliable platform 
and facilitate the reduction of global GHG emission. ICX 
was incorporated with an authorized capital of ` 10 Crores 
divided into One Crore equity shares of the face value of 
` 