    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
1
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 
Operator:  Welcome to the IntercontinentalExchange First Quarter 2009 Earnings Call. This is call 
is being recorded. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call, Ms. 
Kelly Loeffler, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please 
proceed. 
 
Kelly Loeffler, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications 
For a copy of the company’s first quarter earnings release and presentations, please visit the 
Investor section of our website at www.theice.com. The items will be archived and our call will be 
available for replay. 
 
Before we begin, you should be aware that our comments this morning may contain certain 
forward-looking statements that represent our current judgments and are subject to various risks, 
assumptions and uncertainties as outlined in the company’s filings with SEC, including our Form 
10-K and Form 10-Q, which we expect to file this week. For a description of the risk that could 
cause our results to differ materially from those that are described in the forward-looking 
statements, please refer to these filings. 
 
Actual results may differ materially from those that are expressed or anticipated in any forward-
looking statements. We’ll also discuss adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per common share, 
adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted operating expenses. These are non-GAAP financial measures that 
exclude certain non operating charges that we believe are not reflective of our normal operating 
performance. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the equivalent GAAP results 
and explanation of why we deem these non-GAAP measures meaningful appear in our earnings 
press release. 
 
With us today are Jeff Sprecher, Chairman and CEO; Scott Hill, Chief Financial Officer; and Chuck 
Vice, President and Chief Operating Officer. At the conclusion of the prepared remarks, we’ll take 
your questions until 9:30 a.m. Eastern time. And I’ll now turn the call over to Scott Hill. 
 
Scott A. Hill, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Thanks, Kelly. And thanks to everyone for joining us today. We’re pleased to report solid first 
quarter results. Despite the challenging global economy we are focused on investing in our growth 
initiatives, as well as delivering improved profitability and value for our shareholders. ICE’S record 
revenues during the quarter reflect the resilience and breadth of our business model. 
 
We continue to believe we have the strongest franchise in the sector, with multiple future 
exchanges and clearing houses as well as the largest OTC execution and clearing business 
globally. ICE’s markets are diversified across the best performing global future and OTC markets to 
serve a diverse and growing customer base. 
 
Let’s start on Slide Four with a summary of our 1Q performance. During the quarter, we made good 
progress on our key strategic and operational initiatives. In addition to successfully launching ICE 
Trust, we achieved record OTC revenues and posted record volume in our Energy Futures 
business. We also introduced dozens of new OTC energy products and realized solid contributions 
from some of our emerging futures markets such Russell, Coal, and Emissions. 
 
ICE delivered record consolidated revenues of $232 million, an increase of 12% over last year’s 
first quarter. Consolidated operating income was $114 million and GAAP operating margin was 
49%. 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
2
 
As we stated in the earnings release this morning and in our prior guidance, we recorded additional 
expenses relating to a few unique items totaling $13 million. These items included transactions fees 
for the acquisition of The Clearing Corporation, ICE Trust start-up costs, real estate lease 
terminations, and head count reductions. Excluding these charges, our operating margin was 55%. 
This is a gain of eight points sequentially compared to 47% in 4Q ‘08. Notably, the operating margin 
for our non-brokered business was over 65% in Q1, and, as it was it was in the fourth quarter, 
Creditex was cash accretive. 
 
Our first quarter tax rate was 34%. Adjusted net income on a non-GAAP basis was $80 million 
resulting in adjusted earnings per share of $1.09. Finally our cash metrics remain solid and we 
continue to be conservatively levered. 
 
During the first quarter, we successfully established new and expanded credit facilities totaling 
$775 million, securing our financing needs at attractive rates. Broad confidence in our strategies 
and our business model allowed us to access financing in the bank market despite the current 
challenges in that market. 
 
Moving next to Slide Five, I’ll discuss the aggregate financial and volumetric results for all of ICE’s 
business segments. In the first quarter, 113 million contracts were traded in our futures and OTC 
Energy markets. These results, combined with our move to self-clearing for our European futures 
and OTC energy business, helped drive record revenue in the quarter. 
 
The pie chart in the lower right quadrant shows our product diversification. You can see that our 
transaction revenue is split about evenly between the futures and OTC segments, and that market 
data contributed 11% of consolidated revenues in Q1. 
 
Now let’s turn to Slide Six, where we detail our revenue and expenses. First quarter transaction 
revenues increased 15% to $204 million. This includes over $98 million from futures, $67 million 
from OTC energy, and $38 million from OTC credit. Market data revenues increased 6% to $26 
million, as we continued to see healthy demand for our data services. 
 
On the expense side, consolidated operating expenses were $118 million compared to 63 million in 
1Q ‘08. There are three main drivers of the growth in expense: $13 million related to first quarter 
acquisition and restructuring charges that I mentioned earlier, $31 million of operational expense 
related to Creditex, and $13 million related to both the amortization of the Russell index license and 
amortization of Creditex intangibles. As we have with each of our prior acquisitions, we are 
integrating Creditex and taking the actions needed to deliver previously identified deal synergies. 
 
During the first quarter, as I mentioned, Creditex was cash accretive. T-Zero, our CDS trade 
processing business, reached breakeven for the first time and was profitable in the month of March. 
And our brokerage business delivered operating margins that we believe are in line with or better 
than those of our competitors. We will continue to invest in key growth opportunities while also 
improving our expense base by delivering on synergies and developing new initiatives to generate 
efficiencies such as further real estate consolidations and process and infrastructure refinement. 
 
Starting with Slide Seven, you will find detail on our Futures segment. Average daily volume or ADV 
by ICE Futures Europe reached a record 638,000 contracts, up 4% versus 1Q ‘08. The rate per 
contract or RPC for energy futures was $1.57, up from $1.25 in 1Q ‘08. This increase was due to 
growth achieved in higher revenue products as well as the inclusion of clearing fees. 
 
Volume growth was driven by Brent crude and gas oil as well as coal and emissions futures. 
Volume growth combined with RPC expansion enabled revenue to grow 31% this quarter versus 
the same quarter in 2008. Finally, as reported yesterday, April’s numbers demonstrate that activity 
in our energy futures market remains solid, with ADV in line with the year-ago period. The 3-month 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
3
average RPC in April was $1.61. I also want to point out that open interest for our energy futures 
market stands at record levels. 
 
Now let’s go to Slide Eight, where you’ll see detail on the first quarter performance of our 
Agriculture and Financial Futures business. ADV was 361,000 contracts per day, which was down 
7% year-to-year. While we were up against our toughest quarterly comparison in the first quarter, 
our results were bolstered by the Russell Index futures. 1Q ‘09 RPC for agricultural futures 
increased to $2.34, up from $2.25 in the fourth quarter of 2008, and $2.14 in 1Q ‘08. RPCs for 
financial futures were stable for the quarter, averaging $0.78. Yesterday, we reported that April 
ADV for ICE Futures U.S. was up 42%. The three month average RPC in April was $2.33 for Ag 
and $0.77 for financial contracts. Our April results and improving volume trends over the last couple 
of months are encouraging. 
 
Let’s turn now to our OTC Energy and Credit Derivatives business on Slide Nine. OTC transaction 
revenues rose 32% to $105 million in 1Q ‘09 compared to last year’s first quarter. For the first 
quarter, average daily commissions in our OTC energy market were $1.1 million per day and 96% 
of our contract volume was cleared. First quarter ADC declined 16% when compared to 1Q ‘08, 
which was the strongest quarter on record for our OTC energy business. 
 
The first quarter of ‘09 was impacted by low and range-bound natural gas prices. Over the past 
several months, natural gas prices have declined to levels not seen for several years. This, coupled 
with high storage levels, has reduced the need for hedging by some customers. 
 
However, compared to the fourth quarter of 2008, our OTC energy revenues have rebounded 
meaningfully, rising 23% sequentially in 1Q ‘09. While the year-over-year comparisons and market 
conditions remain challenging, our average daily commissions through the first part of the year 
have been consistently at or above $1 million per day, including in April. 
 
I want to pause here, and for clarity, remind you that – just as we have historically – we continue to  
present our average daily commissions on a net revenue basis. This means we subtract all broker 
rebates from our gross revenue prior to reporting our average daily commissions for the segment. 
 
I also want to note that we are seeing volumes pick up in the new contracts we’ve launched since 
the section of ICE Clear Europe last November. As an example, commissions in our OTC oil 
contacts increased 35% during the quarter, compared to last year’s first quarter. In addition to an 
exceptional quarter in our OTC oil market, our electric power market had record quarterly revenues, 
and we traded over 1.4 billion megawatt hours of North American power, evidencing our continued 
leadership in the power market. 
 
Turning now to our credit business, CDS transaction revenues totaled $38 million. This includes 
$36 million from our Creditex business, which is down roughly 35% versus the comparable period 
in 2008, but in line with the fourth quarter of 2008. 
 
The credit markets have remained soft in the first part of 2009 as the industry focuses its efforts on 
standardization and clearing. While the traditional brokerage environment remains particularly 
difficult, we’re very pleased with the accelerated contributions we’re realizing from our electronic 
initiatives. In fact, 47% of our 1Q revenues were derived from our key electronic initiatives, which 
provide attractive incremental margins. And with the introduction of clearing, we are seeing a good 
level of interest in the CDS market for new and existing participants. 
 
Finally, on Slide 10, I’ll touch on the financial impact of our collective CDS clearing initiatives. We 
simultaneously signed and closed The Clearing Corp. acquisition just eight weeks ago, and we 
remain in the early stages of this initiative. 
 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
4
Jeff will discuss our key CDS clearing initiatives in a bit, and I wanted to share some financial 
details with you. First, as a reminder, we paid $39 million in cash and the former TCC shareholders 
retained TCC’s cash on hand. Also, while ICE owns and controls both TCC and ICE Trust, the 
transaction included a 50% profit sharing arrangement with the former TCC shareholders related to 
ICE Trust. This profit sharing arrangement does not fully go into effect until one year after the 
launch of ICE Trust. During the first full year of operation, ICE will retain approximately 86% of the 
profits generated by ICE Trust. 
 
Next, we have primarily been back loading U.S. index trades to date and have only recently started 
to process new trades. Thus, our visibility into future volumes remain limited. However, we wanted 
to provide some preliminary financial guidance. We anticipate aggregate revenues for TCC and ICE 
Trust to be in the range of 20 to $30 million for the nine-month period of April through December 
2009. And of that, we expect 2Q revenues to be in the 7 to $9 million range. On a per quarter basis, 
we anticipate incremental expense of 6 to $8 million, which includes 2 to $3 million in additional 
comp expense, $1 million of additional amortization expense, and 3 to 4 million spread about 
evenly between professional services and SG&A. Perhaps most importantly, we expect ICE Trust 
and TCC combined to be GAAP accretive for 2009. 
 
We will provide you with updated guidance as our progress continues and as our visibility improves. 
We will take the same aggressive approach that has helped us establish a leadership position in 
this space to accelerate our revenue opportunities and deliver synergies and cost efficiencies in our 
newly acquired and developed businesses. 
 
So again, we are pleased with the start to 2009, despite the challenging economic and business 
climate. We grew our revenue and established numerous volume and open interest records. Our 
operating margin improved materially versus the prior quarter. We continue to have a strong 
balance sheet and financial flexibility to act opportunistically. In just eight weeks, ICE Trust has 
already cleared over 250 billion of notional value, and our April metrics show continued momentum. 
We believe this performance distinguishes our company by every measure. 
 
Before I hand it over to Jeff, I’ll remind you to please refer to this morning’s earnings release for 
additional updated guidance. We expect to file our 10-Q this week and I’ll be happy to address any 
questions during the Q&A. 
 
Jeff, over to you. 
 
Jeffrey C. Sprecher, Chief Executive Officer 
Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everybody. Since the financial markets are very much 
impacted by many factors that we can’t control, I’d like to focus my remarks on some of the things 
that we are able to influence – namely, our strateg ic initiatives. 
 
As always, we’re committed to expanding our markets and serving our customers through 
innovation, particularly with regard to how our customers can better manage their risk. So starting 
with our Transaction business, Scott did a good job in describing the trends in our core markets, 
and you can see that we’re weathering the storm relatively well. 
 
In recent weeks, we’ve seen somewhat improved performance in volume in key agricultural 
markets. These markets were impacted by high margin requirements and the lack of available 
credit in 2008. Today, we’re seeing anecdotal evidence of this improvement. In April, our largest 
agricultural market, Sugar, showed increases in average daily volume year-over-year. 
 
With respect to the Russell Index futures, these markets performed increasingly well in the first 
quarter, and into the second quarter on a relative basis. We’ve seen recent improvements in 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
5
volumes and in open interest, and we’re working on further initiatives this quarter so that we can 
capitalize on the growth potential of the Russell complex. 
 
Our energy futures markets continue to perform at or near record levels, and year-to-date, our over-
the-counter energy commissions are over $1 million a day. This includes commissions of $1 million 
a day for the month of April. In our energy markets, we continue to see new users logging on to the 
platform, and demand for market data and clearing services is very strong. Because our markets 
have not had significant hedge fund participation, we’ve seen only modest direct impact from their 
de-leveraging. 
 
Our energy futures complex continues to deliver remarkable results. We had another record 
quarter, driven by strength in a wide range of products, including Brent Crude oil, Gas Oil, 
Emissions, Coal, and U.K. Natural Gas. While crude prices have traded in a fairly tight range, the 
storage issues at Cushing, Oklahoma continue to drag on West Texas intermediate volumes while 
providing support for our flagship Brent Crude oil contract. We continue to hear from market 
participants that they are viewing Brent as the better marker for the global price of crude. 
 
We’ll have to see if this trend continues when or if the storage issues at Cushing resolve 
themselves. But our energy futures and over-the-counter markets together with their new clear 
products gives us a lot to talk about with our customers toward meeting their risk management 
needs on a global basis. 
 
I’d like to point out that in ICE’s over-the-counter energy markets, open interest increased 25% in 
the first quarter of this year, from 9 million contracts at the end of December to 12 million at the end 
of March, indicating the continued expansion of our cleared markets. This strength was also 
evidenced by record quarterly revenues for our markets in electric power and in refined oil 
products. 
 
ICE operates the largest cleared over-the-counter energy marketplace in terms of both volume and 
revenue, and our leadership position has been strengthened with the addition of ICE Clear Europe. 
At the end of this month, we’ll have added 100 new over-the-counter cleared energy contracts, with 
many more to come. Our new products are gaining traction, and we anticipate meaningful 
contribution from these products as we move into the second and third quarters. 
 
So with that update on our core markets, if you’ll turn to Slide 11, I’ll discuss our expanding footprint 
in the credit derivatives. I want to spend a bit more time here given the number of questions that we 
continue to receive about these markets. 
 
To put our CDS initiatives into perspective, we’re approaching the development of this business 
with the same strategic mindset that we’ve approached our past initiatives. Whether it was the 
acquisition of the International Petroleum Exchange, or the New York Board of Trade, the 
development of OTC Clearing for energy, or the creation of ICE Clear Europe, our strategy has 
been to identify underserved, lower margin businesses and turn these into drivers of revenue and 
profitability. We do this by putting into place products and services needed for the market to grow. 
This approach has resulted in growth for our shareholders and unparalleled service for our 
customers over the past few years. 
 
So in our CDS business, we’ve assembled a complete credit derivatives infrastructure in just eight 
months, amid a time of dramatic change in the markets. We now offer front-to-back office services 
for the CDS market, including voice brokered and electronic execution, straight-through processing, 
and central clearing services, just to name a few. 
 
The industry efforts to reform the CDS markets are underway, and they’re beginning to bring 
standardization and transparency. Our own Creditex, T-Zero, and ICE Trust have all played a role 
in helping to shape these important changes with innovative solutions. As a result of these efforts, 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
6
and by relying on our experience clearing OTC energy and agricultural products, with trade 
execution and straight-through processing, we’ve been able to delivery CDS clearing. 
 
Based on our conversations with dealers and the buy-side, we continue to have strong convictions 
around the importance of the global credit default swap market. With greater regulatory oversight 
and structure, it’s our view that credit derivatives will offer more security and transparency for those 
who rely on them. Credit default swaps are a valuable tool that we believe will encourage more 
lending and the extension of credit through the ability to hedge credit risk. 
 
While the industry’s seen dramatic reduction in CDS trade flows, our CDS execution and 
processing business is already cash accretive. Despite the loss of several dealers over the last 
year, the impact of deleveraging, and a lack of credit availability for trading, our margins and 
profitability at Creditex are up. We’re particularly proud of this accomplishment given the 
unprecedented downturn in the financial markets since the time that we were contemplating the 
Creditex transaction. 
 
On the Processing side, connectivity to T-Zero continues to expand at a healthy clip, with buy-side 
and sell-side participants now numbering over 380 firms, and this division has now become 
profitable. As Scott mentioned, we expect our CDS business to be both GAAP and cash accretive 
this year. And as you can see, our investments in processing and risk management are already 
paying off, and our synergies are well on track to realization. 
 
So having touched on CDS execution and processing, let me turn to clearing. We established ICE 
Trust as a clearing house for North American credit default swaps. Our progress and that of the 
industry has been tremendous. ICE received regulatory approval for ICE Trust just two months ago, 
and we’ve already cleared over $250 billion in U.S. CDS indices, resulting in open interest of 30 
billion and 2,500 trades. This has required significant domain knowledge and an investment of time 
and resources, as well as a constant dialogue with regulators and market participants. 
 
At the request of our regulators, we’ve introduced clearing for only a portion of the large market. For 
the first month, we were back-loading North American and investment grade and high-yield index 
contracts, and that work is ongoing today. As of two weeks ago, we began accepting new trades 
from certain on-the-run CDS indices. As we begin clearing additional indices, introduce clearing for 
single-name contracts, and bring new participants on the buy-side, we’ll start serving a much larger 
addressable market. We’re working directly with the buy-side, and we expect to implement a 
solution to extend participation in the clearing house very shortly. In the meantime, in its first few 
weeks of operations, ICE Trust has already provided unprecedented transparency and security to 
market participants and regulators. 
 
To address the global nature of the credit default swap market, we’re also working diligently with 
European regulators and market participants there to bring a separate but complementary CDS 
clearing solution to Europe. We’ll operate under the jurisdiction of European regulators through our 
FSA regulated clearing house, ICE Clear Europe. We’ll provide you with more information as our 
clearing plans are rolled out, but we anticipate launching in Europe by the end of this quarter and 
we’re working closely with regulators and participants towards that end. 
 
It’s our view that the enhancements such as clearing and contract standardization will 
fundamentally help the credit default swap market broadly, just as it did in our energy markets 
earlier in this decade. These structural changes take time to work their way through the market, and 
it’s too early to provide definitive estimates as to when these enhancements will show up in our 
results. 
 
To conclude, on Slide 12, I’d like to share our outlook on our business. First, ICE has successfully 
integrated clearing, market data, trade execution, technology and trade processing businesses 
across both futures and over-the-counter markets. Nearly half our revenues come from our over-
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
7
the-counter businesses, and over a third of our revenues comes from outside the U.S. The global 
OTC markets are the largest addressable markets that exist today, and we’ve demonstrated the 
ability to work with end-users to facilitate automation, speed, and transparency within domestic and 
international regulatory frameworks. 
 
We’re very well positioned in our futures markets given the relative strength of volume and open 
interest trends our key segments. Just as we have in the past, we’re focused on initiatives for each 
product category to drive profitable growth. Our team is working hard to serve our customers, who 
are themselves are trying to navigate economic uncertainty. Market participants continue to seek 
risk management support, whether it’s in the form of clearing, market data, or our new products. 
We’re encouraged that our customers are asking us for more, not for less. And our drive to execute 
on behalf of these customers remains central to our strategic vision. 
 
So I’d like to personally thank our customers for their business on behalf of the team at ICE, and I’d 
like to thank all my colleagues for their dedication during these very challenging times. 
 
So thank you for joining us this morning, and with that I’ll now turn it back to the operator, who will 
moderate the question-and-answer session. 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
8
QUESTION AND ANSWER SECTION 
Operator:  Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Now I’ll take our first question from Alex Kramm with 
Barclays Capital. 
 
<Q – Alex Kramm>: Good morning, everyone. 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: Good morning. 
 
<Q – Alex Kramm>: Just wanted to touch on the CDS clearing opportunity here. You obviously 
gave a lot of detail on the short-term opportunity, but we’re obviously a little bit more interested in 
the mid to long term. From what we understand here is that the dealers are actually subject to a fee 
cap going forward. So if you think about the volumes and some of the data available on volumes 
out there, I think if you take the fee cap into consideration, the upside potential’s very limited. 
 
So how do you view this market in the mid to longer term? How do get that upside potential? Is it 
getting new dealers on your platform? Is it really the client side, which I guess there’s no fee caps 
there? Is it Europe? Or is it eventually actually expanding into trading? So if you could differentiate 
it a little bit between those four, it would be great. Thank you. 
 
<A – Scott Hill>: Hey, Alex. It’s Scott. Let me start on this one, and then Jeff can pitch in if he likes, 
at the end. But first of all, we’re not going to comment on the pricing structures that we have in 
place. And what I’d tell you is we’ve got a history of working closely with various customers on 
pricing strategies that we think are appropriate to optimize the overall market. We think we’re doing 
that again in the CDS marketplace. 
 
In longer term, you’ve got to realize, at this point we’re only back-loading and starting to do some 
new trades around U.S. indexes. As Jeff alluded to, we’ve got European indexes that we expect to 
launch this quarter. We’re working on a strategy closely with the buy-side, with the dealers, with the 
regulators to get to an expanded buy-side presence in the clearing house, to launch single-name. 
 
So we think there is significant opportunity beyond what we’re clearing today to grow this market, 
and we think that opportunity is reflected in the investment we’ve made, both in time and other 
resources, to get at that opportunity. 
 
<Q – Alex Kramm>: All right. And then - 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: Let me just add - 
 
<Q – Alex Kramm>: Oh, I’m sorry. 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: – to try to address your initial question, that ICE  has been particularly 
good at working with groups of market participants and consortiums in converting smaller markets 
to much more broadly traded and distributed markets. And so, unlike when we started the 
company, and even unlike when we started ICE Clear Europe, as we sit here today, we have a 
pretty good understanding and view of how our customers trade, and how much they use clearing, 
and have a strong view about how much business a proprietary desk can really put into the 
marketplace, given leverage capabilities at the firms and so on and so forth. 
 
So we have a lot of data to work with from other markets that we’ve been involved in, and we were 
able to apply a lot of the techniques that we’ve used in the past to put together a consortium to help 
us start the CDS business. 
 
So without addressing specifics, I think one takeaway is that we’ve been pretty successful in this 
kind of arena before and have a lot of knowledge that, in fact, we didn’t have years ago, when we 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
9
started the company. So that’s why we feel pretty confident about how this market is unfolding, how 
it’s developing, and how we organized up the initial consortium. 
 
<Q – Alex Kramm>: All right. And then really related to that, I don’t know if you said that we have 
one follow up, but in terms of declined trade opportunity – and you said that’s probably coming 
soon – you’re having talks with the buy-side direct ly. Can you just talk about how that is going? 
When you think you’ll actually see client trade being processed as well? Because what we’re 
hearing since this whole big bang took place is that clients are very, very confused about this 
market, and part of the reason why volumes are down as well, because there’s so much confusion 
on the buy-side, and to people that have not been as involved in the transformation in the market 
as the 9, 10 dealers obviously have. 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: Yes. Sure. Well, the first thing – and I’m not sure  many people realize this 
– that when we set up ICE Trust, in the rule set an d collateral that – legal collateral that surrounds  
that initiative, there is a buy-side solution in there. And all of the initial members have agreed to 
bring the buy-side in to the clearing solution. 
 
We just started by trying to back load existing trade to build open interest in the clearing house, 
because as you’re familiar from looking at futures businesses, it’s – the real strength of our 
businesses is having open interest so that clients continue to come back to do their business. So 
we started with the main holders of open interest and we started with the historical backlog of the 
particularly standardized and liquid trades, and we’re now moving into on-the-run trading and now 
more illiquid single names as we roll forward. And then in conjunction with that, we’re bringing in 
the buy-side, which has already been designed. 
 
As part of the formation of the clearing house, we created a buy-side consulting and advisory 
group, which has now been meeting actively – it’s a ctually I think at this point meeting twice a week 
– working on the specific details, a lot of which i nvolve technology and modifications of instant type 
relationships from a legal standpoint, to allow the market to have the buy-side come in, either as 
members or as nonmembers. And so I think you’re going to see that accelerate here pretty quickly, 
for all the reasons that you just mentioned. 
 
So we feel pretty confident about where we are, very good participation by major holders of buy-
side open interest. And as to the big bang, I really think you need to see these contracts start to 
make their way into the clearing house, as the standardization then will be adopted. What will 
happen is people will have standardized contracts as open interest in the clearing house, and as 
they manage their risk in those positions, they’ll trade in and out of the standardized contract. And I 
think that will be the glue that helps to foster more standardization. 
 
<Q – Alex Kramm>: All right. I’ll jump back in the queue. Thanks. 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: Great. Thanks, Alex. 
 
Operator:  We’ll take our next question from Rich Repetto with Sandler O’Neill. 
 
<Q – Richard Repetto>: Good morning, Jeff and Scott. 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: Good morning. 
 
<A – Scott Hill>: Good morning. 
 
<Q – Richard Repetto>: I guess the question is, again on CDS book, what are some of the 
assumptions that are in the guidance for the rest of – the remaining three quarters? Because you 
are seeing a doubling, just week-to-week, of what you’re – in the new phase. So it’s hard – are you 
going to assume that you’re going to continue to ramp in this new phase? Because the beginning of 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
10 
the downloading is much different than where you were, say, last week. The question is, what are 
the assumptions that are embedded to get you to these numbers for the remaining ‘09 on CDS 
Clear? 
 
<A – Scott Hill>: So, Rich, let me take that. I won’t get too specific because, frankly, the more 
specific I get, the more wrong I’ll be in just three months’ time, as we get greater visibility. But what 
we basically looked at is the backloading we’ve got to date. We’ve got volume knowledge and 
insight from last year. We’ve got volume insight from our Creditex team this year. We have an idea 
of when we’ll launch European indexes – we mentione d in the second quarter – when we’ll start to 
see the buy-side come in, quickly after the European indexes are launched, and when we’ll start to 
launch single name. 
 
So we’ve looked at what we think those timelines are as they play out in the second quarter and 
into the third quarter. And then based on historical volumes, we’ve tried to make some projection of 
what the volumes will look like. So on a revenue side, again, as I said, we provided a wide range at 
20 to $30 million. It’s wide because the assumptions in there are very rough and are very early. 
 
But from a cost standpoint, I feel much more comfortable with the estimate, because we have good 
visibility into what the acquired cost base is at TCC. What I would tell you is that that cost estimate 
at this point in time really doesn’t reflect any view on the synergies that we typically yield in deals. 
Because, as I mentioned, the deal only closed eight weeks ago. We’re just getting to know the 
team and to see what the technology requirements are, and the process requirements are, to 
continue to drive all of these CDS clearing initiatives. So I think those estimates are pretty solid, but 
as we’ve typically done, we’ll work through what synergies we can drive out, and we’ll be back with 
you with more details on the synergies as we have better visibility into the cost base. 
 
<Q – Richard Repetto>: Okay. And I guess not to use the second question – I’m still on CDS, but I 
guess maybe a longer term picture, Jeff. It sounds like – and I’m assuming that the costs are 
relatively fixed. I guess that would be one part of it. But I’m just trying to see – you’ve built thin gs 
like you say you’ve said before, not for just this year or next year but for two, three years out. So 
what are the other opportunities that you see have a potential if you’ve got a semi-fixed cost 
clearing platform now for OTC? 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: That’s a very thoughtful question. Thank you. A couple things. First, just 
with respect to how CDS will unfold against that fixed cost. When we first announced the 
acquisition of Creditex, we said we thought the market would become more standardized, more 
transparent and clear, and more electronic. And, my God, I mean we’ve only owned Creditex for 
just a matter of months, and already the industry’s agreed on the standardization, agreed on new 
default procedures for cash settlements, backed us in our clearing initiative, and our electronic 
business in Creditex has substantially increased. 
 
So when I was telling you that, I didn’t really think that it was going to happen really in six months. 
So this CDS market is morphing on an accelerated pace, given all the stress that exists in the credit 
market today. And so, in that regard, it’s hard to know what that curve looks like if you were to 
graph it, but certainly the trend is towards where we have placed the company. 
 
Now, we came into this looking at how we did clearing for OTC energy. And when we first started 
clearing OTC energy – my colleague, Chuck Vice, who ’s sitting here quietly, and some of my other 
colleagues – we were able to go into a market that was very small comparatively and we were able 
to use our futures infrastructure, because a lot of the OTC customers also traded related futures, 
and the OTC markets at that time were very, very related to what existed in the futures market. 
 
So using the futures infrastructure was how we attacked OTC clearing for energy. What we found in 
credit is that there wasn’t the related future. The infrastructure – the technology infrastructure did n’t 
exist in the futures market. And that’s why we’ve had to acquire a lot of it. And it’s frankly I think 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
11 
why we’re doing real clearing while some of the other people that are trying to get into this business 
are struggling relative to us. And so that infrastructure is really being tied into the OTC desks of 
many of the major dealers and many of the major buy-side. And as these markets become 
available for clearing, as the market wants to push them into clearing houses, one thing that we will 
have is connectivity, and obviously a good relationship with a lot of the Wall Street banks that hold 
a lot of open interest. 
 
And so we’ll just have to see how that unfolds. We’re being very communicative with the 
marketplace. We’re being very open to ideas and trying to be entrepreneurial around this as our 
customers are facing more pressures to manage their risk. 
 
<Q – Richard Repetto>: Okay. No mention of any other asset classes of products here then?. 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: I don’t want to specifically mention anything. But as you’re aware, and I’m 
sure that’s why you’re asking the question, there’s a lot of stress that fell out of the Lehman 
collapse in bilateral trading. And people are looking at a lot of different asset classes that had 
bilateral nature to them, and trying to figure out if a central counterparty would have been a better 
solution during that Lehman event. And so we’re actively involved in a lot of conversations, trying to 
figure out if we can be part of the solution. 
 
<Q – Richard Repetto>: Okay. 
 
Operator:  We’ll take the next question from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. 
 
<Q – Kenneth Worthington>: Hi. Good morning. The OTC revenue for just dealing in cleared 
Energy appears to be holding up very well, particularly in April, especially given that gas markets – 
the price of gas is low, dollars at risk seem much lower. So the question is, why is this business 
holding up as well as it is? Is it new customers? Is it new products? I thought your comments made 
it seem early for the new products to be kicking in, but maybe I’m wrong there. What’s allowing that 
revenue stream to hold up as well as it is? 
 
<A – Scott Hill>: Hey, Ken, it’s Scott. Again, let me start, and Jeff can add anything I forget to 
mention. I think there are really a couple of factors at play. First, we pretty consistently said that our 
OTC markets are not dominated by any one or two customers, and that we haven’t been 
particularly directly impacted by deleveraging. And I think those statements have been borne out 
over the last couple of quarters. We look every month at who our top 20 customers are in the OTC 
business, and I, just this morning, looked back a year ago, at the top 20 then and the top 20 now. 
And there is a lot of consistency. You think how different the world is today versus what the world 
was a year ago, and our customer base is still largely the same. 
 
So movement within the top 20, a few in, a few out, but generally speaking, it’s been largely 
consistent. So I think the solid customer base that ICE has built up over time – and the relatively 
more commercial customer base – again, we’ve talked  about consistently being around 45 to 50% 
commercial. That’s held, and again, I think it’s those commercial customers with a need to hedge 
that are still in the markets hedging. 
 
I think the other thing is, too, people think about our OTC markets sometimes and overstate how 
much of it is just nat gas. And nat gas has held in pretty well in the fourth quarter into the first 
quarter. But our OTC oil revenues were up 35% in the first quarter this year versus the first quarter 
last year. Our power revenues were up 25% in the first quarter this year over the first quarter of last 
year. And if you look sequentially, fourth quarter to first quarter, oil and North American power were 
both up significantly. 
 
So I think it’s a strong commercial – consistent co mmercial customer base, coupled with, again, a 
diversified OTC platform that’s not just nat gas, but also power and oil. 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
12 
 
<Q>: Great. Jeff, any other comments? Or did Scott do you justice? 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: He did the company justice. 
 
<Q – Kenneth Worthington>: [laughter] Okay. Great. Just on taxes, Obama is – a ppears to be 
adjusting tax policy for companies with foreign subsidiaries. What kind of impact might that have on 
your tax rate going forward? Do you guys deduct foreign taxes from your U.S. taxable income? 
 
<A – Scott Hill>: Yes. Ken, there’s a lot going on with taxes in the Obama administration. So I’m 
not going to try and read the tea leaves into where it may be headed. But what was announced 
yesterday appears largely to be targeted at people who are taking U.S. earnings and putting them 
outside of the U.S. tax jurisdiction. That’s not something we’ve done or currently do. 
 
We have a global presence. We have a thriving London business where we earn profits outside of 
the U.S. And when we earn the profits outside the U.S., we pay non-U.S. tax rates. So we’re not in 
a situation where we’re taking profits earned in the U.S. and moving them out. We simply pay taxes 
where we actually earn the profit. So what’s been proposed, at least thus far, I wouldn’t expect to 
have a material impact to our tax structure or to our tax rate. 
 
<Q – Kenneth Worthington>: Great. Thank you very much. 
 
Operator:  We’ll take our next question from Patrick O’Shaughnessy with Raymond James. 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: Good morning. 
 
Operator:  Caller, your line is open? And we’ll take our next question from Niamh Alexander with 
KBW. 
 
<Q – Niamh Alexander>: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. If I could go back to the credit 
derivatives just for a sec, if I could go up to kind of a higher level, looking at the industry, Jeff, can 
you maybe walk me through the electronic trading opportunity in the U.S.? Because we’re kind of in 
very early stages, maybe, with the blind auctions, but where are you now? Where would you like to 
be in a year’s time? How should we think about Creditex’s opportunity there versus its competitors? 
And maybe how the market structure might look like? 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: Sure. Thanks for asking the question. And Niamh, I always have a lot of 
empathy for you, because I have a last name that most people can’t pronounce, and you have a 
first name that most people can’t pronounce, so... 
 
<Q – Niamh Alexander>: [laughter] Thank you. 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: First of all, I think you understand and embedded in your question is the 
fact that, in the United States, currently most of the electronic platforms are not similar to futures, in 
that there’s not a consistent two-way bid offer price throughout the day on a wide range of products. 
Where electronic trading is being used in the United States, particularly, are for discrete auctions 
and more organized buys and sells. It’s partly due, frankly, to the illiquidity. So what we do is we 
organize specific times during the day for specific kinds of products that run in limited periods. 
 
Separate from that, then, you’re probably aware that when a company actually defaults, the 
industry turns to us. They use our auction mechanism to actually settle the underlying view of the 
bonds that have been defaulted on. And so, after those – we get the entire industry engaged, really, 
electronically, as those periods happen. And then what’s going on is that, when we get eyeballs on 
our screens, there tends to be continuation of trading in other kinds of products, just because 
everybody has arrived. 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
13 
 
So what I think is going to be needed to have sort of continuous two-way bid offers in the form of 
futures is having clearing, is having standardization, and is having broader distribution of the use of 
credit default swaps. It’s hard to know how that’s going to unfold, what the timing is. But certainly 
the underlying infrastructure for that is quickly being put into place by us. 
 
In Europe, frankly, because the market is very broad and there are desks all over Europe, the 
European marketplace, frankly, largely as a result of the efforts of Creditex, has gone to a more 
continuous two-way bid offer market already. So we know that the credit default swap market can 
support that type of trading. In Europe, it’s very much surrounded by voice brokers, so it’s a hybrid 
model. And brokers help drive liquidity to the screen and help manage customer business around 
that screen. So it’s a little further along, but still, it’s a hybrid business. And so I would think the U.S. 
would follow that model here relatively soon. 
 
<Q – Niamh Alexander>: Okay. Thanks for that. And I guess just following up on the credit 
derivatives. If I could just move back to the clearing for a second, you’d indicated you’d have 
capabilities for clearing by the end of this quarter, which is consistent with what you’d said 
previously. But can you help me understand the level of cooperation with the dealers in Europe? 
Because in the U.S., I guess we’ve got a few more signals, as it were, with the kind of specific 
cooperation agreement, the sharing of the economics. Is that something we should assume that’s 
already in place in Europe, or is that something you’re working on, and maybe some of your 
competitors are also trying to work on? 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: Sure. Well, when we did our original deal, one of the things that we did is 
we contemplated, in the original arrangement, the possibility that we may build a second clearing 
infrastructure in Europe, depending on how regulation unfolded. So our European deal 
contractually is already in place, and was in place when we launched the U.S. business. 
 
Where we are right now is that, due to the view of regulators, we have decided to create that 
second clearing infrastructure. Europe is used to seeing and has some precedent for creating 
essentially a clearing house within a clearing house, which is done, frankly, at the London clearing 
house, where we’re not co-mingling our credit default swaps with our current infrastructure. We’re 
really creating a separate risk pool, separate technology, separate risk committees, separate 
default procedures, and so on and so forth. Separate rule book. So it will run under the same 
regulatory umbrella, but it will be really a stand alone clearing function, which we’re allowed to do in 
Europe. 
 
And right now – so we’re importing the U.S. technol ogy into Europe. We’re hooking it to, frankly, the 
treasury services and billing services that we use in Europe. And that work is going on right now. 
And the dealers are testing with us, putting trades through, so that I think in a few weeks here, we’ll 
be able to launch, and it will be seamless for them. 
 
So they’re very engaged with us. There certainly is competition both in the U.S. and in Europe for 
clearing. But the group that we’ve put together is depending upon us to meet their targets in order 
to meet the targets that they committed to with regulators. 
 
<Q – Niamh Alexander>: Okay. That’s all. Thanks for taking my questions. I’ll get back in the 
queue. 
 
Operator:  We’ll take our next question from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse. 
 
<Q – Howard Chen>: Good morning, everyone. 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: Good morning. 
 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
14 
<A – Scott Hill>: Good morning. 
 
<Q – Howard Chen>: Congratulations on the strong quarter. Jeff, you started with the company 
with your background in the power industry. There appears to be some changes on the 
deregulation of some of the regional markets. Can you talk about how you’ve positioned the 
company for some of those opportunities, which you already have a very meaningful presence in? 
And maybe discuss some of the competitive landscape compared to some of the prior cycles where 
this has happened. 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: Sure. Power’s my strength, and my colleague Chuck Vice – we both 
came out of the power markets, and which is why I started really as a power company. And as 
you’re alluding to, I was living in California and started the company really to try to be a California 
power exchange. So my specific domain now was very strong in the western U.S. 
 
When California went through its energy crisis, and the California power exchange – the 
government regulated power exchange folded – we bec ame really the domain for the trading in the 
west. And what’s now happening is that California and the west has regrouped, restructured, and is 
adopting the kind of trading model that’s used in the eastern United States. 
 
So we saw that coming. We knew it was coming. And one of the things that we’ve worked very, 
very diligently on is really moving into the physical power markets. We have very, very – it’s not 
necessarily a big revenue driver, so it’s not something that you ask about a lot, as an analyst 
looking at our numbers. But our screens are very, very pervasively distributed in physical players 
that are buying and selling short-term power for delivery, really – and they’re in the utility busines s. 
And by being there and just being part of their work flow, we got ourselves hooked into the West, so 
that it could basically modify and we could stay connected. 
 
I think it’s good news, actually, what’s going on there. The big power trading volumes come from 
the eastern U.S. The market likes that model. So it’s not surprising that the west is adopting it. And 
I would expect that it will help drive continued growth in trading, and given that we’re the dominant 
player in the East Coast, I would expect that we would continue to follow the growth in the West. 
 
<Q – Howard Chen>: Okay. Great. So you wouldn’t view any kind of changes on the competitive 
landscape? 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: No. I think it bodes well for us. I mean the West was using ICE indices as 
the proxy for that market, but really, physical players want to schedule and deliver power. They 
need a government-type infrastructure that can run transmission lines and provide real time 
balancing and transparency around that. And that underlying physical market will allow the forward 
and ultimately, eventually, futures market to grow. 
 
<Q – Howard Chen>: Great. Thanks. And then, Scott, on the numbers, even stripping out some of 
this quarter’s one timers, expenses were a lot better than we thought, and specifically honing in on 
comp and benefits. Can you talk about some of the moving parts within that line item this quarter, 
and were you able to perhaps accelerate any of the synergy realization? I’m just trying to get a 
sense of the stickiness of some of the downward movements in the compensation benefits lines, if 
revenues stayed – all else being equal. Thanks. 
 
<A – Scott Hill>: Yeah, Howard. I think one of the things hopefully you’ve seen is we tend to try to 
act in advance of problems being upon us. And so we saw the markets getting more difficult in the 
back half of last year, and made the determination then to take some of the actions we’ve talked to 
you about – the resource reductions that we’ve done , the accelerated synergies at our acquired 
businesses, the fact that we froze salary increases for officers. All of those decisions were made 
last year. So what you saw in the first quarter were some of the benefits from those decisions 
exiting last year, providing some benefit into the early part of this year. So, again, I think it’s just – 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
15 
the ICE management team historically has done a good job managing spending in difficult times. 
And as we saw the challenges grow at the back half of last year, we tightened down on the 
expense, and I think you saw that in the first quarter. 
 
<Q – Howard Chen>: Thanks so much for taking my question. 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: One thing I would point out, Howard, just as follow up, is that we still, 
though, have decided to invest heavily in a few businesses, despite the economic downturn. We 
are obviously investing heavily in credit default swap clearing and infrastructure. We’re investing 
heavily in Russell indices, and we’ve got a pretty interesting technology investment going on that 
we think will take us to the next level. So we have not backed off on those. We do have variability if 
we needed to, but our view is that those are long term investments that will pay value, and so we’re 
going ahead with them. 
 
Operator:  We’ll take our next question from Mark Lane with William Blair & Company. 
 
<Q – Mark Lane>: Hi. Good morning. Just a couple of quick ones. So, Jeff, maybe you said it in a 
different way, but regarding CDS, are you working on a front-end trading system, where you would 
get execution fees on the front-end? Is that something that is in the plan for this year, or over any 
reasonable period of time? 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: We have a couple of things that we’re doing. One is, in the clearing 
house alone, we’ve adopted an open platform policy, so that any platform can ultimately hook to 
that clearing house. So we would participate in the electronification of the markets through our 
clearing revenues. 
 
On the second piece, we are really driving a lot of electronic execution at Creditex. The markets are 
going increasingly electronic. It’s a hybrid model where we’re using our brokerage team. We’ve 
taken down the size of that brokerage team, kept our very high performing brokers, and we’ve 
given them screens. And they’re helping to drive electronic execution, and that is growth. So we 
haven’t broken it out specifically, but - 
 
<Q – Mark Lane>: But nothing similar to what the CME initially launched, in trying to drive liquidity 
to an ICE-sponsored electronic platform, something like that? 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: Well, one thing that we’re not doing, which I think is different than some 
other people in the market, is we’re not trying to make credit default swaps a future contract. In 
other words, we’re using specific technology that’s really designed for the way the OTC markets 
exist today. And that technology is morphing. And I suspect, at some point, we’ll become an active, 
two-way, bid-offer market that looks much more like futures. 
 
But that’s not where the market is today, and in fact customers really need a lot of broker 
intermediation right now, because the spreads have widened, difficult credit environment, and 
people are trying to basically buy credit protection in the middle of a credit hurricane. And so it’s a 
complicated market that doesn’t lend itself, at this moment, to some kind of two-way, future-style 
bid-offer. 
 
<Q – Mark Lane>: Okay. And then just as a follow-up on the operating margin, so, if you take out – 
Scott, if you take out the impact of the CDS the next few quarters, the 55% operating margin, ex 
non-recurring expenses, if revenue is kind of in this range for the next few quarters, I mean is that 
something that can be improved upon, do you think? 
 
<A – Scott Hill>: I think the 55% – as I mentioned in my prepared rem arks, you peel back the 55%, 
underneath that, our core operating margins for our non-brokered business were 65%. And if you 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
16 
look back historically, the mid 60s, plus or minus a little bit, it’s been a pretty good average 
assumption for us. 
 
So I think the 55% is a good number. I wouldn’t predict where margins would go, because that 
fundamentally is a prediction around where revenues will go. But what I would tell you is, as Jeff 
alluded to, while we’re focused on managing our expenses, we are continuing to invest in growth. 
And so, to some extent, we use the synergies we drive to invest in our growth initiatives. And so, I 
think a good assumption would be stable margins as opposed to any significant up or downward 
movement. 
 
<Q – Mark Lane>: Thank you. 
 
Operator:  We’ll take our next question from Michael Vinciquerra with BMO Capital Markets. 
 
<Q – Michael Vinciquerra>: Thanks for taking my question. I want to jump over to carbon, if I 
could. And based on our projections, it looks like from the ECX side of things, you guys might be 
generating a run rate of maybe $2.5 million a quarter now. In terms of revenue there, I’m assuming 
that’s pretty high margin. Can you just comment on, A, the growth in that market as you’ve seen it? 
And, B, what is your relationship with Chicago Climate Exchange in the U.S., should we get a 
mandatory market here? Is there a way to put in place similar economics, because I think the 
contract is much different here in the states? Thanks. 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: Thanks for the question. We definitely have seen, if you look back over 
the last four quarters, we have clearly seen an acceleration in the revenues that we’re getting from 
Emissions. Let me just step back and tell you, I’m sure most of you are aware, that for ECX, we 
provide the trading platform for the Emissions products, and we also provide the clearing. And so 
we get revenue from each of those, from the execution and from the clearing. 
 
I don’t think we break out specifically what the Emissions revenue is, so I’d be reluctant to do that at 
this point, but what I would tell you is, on a year over year basis, the revenues we saw in the first 
quarter versus what we saw in the first quarter a year ago are nearly 10 times the level. So, we 
have definitely experienced growth related to that. And I guess interestingly, what – we have also 
historically provided the trading platform for CCX in the U.S., and with the acquisition of The 
Clearing Corporation, we now also provide clearing for CCX. 
 
So we have a very good relationship with the Climate Exchange. We believe there’s good 
opportunity for that business to continue to grow, and we think we’re well positioned to participate in 
that growth. 
 
<Q – Michael Vinciquerra>: That’s great. Thank you guys. 
 
Operator:  We’ll take our next question from Chris Allen with Pali Capital. 
 
<Q – Chris Allen>: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: Morning. 
 
<A – Scott Hill>: Morning. 
 
<Q – Chris Allen>: Scott, if you could just provide us an update on what the non-cash comp was 
this quarter? I’m just trying to reconcile your guidance on that. And also the guidance in terms of 
the synergies, just given Howard’s earlier question – the $5 million decline in the compensation 
line. If you could just provide us some help on that, that’d be great. 
 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
17 
<A – Scott Hill>: Yeah. The non-cash in the quarter was $10 million. If you look back to the fourth 
quarter, it was $11 million, so it was down a little bit. What we’ve said in our previous guidance was 
we’d be in the 42 to $46 million range for the year. We still expect that we’ll likely be in that range, 
and so the implication is, versus 10 in the first quarter, we expect a slight uptick as you get into 2Q, 
3Q, and 4Q. And again, our expectation would be we’ll be in the 42 to $46 million range for the 
year. 
 
<Q – Chris Allen>: Okay. And then just – so you are realizing greater than expected synergies 
from Creditex in other areas – is that a fair assum ption, just given the step down in cash comp? 
 
<A – Scott Hill>: Well, I think it’s – we said originally 9 to $14 mi llion of synergies from Creditex. 
That included roughly half of it in expense and half of it in revenues. As we I think updated on the 
last call, we actually now believe we can generate 8 to $10 million of expense-alone synergies, and 
we took the action sooner rather than later, to try and accelerate the realization in this year. 
 
In addition to that, a part of the revenue synergies that we had guided to originally were around the 
T-Zero business that, at the time of acquisition, was losing probably five, $6 million a year. And as I 
mentioned in my remarks, that business broke even in the first quarter and actually made a little bit 
of money in March. So I think the synergies for Creditex are well on track, and even more 
importantly, the electronic initiatives are starting to yield, which provide good incremental margins. 
And the voice broker team, the management team there has done a tremendous job of getting rid 
of the lower-performing brokers and really aligning the interests and motivating the higher-
performing brokers to continue that business in what’s a particularly difficult market right now. 
 
<Q – Chris Allen>: Okay. And just one follow-up. Just on the over-the-counter business, you 
talked about the revenue growth there. I’m just trying to understand the underlying growth in the 
business, when you strip out the benefits of clearing, because we saw year-over-year declines on 
the revenue side in both the first quarter and again in April. So I’m just trying to think about the 
impact of clearing in that business, and how to think about the organic growth going forward. 
 
<A – Scott Hill>: Yeah. I guess I’d debate the question a little bit in I’m not sure why you would 
strip out clearing. We spent a long time and investment building a clearing house in Europe, and 
the clearing revenues are absolutely a part of the OTC energy business that is executed on our 
exchange. So as I look at it, I look at a business that, although down 16% on a year-to-year basis, 
is up 23% sequentially. And as I mentioned earlier, had underneath the covers oil up 35% in 
revenue, Power up 25% in revenues. So I think we feel pretty good about where our OTC Energy 
business is, particularly in this economic environment. 
 
<Q – Chris Allen>: Thanks a lot, guys. 
 
Operator:  Now we’ll take our next question from Don Fandetti with Citi. 
 
<Q – Donald Fandetti>: Hi. Good morning. Jeff, it seems like some of the dealers are warming up 
to moving interest rate swaps to an exchange. It’s a view that CME, obviously, given their current 
business would have an advantage there. Is that business of interest to you, as you look out and 
leverage your current OTC clearing? 
 
<A – Jeffrey Sprecher>: My colleagues like to laugh at me because every business is of interest 
to me. They just don’t like what it entails under the covers in terms of hard work. But I can’t speak 
to what our competitors are doing. But my conversations with major interest rate traders are 
interesting. You’ve obviously seen the business of collateralizing and hedging CDOs, CMOs, CLOs 
has to have massively fallen off, as that business is going away. 
 
And so the interest rate business itself is changing. It’s really going back to hedging of true interest 
exposure, which is really a bank-type market. And the banks have been working, as you’ve seen, 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  ICE  Q1 2009 Earnings Call  May 5, 2009  
Company ▲  Ticker ▲  Event Type ▲  Date ▲  
 
       www.CallStreet.com  •  212-849-4070 •  Copyright © 2001-2009 CallStreet 
 
18 
with trying to expand SwapsClear, which is the interest rate clearing infrastructure inside London 
clearing house, even going so far as to try to potentially restructure and recapitalize the whole 
London clearing house ownership and management governance. So that’s an ambitious plan that 
they have, but a very well running infrastructure that did a good job in the Lehman collapse. 
 
So it’s against that backdrop that you have to look at what are the opportunities for interest rate 
clearing and trading. And so we’re having obviously a lot of conversations, as are most of the 
infrastructure providers, and we do have a very good infrastructure for clearing swaps that we 
acquired through The Clearing Corporation. It’s a very unique clearing infrastructure. Does not use 
stand margining, which is what futures does. It uses bar-type margining. It fits into the work flow of 
– and the payment cycle flow – of the way the over- the-counter markets work. 
 
So because of that, we obviously have a seat at the table to have those conversations, and we’ll 
see what unfolds from there. 
 
<Q – Donald Fandetti>: Okay. Thank you. 
 
Operator:  And at this time I would like to turn it back over to Mr. Sprecher with any additional 
comments. 
 
Jeffrey C. Sprecher, Chief Executive Officer 
Well, thank you all for joining us this morning. I appreciate your interest in the company. Again, I 
want to thank my colleagues for a lot of hard work in putting all the infrastructure together, and 
thank our customers for your business during very, very difficult times in terms of managing risk. 
And we’ll look forward to talking to you all next quarter. 
 
Operator:  That does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer  
The information herein is based on sources we believe t o be reliable but is not guaranteed by us and does not purport to be a complete or error-free statement or summary of the 
available data. As such, we do not warrant, endorse or g uarantee the completeness, accuracy, integrity, or timeline ss of the information. You must evaluate, and bear all risks 
associated with, the use of any information provided here under, including any reliance on the accuracy, completene ss, safety or usefulness of such information. This informatio n is not 
intended to be used as the primary basis of investment de cisions. It should not be construed as advice designed to  meet the particular investment needs of any investor. Thi s report is 
published solely for information purposes, and is not to be construed as financial or other advice or as an offe r to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy an y security in any state where 
such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. Any in formation expressed herein on this date is subject to chan ge without notice. Any opinions or assertions contained in  this information 
do not represent the opinions or beliefs of FactSet Ca llStreet, LLC. FactSet CallStreet, LLC, or one or mo re of its employees, including the writer of this repor t, may have a position in 
any of the securities discussed herein. 
 
THE INFORMATION PROVIDED TO YOU HEREUNDER IS PROVID ED "AS IS," AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FactSet CallStreet, LLC 
AND ITS LICENSORS, BUSINESS ASSOCIATES AND SUPPLIER S DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SAME,  EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND STATUTORY, 
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, AND NON-
INFRINGEMENT. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY AP PLICABLE LAW, NEITHER FACTSET CALLSTREET, LLC NOR I TS OFFICERS, MEMBERS, DIRECTORS, 
PARTNERS, AFFILIATES, BUSINESS ASSOCIATES, LICENSOR S OR SUPPLIERS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INC IDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR 
PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, SECURITY BREACHES, VIRUSES, 
COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES OR COMMERCIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES IS ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES, ARISING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN OR ANY OTHER SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF. 
 
The contents and appearance of this report are Copyright ed FactSet CallStreet, LLC 2009. CallStreet and FactS et CallStreet, LLC are trademarks and service marks of Fact Set 
CallStreet, LLC. All other trademarks mentioned are trademarks of their respective companies. All rights reserved. 
 