INTERCONTINENTALEXCHANGE GROUP, INC.
NOTICE OF 2014 ANNUAL MEETING
AND
PROXY STATEMENT
March 31, 2014
Dear Stockholder:
On behalf of the Board of Directors and management of IntercontinentalExchange Group,
Inc., I am pleased to invite you to the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Annual Meeting
will be held at the St. Regis Atlanta, Eighty-Eight West Paces Ferry Road, Atlanta, Georgia
30305 on Friday, May 16, 2014 at 8:30 a.m., local time.
The attached Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement describe the formal business to
be conducted at the Annual Meeting. Our Board of Directors and senior officers, as well as
representatives from our independent registered public accounting firm, will be present to respond
to appropriate questions from stockholders.
Again this year, we are delivering proxy materials for the Annual Meeting under the
Securities and Exchange Commission’s “Notice and Access” rules. These rules permit us to
furnish proxy materials, including the attached Proxy Statement and our 2013 Annual Report, to
our stockholders by providing access to such documents on the Internet instead of mailing printed
copies. The rules also allow us to help the environment by reducing the consumption of paper,
energy, and other natural resources and to lower printing and distribution expenses paid by
IntercontinentalExchange Group. Our stockholders will receive a Notice of Internet Availability
of Proxy Materials (the “Notice”), which provides instructions on how to access and review all of
our proxy materials on the Internet, and will not receive printed copies unless they request them.
The Notice also explains how you may submit your proxy on the Internet.
Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, please complete, sign, date and return the
enclosed proxy card in the envelope provided or vote telephonically or electronically using the
Internet voting procedures described on the proxy card at your earliest convenience.
Sincerely,
Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc.
IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc.
2100 RiverEdge Parkway, Suite 500
Atlanta, Georgia 30328
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
TO BE HELD MAY 16, 2014
NOTICE HEREBY IS GIVEN that the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of IntercontinentalExchange
Group, Inc. will be held at the St. Regis Atlanta, Eighty-Eight West Paces Ferry Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30305 on
Friday, May 16, 2014 at 8:30 a.m., local time, for the purposes of considering and voting upon:
1. The election of fourteen directors to serve until the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders;
2. An advisory resolution on our executive compensation;
3. The ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as our independent registered public
accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2014;
4. The amendment of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to change our name
from “IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc.” to “Intercontinental Exchange, Inc.”; and
5. Such other business as properly may come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournments
thereof. The Board of Directors is not aware of any other business to be presented to a vote of the
stockholders at the Annual Meeting.
The Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on March 18, 2014 as the record date for determining
the stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting and any adjournments thereof.
If you hold your shares of common stock through a broker or nominee, you will need to bring either a copy
of the voting instruction card provided by your broker or nominee or a copy of a brokerage statement showing
your ownership as of March 18, 2014.
A list of stockholders entitled to vote at the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be available for
inspection upon request of any stockholder for a purpose germane to the meeting at our principal executive
offices, 2100 RiverEdge Parkway, Suite 500, Atlanta, Georgia 30328 during the ten days prior to the meeting,
during ordinary business hours, and at the St. Regis Atlanta, Eighty-Eight West Paces Ferry Road, Atlanta, GA
30305 during the meeting.
WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND, PLEASE SUBMIT YOUR PROXY WITH
VOTING INSTRUCTIONS. YOU MAY VOTE BY TELEPHONE OR INTERNET (BY FOLLOWING
THE INSTRUCTIONS ON THE PROXY CARD) OR BY MAIL IF YOU RECEIVE A PRINTED
PROXY CARD.
By Order of the Board of Directors,
Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Atlanta, Georgia
March 31, 2014
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials
for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on May 16, 2014
We are sending a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the “Notice”) to our stockholders
rather than mailing a full paper set of the materials. The Notice contains instructions on how to access our
proxy materials on the Internet and how to vote, as well as instructions on obtaining a paper copy of the proxy
materials.
For additional information, see Additional Information – Voting Instructions and
Frequently Asked Questions below.
To Vote by Internet and to Receive Materials Electronically
Read the Proxy Statement.
Go to the website www.proxyvote.com that appears on your proxy card.
Enter the control number found on the front of your proxy card and follow the simple instructions.
Choose to receive an e-mail notice when proxy statements and annual reports are available for viewing over
the Internet. You will cut down on bulky paper mailings, help the environment, and lower expenses paid by
IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
INTRODUCTION ...................................................................... 1
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY ............................................................... 1
Matters to be Voted on at our Annual Meeting .............................................. 1
Record Date for Voting and Shares Outstanding ............................................. 1
Corporate Governance Developments and Highlights ......................................... 1
Highlights of Our 2013 Performance ...................................................... 2
Compensation Developments and Highlights ............................................... 2
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ........................................................... 4
ITEM 1—ELECTION OF DIRECTORS ................................................... 4
Board of Directors .................................................................. 4
Nominees for Election as Directors at the 2014 Annual Meeting .............................. 4
Directors’ Recommendation ........................................................... 1 2
STRUCTURE AND ROLE OF OUR BOARD .............................................. 1 2
Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors ........................................ 1 2
Independent Non-Employee Directors ................................................... 1 5
Requirements for Directors ........................................................... 1 5
Nomination of Directors .............................................................. 1 5
Board Leadership Structure ........................................................... 1 7
Board Oversight of Risk .............................................................. 1 7
Board of Directors Governance Guidelines ............................................... 1 8
Stockholder Recommendations for Director Candidates ..................................... 1 8
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Insider Trading Policy ............................. 1 9
Communications with the Board of Directors ............................................. 2 0
COMPENSATION MATTERS ............................................................ 2 0
ITEM 2—ADVISORY RESOLUTION TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ........... 2 0
Directors’ Recommendation .......................................................... 2 0
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS ........................................... 2 1
Introduction ........................................................................ 2 1
2013 Advisory Vote Results ........................................................... 2 1
Compensation Objectives and Components ............................................... 2 2
Role of Compensation Consultant ...................................................... 2 2
Risk Assessment with Respect to Compensation ........................................... 2 5
Elements of Compensation ............................................................ 2 5
Stock Ownership Guidelines, Retention Requirements and Insider Trading Policy ................ 3 6
Policy on Deductibility of Compensation ................................................ 3 7
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ........................................................ 3 8
2013 Summary Compensation Table .................................................... 3 8
2013 All Other Compensation ......................................................... 3 9
2013 Grants of Plan-Based Awards ..................................................... 4 0
Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End ............................................ 4 2
Option Exercises and Stock Vested During 2013 .......................................... 4 4
2013 Nonqualified Defined Contribution and Other Deferred Compensation Plans ................ 4 4
Employment Agreements and Other Factors Affecting 2013 Compensation ..................... 4 5
2013 Payments upon Termination ...................................................... 5 1
i
Page
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION .............. 5 2
NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION ......................................... 5 2
Director Compensation Table ......................................................... 5 3
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ............................................... 5 4
AUDIT MATTERS ..................................................................... 5 4
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT ......................................................... 5 4
ITEM 3—RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2014 .............. 5 5
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
FEES AND SERVICES .............................................................. 5 5
OTHER PROPOSALS FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION ........................................ 5 6
ITEM 4—PROPOSAL TO AMEND OUR AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION TO CHANGE OUR NAME FROM “INTERCONTINENTALEXCHANGE
GROUP, INC.” TO “INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC.” ........................... 5 6
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ........................................................... 5 7
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT ........ 5 7
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS ............................. 5 9
SECTION 16(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP
REPORTING COMPLIANCE ......................................................... 6 0
VOTING INSTRUCTIONS AND FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ........................ 6 0
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE .................................................... 6 7
STOCKHOLDERS’ PROPOSALS FOR 2015 ANNUAL MEETING ............................ 6 8
OTHER MATTERS THAT MAY COME BEFORE THE ANNUAL MEETING ................... 6 9
EXHIBIT A—FORM OF AMENDMENT OF OUR AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION ................................................................... A - 1
EXHIBIT B—CERTAIN DEFINITIONS RELATED TO OUR OWNERSHIP AND VOTING
LIMITATIONS ....................................................................... B - 1
ii
INTRODUCTION
This Proxy Statement is furnished to the stockholders of IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc. in connection
with the solicitation of proxies by our Board of Directors to be voted at the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
and at any adjournments thereof (the “Annual Meeting”). The Annual Meeting will be held at the St. Regis
Atlanta, Eighty-Eight West Paces Ferry Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30305 on Friday, May 16, 2014 at 8:30 a.m.,
local time. The approximate date on which this Proxy Statement and form of proxy card are first being sent or
given to stockholders is March 31, 2014.
On November 13, 2013, we completed our acquisition of NYSE Euronext. As a result,
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. and NYSE Euronext became direct wholly owned subsidiaries of
IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc. (the “NYSE Euronext Acquisition”). When used in this Proxy Statement,
the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “IntercontinentalExchange Group,” and “ICE” refer to, prior to the NYSE Euronext
Acquisition, IntercontinentalExchange, Inc., and, following the completion of the NYSE Euronext Acquisition,
IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
This summary highlights certain information contained elsewhere in our Proxy Statement. You should read
our entire Proxy Statement carefully before casting your vote.
Matters to be Voted on at our Annual Meeting
Board
Recommendation Vote Required
For more
detail, see page:
1. Election of Directors FOR each director Majority of
votes cast 4
2. Advisory Resolution to Approve Executive
Compensation
FOR Majority of
votes cast 20
3. Ratification of Ernst & Young LLP as our
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
FOR Majority of
votes cast 55
4. Amend Our Certificate of Incorporation to Change
Our Name
FOR Majority of shares
entitled to vote* 56
* Abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as voting “AGAINST” the proposal.
Record Date for Voting and Shares Outstanding
We had 115,094,956 shares of our common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the “Common Stock”),
outstanding as of March 18, 2014, the record date for determining holders of our Common Stock entitled to vote
at the Annual Meeting.
Corporate Governance Developments and Highlights
All of our current directors are nominated for re-election to serve for a one-year term expiring at the next
annual meeting of stockholders. Our Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of our Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee, has determined that thirteen of our fourteen director nominees are
independent under NYSE listing standards and the governance guidelines and independence policy adopted by
our Board of Directors.
Our Board of Directors continues to be led by Mr. Jeffrey C. Sprecher, who serves as Chairman of our
Board of Directors, and Mr. Frederic V. Salerno, who has again been elected as lead independent director for
2014. Mr. Salerno has served as the lead independent director of our Board of Directors since 2008. As lead
independent director, Mr. Salerno presides at all executive sessions of the non-management directors.
1
During the past year, there have been several important developments regarding the composition of our
Board of Directors and the way our Board of Directors identifies and oversees risks related to our business
operations.
• In connection with NYSE Euronext Acquisition, we expanded the size of our Board of Directors from
eleven members to fifteen and appointed Messrs. Sylvain Hefes, Jan-Michiel Hessels, James J. McNulty
and Robert G. Scott to our Board of Directors.
• On October 4, 2013, Senator Judd A. Gregg retired from our Board of Directors to pursue other business
interests. Senator Gregg had served as a member of our Board of Directors since May 2011.
O As a result of Senator Gregg’s retirement, our Board of Directors currently has a vacancy. The Board
of Directors has not nominated a candidate for consideration at the Annual Meeting to fill this
vacancy. The Board of Directors believes that the 14 director nominees collectively have the skills
and experience to effectively oversee and guide our business.
• During its meeting on December 13, 2013, our Board of Directors formed the Risk Committee and
appointed Mr. Fred W. Hatfield, Dr. Terrence F. Martell and Sir Callum McCarthy as committee
members.
O The Risk Committee will be responsible for, among other things, assisting our Board of Directors in
its oversight of management’s responsibilities in identifying risks inherent in our business, strategy,
capital structure and operating plans, and developing processes and policies for monitoring these
risks.
O The Risk Committee will also be responsible for assisting our Board of Directors and the Audit
Committee in overseeing risk management processes within our business.
Highlights of Our 2013 Performance
ICE continued to deliver positive operating results in 2013 as evidenced by the following 2013 performance
highlights (financial comparisons include NYSE Euronext results from November 13, 2013, the date ICE
completed the NYSE Euronext Acquisition):
• Eighth consecutive year of record revenue and adjusted earnings;
• Consolidated revenues, less transaction-based expenses, increased 23% to $1.67 billion;
• Three-year Total Shareholder Return in excess of 88% (stock price increase from $119.15 on
December 31, 2010 to $224.92 on December 31, 2013, plus dividend); and
• Strategic acquisitions expanded our geographic footprint, broadened markets in financial products and
strengthened existing asset classes globally.
Compensation Developments and Highlights
Our named executive officers, or NEOs, for 2013 were Jeffrey C. Sprecher, Chairman of our Board of
Directors and our Chief Executive Officer, Charles A. Vice, our President and Chief Operating Officer, Scott A.
Hill, our Chief Financial Officer, Paul Swann, President and Managing Director of our subsidiary ICE Clear
Europe, and Duncan Niederauer, our President and the Chief Executive Officer of our subsidiary NYSE Group,
Inc. We continue to maintain a well-balanced and performance-based executive compensation program,
including:
• More than 80% of NEO targeted compensation delivered through variable compensation programs;
• More than 50% of NEO targeted compensation delivered through equity compensation programs;
2
• Annual cash bonus opportunity and performance-based restricted share units capped at 200% of the
established target opportunity;
• Competitive stock ownership requirements;
• A compensation clawback policy;
• Anti-hedging and anti-pledging policy requirements;
• Change in Control protection requires a “double-trigger” (i.e., there must be a Change in Control and the
executive’s employment is terminated) for payment (including equity awards) to be provided; and
• No Internal Revenue Code Section 280G “golden parachute” excise tax gross-up provisions in
employment agreements with our NEOs.
In January 2013, equity awards were once again granted to NEOs in the form of stock options and
performance-based restricted stock units. With the exception of an increase in targeted award level to Mr. Swann,
2013 target award levels remained consistent with 2012 levels. In November 2013, upon the NYSE Euronext
Acquisition and after reviewing peer information, as well as company and individual performance, base salary
levels for Messrs. Hill and Swann were increased. Additionally, in November 2013, a one-time merger-related
performance-based restricted stock unit award grant was made to Messrs. Sprecher, Vice, Hill and Swann. As
detailed below, this one-time merger related performance-based restricted stock unit award is subject to a
minimum EBITDA
* threshold and is based on achievement of committed deal related synergies during a 3-year
performance period. Shares earned, if any, will vest in full in February 2017. If the performance criteria are not
achieved, the shares from this award will be forfeited. In February 2014, annual bonuses for 2013 performance
for NEOs were paid at 94% of target for Messrs. Sprecher, Vice, Hill and Swann, and 100% of target for
Mr. Niederauer. Additionally, in February 2014, performance achievement for the performance-based restricted
stock units granted in January 2013 was calculated at below target levels due to 2013 EBITDA growth falling
short of our pre-established goals and payout percentages were adjusted to approximately 77% of target. Each of
these items is discussed in more detail in Compensation Matters — Compensation Discussion & Analysis .
We believe that our mix of cash/non-cash and short-term/long-term incentives provides an appropriate
balance between our longer-term business objectives and shorter-term retention and competitive needs. We also
believe that providing the majority of our NEOs’ compensation in the form of long-term equity awards, when
combined with our clawback policy and stock ownership requirements, both of which are described below, has
the additional benefit of mitigating incentives to take inappropriate risks.
You should review Compensation Matters — Compensation Discussion & Analysis and Compensation
Matters — Executive Compensation below and the compensation-related tables for a complete understanding of
our compensation program, including a detailed review of the philosophy, process, considerations, and analysis
involved in the determination of executive compensation granted or paid to our NEOs in 2013, excluding
Mr. Niederauer. Mr. Niederauer’s compensation for 2013 is described separately, as it was governed by his
employment agreement with NYSE Euronext (which was assumed in the NYSE Euronext Acquisition), and, for
the portion of 2013 prior to NYSE Euronext Acquisition, provided under NYSE Euronext compensation
programs.
* EBITDA is earnings before interest and other non-operating income and expense, taxes, depreciation and
amortization, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, and serves as a performance target for ICE. For
information on the calculation of EBITDA, please see Compensation Matters — Compensation Discussion &
Analysis — Elements of Compensation below.
3
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
ITEM 1 — ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Board of Directors
Under our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws, our
Board of Directors sets the number of directors who may serve on the Board of Directors through resolutions
adopted by at least 75% of the directors then in office. The size of our Board of Directors is currently set at 15
directors and presently consists of 14 directors, with one seat left vacant. All of our current directors are
nominated for re-election and all of our directors are elected annually for a one-year term expiring at the next
annual meeting of stockholders. Each director will hold office until his or her successor is duly elected and
qualified or until the director’s earlier resignation or removal.
All of our directors are elected by majority vote in an uncontested election. A director who fails to receive a
majority of “for” votes cast by stockholders entitled to vote will be required to tender his or her resignation to our
Board of Directors. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will then act on an expedited basis to
determine whether to accept the director’s resignation and will submit such recommendation for prompt
consideration by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors expects the director whose resignation is under
consideration to abstain from participating in any decision regarding that resignation. Our Board of Directors and
our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may consider any factors they deem relevant in deciding
whether to accept a director’s resignation.
Nominees for Election as Directors at the 2014 Annual Meeting
On the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, our Board of Directors
has nominated the persons named below for election as directors at the Annual Meeting, each to serve for a one-
year term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders in 2015. All of the nominees currently are
members of the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of our Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee, has determined that each of our non-employee directors is independent in
accordance with the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange LLC (“NYSE”) and our Board of
Directors Governance Guidelines as described below under Corporate Governance — Structure and Role of Our
Board — Independent Non-Employee Directors .
Each of the nominees has confirmed that he or she expects to be able to continue to serve as a director until
the end of his or her term. If, however, at the time of the Annual Meeting, any of the nominees named below is
not available to serve as a director (an event which the Board of Directors does not anticipate), all the proxies
granted to vote in favor of such director’s election will be voted for the election of such other person or persons,
if any, recommended by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and approved by the Board of
Directors. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of directors than the 14 nominees named in this Proxy
Statement. For a discussion of our policy regarding qualification and nomination of director candidates, see
Corporate Governance — Structure and Role of Our Board — Nomination of Directors below.
4
Set forth below are the nominees’ names, biographical information, age, summary of qualifications and the year
in which each director joined our Board of Directors:
Name Biographical Information Age
Director
Since
Charles R. Crisp ........... M r . Crisp is the retired President and Chief Executive Officer
of Coral Energy, a Shell Oil affiliate responsible for wholesale
gas and power activities. He served in this position from 1999
until his retirement in October 2000, and was President and
Chief Operating Officer from January 1998 through February
1999. Prior to that, he served as President of the power
generation group of Houston Industries, he served as President
and Chief Operating Officer of Tejas Gas Corporation from
1988 to 1996, he served as a Vice President, Executive Vice
President and President at Houston Pipeline Co. from 1985 to
1988, he served as Executive Vice President of Perry Gas Co.
Inc. from 1982 to 1985 and he was with Conoco, Inc., where he
held various positions in engineering, operations and
management from 1969 to 1982. Mr. Crisp serves on the Board
of Directors of ICE Futures U.S. and ICE Trade Vault, LLC,
our subsidiaries. In addition, he serves as a director of EOG
Resources, Inc., AGL Resources, Inc. and Targa Resources,
Corp. He holds a B.S. degree in Chemical Engineering from
Texas Tech University and completed the Program for
Management Development at Harvard Graduate School of
Business. In light of Mr. Crisp’s broad knowledge of the energy
markets and related businesses, his service on the boards of
other public companies and the experience he has gained and
contributions he has made during his tenure as a director of
ICE, our Board, based upon the recommendation of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, has
determined that Mr. Crisp should be re-elected to our Board.
66 2002
Jean-Marc Forneri ......... M r . Forneri is founder and senior partner of Bucephale Finance,
a boutique M&A firm specializing in large transactions for
French corporations, foreign investors and private equity firms.
For the seven years prior to Bucephale’s founding, he headed
the investment banking business of Credit Suisse First Boston
in Paris. He was Managing Director and Head of Credit Suisse
First Boston France S.A., and Vice Chairman, Europe. Prior to
that, he was a Partner of Demachy Worms & Cie Finance from
1994 to 1996, where he was in charge of investment banking
activities of Group Worms. Mr. Forneri serves on the
supervisory board of Euronext N.V., our subsidiary. He is also a
director of Safran SA and Balmain SA, and is a member of the
Supervisory Board of Grand Port Maritime de Marseille. He
holds a B.S. in Political Science from the Ecole Nationale
d’Adminstration. In light of his extensive financial services
background, merger and acquisition experience and
international business experience, as well as the contributions
he has made during his tenure as a director of ICE, our Board,
based upon the recommendation of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee, has determined that
Mr. Forneri should be re-elected to our Board.
54 2002
5
Name Biographical Information Age
Director
Since
Fred W. Hatfield ........... M r . Hatfield is the founder of Hatfield Advisory Services and
Senior Advisor at Patomak Global Partners. Mr. Hatfield serves
on the Board of Directors of ICE Futures U.S., where he serves
as Chairman of the Board, the Board of Directors of NYSE
Regulation Inc. and ICE Swap Trade, LLC and also serves on
the Board of Managers of ICE Clear Credit, all of which are our
subsidiaries. He served as a member of the Obama Economic
Policy Advisory Committee and prior to that, Mr. Hatfield
served as a Public Policy Advisor at Patton Boggs, LLP from
2006 to 2007 and he was a Commissioner at the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission from 2004 to 2006. Mr. Hatfield
served as Chief of Staff to former Senator John Breaux (D-LA)
from 1995 to 2004 and former House Majority Whip Tony
Coelho (D-CA) from 1980 to 1989. He has over twenty years
experience in the areas of energy, private equity/venture capital/
hedge funds, and financial services and products. Mr. Hatfield
served as Deputy Commissioner General of the U.S. Pavilion at
the World’s Fair in Lisbon, Portugal in 1998. He has a B.A.
degree from California State University. In light of
Mr. Hatfield’s extensive regulatory and legislative background
and his experience in the sectors mentioned above, his service
on the boards of our subsidiaries and the knowledge and
experience he has gained and contributions he has made during
his tenure as a director of ICE, our Board, based upon the
recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee, has determined that Mr. Hatfield should be re-
elected to our Board.
59 2007
Sylvain Hefes ............. M r . Hefes served as a director of NYSE Euronext from April
2007 until its acquisition by ICE in 2013 at which time he
joined our Board. He joined NM Rothschild & Sons Ltd.
(United Kingdom) in 2005 where he serves as senior advisor.
Prior to this time, Mr. Hefes was head of European Wealth
Management at The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (United
States), where he became a partner in 1992 and served as head
of the firm’s Paris office and eventually all of the firm’s private
banking business in Europe. Mr. Hefes currently serves as a
member of the supervisory board of Paris Orléans (France), and
as a director of Rothschild Continuation Holdings AG
(Switzerland). In light of Mr. Hefes’ senior leadership roles at
major banking and financial services organizations throughout
Europe, his international perspective and his diverse
professional and managerial experience as a senior partner,
chairman and director of a number of major organizations, our
Board, based upon the recommendation of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee, has determined that
Mr. Hefes should be re-elected to our Board.
61 2013
6
Name Biographical Information Age
Director
Since
Jan-Michiel Hessels ........ M r .H essels served as chairman of the board of NYSE Euronext
since the merger of Euronext and NYSE Group in 2007. Before
that, he was Chairman of the supervisory board of Euronext N.V.
and of the Amsterdam Exchange since its creation in 1997 until
2000. He was the Chief Executive Officer of Royal Vendex KBB
from 1990 to 2000. Mr. Hessels was a member of the supervisory
board of Fortis N.V. (the Netherlands/Belgium) from 2001 to
February 2009, Heineken N.V. from 2001 to 2012 and SC
Johnson Inc. from 2010 to 2013 and chairman of the board of
Royal Philips Electronics N.V. (the Netherlands) from 2008 to
2011. In August 2011, Mr. Hessels was appointed as chairman of
the supervisory board of Royal Boskalis Westminster N.V. (the
Netherlands). He serves on the supervisory boards of Euronext
N.V. and Euronext Amsterdam N.V., our subsidiaries. In
addition, he chairs the board of the Netherlands Committee for
Economic Policy Analysis and serves as a special advisor to
General Atlantic. In light of Mr. Hessels’ significant experience
as a leader of NYSE Euronext and its predecessor, diverse
professional experience as a chairman and director of a number
of international public corporations, managerial experience as a
chief executive officer, considerable international business
experience and accomplishments in the fields of finance and
economics, our Board, based upon the recommendation of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, has
determined that Mr. Hessels should be re-elected to our Board.
71 2013
Terrence F. Martell, Ph.D . . . Dr. Martell is the Director of the Weissman Center for
International Business at Baruch College/CUNY, where he is also
the Saxe Distinguished Professor of Finance. As Director of the
Weissman Center for International Business, Dr. Martell oversees
a myriad of international programs and projects. His particular area
of expertise is international commodity markets and he teaches and
conducts research in this area. Dr. Martell is also a Director and
Member of the Audit Committee for VVC Exploration
Corporation. Dr. Martell also serves as the Vice Chairman of the
Board of Directors of ICE Futures U.S. and the Chairman of the
Board of Directors of ICE Clear U.S., and serves on the Board of
Managers of ICE Clear Credit, all of which are our subsidiaries.
Prior to joining Baruch College in 1988, Dr. Martell was Senior
Vice President of the Commodity Exchange, Inc. in New York
City. Dr. Martell is currently a board member of the Manhattan
Chamber of Commerce and is a member of the Executive
Committee of the Chamber. Dr. Martell also is a member of the
New York City District Export Council of the U.S. Department of
Commerce. He has a B.A. in Economics from Iona College and a
PhD in Finance from Pennsylvania State University. In light of
Dr. Martell’s extensive knowledge of trading markets and his
experience in the sectors mentioned above, his service on the
boards of our subsidiaries and the knowledge and experience he
has gained and contributions he has made during his tenure as a
director of ICE, our Board, based upon the recommendation of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, has
determined that Dr. Martell should be re-elected to our Board.
68 2007
7
Name Biographical Information Age
Director
Since
Sir Callum McCarthy ....... S i rC a l l u mM c C a r t h yi st h ef o r m e rC h airman of the United
Kingdom Financial Services Authority (the “FSA”), a role he held
from September 2003 until September 2008. Before his post at the
FSA, he was Chairman and Chief Executive of Ofgem, the
economic regulator of the gas and electricity industries in the
United Kingdom, from 1998 to 2003. Prior to Ofgem, he held
numerous senior level positions in the financial services industry
from 1985 to 1998, including Barclays Bank (North America and
Japan), Barclays de Zoete Wedd (BZW) and Kleinwort Benson.
He also held various posts in the United Kingdom Department of
Trade and Industry from 1972 to 1985. He also serves on the
Boards of Directors of LIFFE Administration and Management,
ICE Futures Europe and ICE Trade Vault Europe Limited, all of
which are our subsidiaries. He joined the Board of Directors of a
United Kingdom bank, One Savings Bank, in February 2011. In
December 2009, he joined the Board of Directors of Industrial &
Commercial Bank of China and in January 2011, he was appointed
Chairman of Castle Trust Capital. He is a Trustee of the IFRS
Foundation and a Trustee of the University of Oxford Saïd
Business School. He holds a Master of Science from the Stanford
University Graduate School of Business, where he was a Sloan
fellow, a Master of Arts in History from Merton College at Oxford
University and a Doctorate in Economics from Stirling University.
In light of Sir Callum McCarthy’s extensive regulatory
background, his service on the boards of our subsidiaries, and his
international experience in the financial services sector, our Board,
based upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee, has determined that he should be re-
elected to our Board.
70 2009
James J. McNulty .......... M r .M c N u l t ys e r v e da sad i r e c t o ro fN Y S EE u r o n e x ta n di t s
predecessors from December 2005 until its acquisition by ICE at
which time he joined our Board. Mr. McNulty retired from the
Chicago Mercantile Exchange where he served as President and
Chief Executive Officer from February 2000 to December 2003
and of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Holdings Inc. from August
2001 to December 2003. He also served on both entities’ Boards of
Directors during that period. Prior to joining the Chicago
Mercantile Exchange, he served as managing director and co-head
of the Corporate Analysis and Structuring Team in the Corporate
Finance Division at Warburg Dillon Read, an investment banking
firm now known as UBS Warburg and as General Partner with
O’Connor & Associates. Mr. McNulty served as the senior
independent director of ICAP plc until his retirement in September
2010. He currently serves on the advisory board of Marvin &
Palmer Associates. In light of Mr. McNulty’s significant
experience as a leader of NYSE Euronext and its predecessor
organizations as well as his leadership roles with other
organizations that operate exchanges, his managerial experience as
a chief executive officer and a director and his extensive
experience as an investment banker with a global financial services
firm, our Board, based on the recommendation of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee, has determined
Mr. McNulty should be re-elected to our Board.
62 2013
8
Name Biographical Information Age
Director
Since
Sir Robert Reid ............ S i r Robert Reid was the Deputy Governor of the Halifax Bank
of Scotland from 1997 until 2004. He has served as the
Chairman of the boards of directors of ICE Futures Europe
since 1999 and ICE Clear Europe since 2008, each of which is
our subsidiary. He spent much of his career at Shell
International Petroleum Company Limited, and served as
Chairman and Chief Executive of Shell U.K. Limited from
1985 until 1990. He has served on the boards of directors of
Benalla Limited since 2004, Diligenta Limited since 2005,
Jubilant Energy NV since 2007 and EEA Helicopter Operations
B.V. since 2008. In light of his broad knowledge of, and
extensive experience in, the energy markets and related
international businesses, his service on the boards of our
subsidiary companies and other companies and the knowledge
and experience he has gained and contributions he has made
during his tenure as a director of ICE, our Board, based upon
the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee, has determined that Sir Robert Reid
should be re-elected to our Board.
79 2001
Frederic V. Salerno ........ M r . Salerno is the former Vice Chairman of Verizon
Communications, Inc. Before the merger of Bell Atlantic and
GTE, Mr. Salerno was Senior Executive Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and served in the Office of the Chairman of
Bell Atlantic from 1997 to 2001. Prior to joining Bell Atlantic,
he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
Officer of New England Telephone from 1985 to 1987,
President and Chief Executive Officer of New York Telephone
from 1987 to 1991 and Vice Chairman — Finance and Business
Development at NYNEX from 1991 to 1997. Since 2013,
Mr. Salerno serves on the boards of multiple NYSE Euronext
U.S. regulated subsidiaries, all of which are our subsidiaries. He
served on the boards of directors of National Fuel Gas
Company from 2008 to 2013 and Popular, Inc. from 2003 to
2011. He has served on the boards of directors of Viacom, Inc.
since 1996, Akamai Technologies, Inc. since 2002 and CBS
Corporation since 2007. He has a B.S. in Engineering from
Manhattan College and an MBA from Adelphi University. In
light of Mr. Salerno’s broad knowledge of financial markets
and his business acumen, his service on the Board of our
subsidiaries, and other public companies, and the knowledge
and experience he has gained and contributions he has made
during his tenure as a director of ICE, our Board, based upon
the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee, has determined that Mr. Salerno
should be re-elected to our Board.
70 2002
9
Name Biographical Information Age
Director
Since
Robert G. Scott ............ M r . Scott has served as a director of NYSE Euronext from
February 2010 until its acquisition by ICE at which time he
joined our Board. Mr. Scott was President, Chief Operating
Officer and a director of Morgan Stanley until December 2003
and continues as an advisory director of the company. Mr. Scott
was named Chief Financial Officer of Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter at the time of the merger between Morgan Stanley and
Dean Witter and became President and Chief Operating Officer
in 2001. Mr. Scott joined Morgan Stanley in 1970 and became a
managing director in 1979. Prior to the merger, Mr. Scott held a
number of positions with worldwide responsibility, including
director of investment banking from 1994 to 1996, director of
corporate finance from 1992 to 1994 and director of capital
market services from 1985 to 1992. Mr. Scott is a trustee of
Williams College and a former member of the advisory council
of the Stanford University Graduate School of Business.
Mr. Scott is currently non-executive Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Genpact, a publicly traded business process
outsourcing company located in India, and a member of the
board of trustees of New York Presbyterian Hospital. Mr. Scott
is a trustee of the Naples Children and Educational Foundation.
Mr. Scott also serves on the boards of multiple NYSE Euronext
U.S. regulated subsidiaries, all of which are our subsidiaries. In
light of Mr. Scott’s diverse professional experience as a
president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer of a
global financial services firm, his leadership roles as a director
of one of NYSE Euronext’s predecessor organizations and as a
director of a major international public company, his
distinguished contributions to academia and his dedication to
public service, our Board, based upon the recommendation of
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, has
determined that Mr. Scott should be re-elected to our Board.
68 2013
Jeffrey C. Sprecher ......... M r .S p r e c h e rh a sb e e nad i r e c t o ra n do u rC h i e fE x e c u t i v eOfficer
since our inception and has served as Chairman of our Board of
Directors since November 2002. As our Chief Executive Officer,
he is responsible for our strategic direction, operational and
financial performance. Mr. Sprecher acquired CPEX, our
predecessor company, in 1997. Prior to acquiring CPEX,
Mr. Sprecher held a number of positions, including President,
over a fourteen-year period with Western Power Group, Inc., a
developer, owner and operator of large central-station power
plants. While with Western Power, he was responsible for a
number of significant financings. He is a member of the Energy
Security Leadership Council. Mr. Sprecher holds a B.S. degree in
Chemical Engineering from the University of Wisconsin and an
MBA from Pepperdine University. In light of Mr. Sprecher’s in-
depth knowledge of global markets, his guidance of ICE as Chief
Executive Officer since he founded the company, and his
successful execution of key strategic initiatives to grow the
company, our Board, based upon the recommendation of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, has
determined that Mr. Sprecher should be re-elected to our Board.
59 2001
10
Name Biographical Information Age
Director
Since
Judith A. Sprieser .......... M s . Sprieser was the Chief Executive Officer of Transora, Inc.,
a technology software and services company until March 2005.
Prior to founding Transora in 2000, she was Executive Vice
President of Sara Lee Corporation, having previously served as
Sara Lee’s Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Sprieser also serves on
the Board of Managers of ICE Clear Credit, our subsidiary.
Ms. Sprieser has been a member of the boards of directors of
Allstate Insurance Company since 1999, Reckitt Benckiser, plc
since 2003, Royal Ahold N.V. since 2006 (she was named as
Vice Chairperson in 2014) and Experian plc since 2010.
Ms. Sprieser is a member of the National Association of
Corporate Directors Committee for Audit Committee Chairs.
She has a B.A. degree and an MBA from Northwestern
University. In light of her financial expertise and her business
acumen, and her service as a director for other public
companies and the knowledge and experience she has gained
and contributions she has made during her tenure as a director
of ICE, our Board, based upon the recommendation of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, has
determined that Ms. Sprieser should be re-elected to our Board.
60 2004
Vincent Tese ............ M r .T e s ec u r r e n t l ys e r v e sa sC h a irman of Bond Street Holdings,
LLC and Chairman of Florida Community Bank. Since 2009,
Mr. Tese also serves as Chairman of the Board of ICE Clear
Credit and since 2013, serves on the boards of multiple NYSE
Euronext U.S. regulated subsidiaries, all of which are our
subsidiaries. Previously, he served as New York State
Superintendent of Banks from 1983 to 1985, Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of the New York Urban Development
Corporation from 1985 to 1994, Director of Economic
Development for New York State from 1987 to 1994, and
Commissioner and Vice Chairman of the Port Authority of
New York and New Jersey from 1991 to 1995. He also served as
a Partner in the law firm of Tese & Tese from 1973 to 1977. He
was a Partner in the Sinclair Group, a commodities company,
from 1977 to 1982 and was co-founder of Cross Country Cable
TV. Mr. Tese served as a member of the Board of Directors of
Wireless Cable International, Inc. from 1995 to 2011 and
currently serves as a member of the boards of directors of Bond
Street Holdings, LLC, Cablevision Systems Corporation,
Madison Square Garden, Inc. and Mack-Cali Realty Corporation
and serves as a trustee of New York University School of Law
and New York Presbyterian Hospital. He has a B.A. degree in
accounting from Pace University, a J.D. degree from Brooklyn
Law School and an LLM degree in taxation from New York
University School of Law. In light of Mr. Tese’s broad
knowledge of trading and financial markets, his legal and
business acumen, as well as his board service for our subsidiaries
and other public companies, and the knowledge and experience
he has gained and contributions he has made during his tenure as
a director, our Board, based upon the recommendation of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, has
determined that Mr. Tese should be re-elected to our Board.
71 2004
11
Based on the foregoing qualifications, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes that
the 14 director nominees collectively have the skills and experience to effectively oversee and guide our
business. Each nominee has the integrity, business judgment, collegiality and commitment that are among the
essential characteristics for membership on our Board of Directors. They also bring highly developed skills in,
among other areas, finance, investing, accounting, financial market regulation, public policy, business operations,
organizational management and leadership. In addition, members of our Board have had a great diversity of
experiences and bring to our Board a wide variety of views that strengthen their ability to guide ICE. They have
had extensive involvement in international business and deep professional experience across a broad range of
industries and in the energy and derivatives markets in particular. Most have lengthy direct experience in the
oversight of public companies through their service on our Board and those of other public companies, as well as
their current and past senior executive positions.
Directors’ Recommendation
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE “FOR”
THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE NOMINEES LISTED ABOVE TO THE BOARD.
STRUCTURE AND ROLE OF OUR BOARD
Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors conducts its business through meetings of the full Board of Directors and through
committees of the Board of Directors, consisting of an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and a Risk Committee. The current members of the
committees are identified in the table below:
Director
Audit
Committee
Compensation
Committee
Nominating and
Corporate Governance
Committee
Risk
Committee
Charles R. Crisp ............................. X X
Jean-Marc Forneri ........................... X
Fred W. Hatfield ............................ X X
Sylvain Hefes ...............................
Jan-Michiel Hessels ..........................
Terrence F. Martell, Ph.D ..................... X X ( Chair)
Sir Callum McCarthy ......................... X X
James J. McNulty ............................
Sir Robert Reid ............................. X X
Frederic V. Salerno .......................... X ( Chair)
Robert G. Scott .............................
Jeffrey C. Sprecher ..........................
Judith A. Sprieser ............................ X ( Chair) X
Vincent Tese ............................... X ( Chair)
In 2013, our Board of Directors held ten meetings, the Audit Committee held seven meetings, the
Compensation Committee held seven meetings and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held
four meetings. During its meeting on December 13, 2014, the Board of Directors formed the Risk Committee and
appointed Mr. Hatfield, Dr. Martell and Sir Callum McCarthy as committee members. The Risk Committee held
its first meeting in February 2014. In addition, our non-management directors met periodically in executive
session without management participation, as required by NYSE listing standards. Mr. Salerno has been
appointed by the Board of Directors as the non-management lead independent director presiding at these
meetings. On October 4, 2013, Senator Judd A. Gregg retired from the Board of Directors to pursue other
business interests. On November 13, 2013, in connection with the NYSE Euronext Acquisition, Sylvan Hefes,
Jan-Michiel Hessels, James J. McNulty and Robert G. Scott joined the Board of Directors. There is currently one
vacancy on the Board of Directors, which the Board may, in its discretion, fill in the future.
12
As a matter of Board policy, it is expected that each director will be available to attend substantially all of
the meetings of the Board of Directors and any committees on which the director serves. Each director attended
at least 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board of Directors and meetings of the committees of
which he or she is a member. As a matter of policy, it is expected that each director and nominee will attend
annual meetings of stockholders. We currently expect that all of our directors and nominees will attend the
Annual Meeting this year. All members of our Board of Directors who were directors at the time of last year’s
meeting attended last year’s annual meeting.
Each year, the members of the Board of Directors and each committee conduct a confidential oral
assessment of their performance with a member of our legal department. The results of the oral assessment are
then summarized and communicated back to the appropriate committee chairpersons and members of the Board
of Directors. As part of the evaluation process, each committee reviews its charter.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is comprised solely of directors who meet the independence requirements of the
NYSE and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and are financially literate,
as required by NYSE rules. At least one member of the Audit Committee qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert, as defined by the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
The Audit Committee has been established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. The
Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to:
• the quality and integrity of our financial statements;
• our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
• our system of internal controls regarding finance, accounting and legal compliance;
• the independence, qualification and performance of our independent auditors;
• the performance of our internal audit function; and
• our auditing, accounting and financial reporting processes.
The Audit Committee is governed by a written Audit Committee Charter, which has been approved by our
Board of Directors. The charter is available on our website at www.theice.com. We will also provide a printed
copy of the charter to stockholders upon request.
The current members of the Audit Committee are Ms. Sprieser (Chairperson), Mr. Crisp and Dr. Martell.
The Board of Directors has determined that Ms. Sprieser and Dr. Martell are both Audit Committee financial
experts.
Compensation Committee
The Compensation Committee is comprised solely of directors who meet NYSE independence
requirements, meet the requirements for a “Non-employee Director” under the Exchange Act, and meet the
requirements for an “outside director” under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the “Code”). The Compensation Committee:
• reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our executive
officers, including our Chief Executive Officer;
• evaluates our Chief Executive Officer’s performance and sets his compensation based on this evaluation;
• approves, in consultation with our Chief Executive Officer, the compensation of our officers who are
appointed by our Board of Directors;
13
• reviews and approves option grants, bonus payments and stock awards to our officers;
• exercises general oversight of our benefit plans and evaluates any proposed new retirement or benefit
plans; and
• reviews and approves severance or similar termination payments to former officers.
The Compensation Committee is governed by a written Compensation Committee Charter approved by our
Board of Directors. The charter is available on our website at www.theice.com. We will also provide a printed
copy of the charter to stockholders upon request.
The current members of the Compensation Committee are Mr. Tese (Chairperson), Mr. Crisp, Sir Callum
McCarthy and Sir Robert Reid.
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is comprised solely of directors who meet NYSE
independence requirements. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists the Board of
Directors in:
• identifying and attracting highly qualified individuals to serve as directors and establishing criteria for
selecting new board members;
• evaluating and recommending director nominees for the next annual meeting of stockholders;
• developing and maintaining a set of corporate governance guidelines;
• reviewing and approving any related-party transactions;
• devising a code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers and employees; and
• monitoring the Board of Directors’ independence.
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is governed by a written Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee Charter approved by our Board of Directors. The charter is available on our website at
www.theice.com. We will also provide a printed copy of the charter to stockholders upon request.
The current members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are Mr. Salerno
(Chairperson), Ms. Sprieser and Messrs. Hatfield, Forneri and Sir Robert Reid.
Risk Committee
The Risk Committee, which held its first meeting in February 2014, is comprised solely of directors who
meet NYSE independence requirements. The Risk Committee assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its
oversight of management’s responsibility for ICE’s risk structure and governance in:
• identifying risks inherent in ICE’s business, strategy, capital structure, and operating plans;
• developing processes, guidelines, policies and reports for monitoring risks; and
• organizing and performing ICE’s enterprise risk management function.
In addition, the Risk Committee assists the Audit Committee in fulfilling its responsibility to assist the
Board of Directors in the oversight of risk assessment and risk management processes.
The Risk Committee is governed by a written Risk Committee Charter approved by our Board of Directors.
The charter is available on our website at www.theice.com. We will also provide a printed copy of the charter to
stockholders upon request.
14
The current members of the Risk Committee are Dr. Martell (Chairperson), Sir Callum McCarthy and
Mr. Hatfield.
Independent Non-Employee Directors
The IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc. Board of Directors Governance Guidelines (the “Governance
Guidelines”) were adopted by our Board of Directors. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws and Governance
Guidelines, which are described below, provide that a majority of our directors must be “independent directors”
and specify independence standards consistent with NYSE listing standards. Assuming the election of the
nominees to the Board of Directors, all of our directors holding office, with the exception of Mr. Sprecher, will
be independent directors. Our Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee, has determined that each non-management director and nominee is independent in
accordance with NYSE listing standards, our Amended and Restated Bylaws, our Independence Policy of the
Board of Directors of IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc. (the “Independence Policy”) and our Governance
Guidelines, and does not have any relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in
carrying out their responsibilities as directors.
In making its independence determinations, our Board of Directors and the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee considered transactions, if any, between each non-employee director and ICE and
determined that there are no transactions that give rise to any independence issues.
Requirements for Directors
Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that no person who is subject to any
statutory disqualification (as defined in Section 3(a)(39) of the Exchange Act) or who has been determined by
any European regulator specified in our Amended and Restated Bylaws to be in violation of specified laws or
regulations requiring such person to act fairly, honestly and professionally may be permitted to serve as a director
on our Board of Directors.
Nomination of Directors
Our Board of Directors is responsible for approving candidates for board membership and has delegated the
screening and recruitment process to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. In furtherance of
this process, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Board of Directors has adopted the
Independence and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter. The Independence Policy and
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter do not set specific, minimum qualifications that
nominees must meet, but rather specify that each nominee should be evaluated on his or her individual merit
taking into account the factors described below.
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee seeks to create a Board of Directors that consists of
a diverse group of qualified individuals that function effectively as a group. Qualified candidates for director are
those who, in the judgment of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, possess strong personal
attributes and relevant business experience to assure effective service on our Board of Directors. Personal
attributes considered by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee when evaluating a board
candidate include leadership, integrity, ethics, contributing nature, independence, interpersonal skills and
effectiveness. Experience and qualifications considered by the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee when evaluating a board candidate include financial acumen, general business experience, industry
knowledge, diversity of viewpoints, special business experience and expertise in an area relevant to ICE. When
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews a potential new candidate, the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee looks specifically at the candidate’s qualifications in light of the needs of our
Board of Directors and ICE at that time given the then current make-up of our Board of Directors.
We believe that ICE benefits from having directors with a diversity of viewpoints, backgrounds,
experiences, skill sets and other demographics. As noted above, one of the factors that the Nominating and
15
Corporate Governance Committee considers in identifying and evaluating a potential nominee is the extent to
which the nominee would add to the diversity of our Board, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee assesses the composition of our Board and how a nominee would enhance that diversity.
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee uses a variety of methods to identify and evaluate
nominees for director. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee periodically assesses the
appropriate size of the Board of Directors and whether any vacancies on the Board of Directors are expected. In
particular, one vacancy now exists on the Board of Directors, which the Board, in consultation with the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, may fill in its discretion. In the event that vacancies are
anticipated or otherwise arise, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will seek to identify
director candidates, subject to the restrictions described below, based on input provided by a number of sources,
including: (i) Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee members; (ii) other directors; (iii) management;
and (iv) our stockholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also has the authority to
consult with or retain advisors or search firms to assist in the identification of qualified director candidates.
Once director candidates have been identified, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will
evaluate each candidate in light of his or her qualifications and credentials, and any additional factors that the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee deems necessary or appropriate, including those set forth
above. Qualified prospective candidates will be interviewed by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and at
least one member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The full Board of Directors will be
kept informed of the candidate’s progress. Using input from such interviews and other information obtained by it,
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will evaluate whether a prospective candidate is qualified
to serve as a director and, if so qualified, will seek the approval of the full Board of Directors for the nomination
of the candidate or the election of such candidate to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors.
Existing directors who are being considered for re-nomination will be re-evaluated by the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee based on each director’s satisfaction of the qualifications described above and
his or her prior performance as a director. All candidates submitted by stockholders will be evaluated in the same
manner as candidates recommended from other sources, provided that the procedures set forth below under
Corporate Governance — Structure and Role of Our Board — Stockholder Recommendations for Director
Candidates have been followed.
Additionally, our Board of Directors shall nominate for election or re-election as directors only candidates
who agree to tender, promptly following the annual meeting at which they are elected or re-elected as a director,
irrevocable resignations that will be effective upon (i) the failure to receive the required vote at the next annual
meeting at which they stand for re-election and (ii) acceptance by our Board of Directors of such resignation. Our
Board of Directors shall fill director vacancies and newly created directorships only with candidates who agree to
tender promptly following their appointment to the Board of Directors the same form of resignation tendered by
other directors in accordance with the Governance Guidelines promulgated by our Board of Directors.
As a condition to the NYSE Euronext Acquisition, the Euronext College of Regulators approved all of the
current members of our Board of Directors, all of whom are nominated for re-election at the Annual Meeting,
and designated two directors (Sylvain Hefes and Jan-Michiel Hessels) as representatives of the Euronext
markets. The Euronext College of Regulators consists of national securities and market regulators of the five
European countries where we operate exchanges, acting pursuant to a memorandum of understanding governing
the cash equity and derivatives markets and their respective operators. The members of the Euronext College of
Regulators adopt a coordinated approach to the exercise of their respective national rules, regulations and
supervisory practices regarding listing requirements, prospectus disclosure requirements, ongoing obligations of
listed companies, takeover bid rules and disclosure of large shareholdings. We have certain continuing
obligations resulting from the NYSE Euronext Acquisition, including certain limitations and conditions on our
ability to nominate a new member to our Board of Directors. First, if we need to replace one of the two directors
designated as representatives of the European markets due to his resignation, removal or failure to be re-
nominated, his replacement must be a member of the existing Euronext N.V. supervisory board (Euronext N.V. is
the holding company of the Euronext sub-group, which comprises, inter alia, the European market subsidiaries as
defined in the definitions included in Exhibit B to this Proxy Statement) or pre-approved as being a Euronext
16
market representative by the Euronext College of Regulators. Second, future proposed appointments to our Board
of Directors must be submitted to the Euronext College of Regulators for its “non-objection”, which will require
that the nominee pass any “fit and proper” test under applicable European laws and regulations. These
commitments will terminate when we no longer control Euronext N.V., as confirmed in writing by our
independent registered public accountants based on its determination that we would not be deemed to control
Euronext N.V. under International Financial Reporting Standard 10 as in effect on January 1, 2014. We must also
publicly disclose that we no longer control Euronext N.V. If the previously announced proposed initial public
offering of Euronext N.V. is consummated, we may cease to control Euronext N.V. in 2014.
All of the current nominees for director recommended for election by the stockholders at the 2014 Annual
Meeting are current members of the Board of Directors. Based on the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee’s evaluation of each nominee’s satisfaction of the qualifications described above and their past
performance as directors, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has decided to recommend the
nominees for re-election and the Board of Directors has approved such recommendation. For the reasons
specified in the biography of each director identified above under Corporate Governance — Item 1-Election of
Directors — Nominees for Election as Directors at the 2014 Annual Meeting , our Board has concluded that each
director nominee should be re-elected to our Board of Directors. The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee has not received any nominations from stockholders for the 2014 Annual Meeting.
Board Leadership Structure
Our Board of Directors Governance Guidelines provide for the role of the Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer to be combined, a lead independent director, and strong active independent directors. Under our
Amended and Restated Bylaws, the Chairman of the Board presides over meetings of the Board of Directors, presides
over meetings of stockholders, consults and advises the Board of Directors and its committees on our business and
affairs, and performs such other duties as may be assigned by the Board. The Chairman of the Board, in consultation
with the lead independent director, establishes the agenda for Board of Director meetings and facilitates constructive
and useful communication between management and the Board of Directors. Our independent directors have elected
Mr. Salerno as the lead independent director for 2014, a position he has held since 2008. As lead independent director,
Mr. Salerno presides at all executive sessions of the non-management directors.
Our Chief Executive Officer is in general charge of our business affairs, subject to the overall direction and
supervision of the Board of Directors and its Committees and subject to such powers as reserved by the Board.
Mr. Sprecher serves as both Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and he is the only member of
our management team that serves on the Board of Directors. Our Board believes that this leadership structure —
a combined Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, a lead independent director, active and strong
non-employee directors, and Committees led and comprised of independent directors — is the most effective
structure for us at this time.
Our Board believes that the Chief Executive Officer is in the best position to most effectively serve as the
Chairman of the Board for many reasons as he is closest to many facets of our business, including his frequent
contact with our customers, regulators and stockholders. In addition, his direct involvement in the strategic and day-
to-day management of our business ensures timely communication with the Board on critical business matters,
which is important given the complexity and global nature of our business. Further, much of our business is
conducted through our operating subsidiaries, which are overseen by their own board of directors on which
Mr. Sprecher serves. Serving in multiple roles allows Mr. Sprecher to be a single point of contact to communicate
effectively strategic goals, key issues and topics of importance to our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors
believes this structure has functioned well, produced strong operating results, and effectively balances a highly
capable management team with appropriate safeguards and oversight by non-employee directors.
Board Oversight of Risk
Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing ICE’s risk management process, which includes
management of general risks as well as particular risks facing our business. With the assistance of our Audit and
17
Risk Committees, the Board oversees that our assets are properly safeguarded, that appropriate financial and
other controls are maintained, and that our business is conducted prudently and in compliance with applicable
laws and regulations and our corporate governance guidelines. In this regard, our Board of Directors seeks to
understand and oversee critical business risks and does not view the risks facing our business in isolation. While
risks are considered in business decision-making and as part of our overall business strategy, the Board of
Directors recognizes that it is neither possible nor prudent to eliminate all business risk. Our Board of Directors
believes that purposeful and appropriate risk-taking is essential for our business to be competitive on a global
basis, to continue to grow and diversify, and to achieve our overall business objectives.
While the Board oversees risk management, our management is charged with managing risk. We have
adopted internal processes and internal controls to identify and manage operational and financial risks. The
Board, the Audit Committee and the Risk Committee monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of the internal
controls and the risk management program and management communicates routinely with the Audit Committee
and the Risk Committee on the risks identified and how they are being managed.
Directors may, and often do, communicate directly with senior management on any areas of our business for
which they would like additional information.
Board of Directors Governance Guidelines
We have adopted Governance Guidelines that guide the Board of Directors on matters of corporate
governance, including:
• composition of the Board of Directors;
• duties and responsibilities of the Board of Directors;
• committees of the Board of Directors;
• leadership, functioning and evaluation of the Board of Directors;
• director independence, orientation, compensation, education and access to management;
• access to independent advisors by our Board of Directors;
• number of public company boards that our directors can serve; and
• director compliance with the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
The Governance Guidelines also provide that non-management directors meet in executive session without
the participation of management at all regularly scheduled meetings of the Board of Directors as deemed
necessary and at any other time as necessary to fulfill the Board of Directors’ responsibilities. In addition, the
Governance Guidelines also state that if all non-management directors are not independent directors, then the
independent directors will meet at least once annually. Our Governance Guidelines require that our directors
limit their other directorships of public companies to five. Further, our Governance Guidelines require that
employee directors tender their resignation from the Board of Directors coincident with their termination,
resignation or retirement as employees.
A copy of the Governance Guidelines is available on our website at www.theice.com. We will provide a
printed copy of the Governance Guidelines to stockholders upon request.
Stockholder Recommendations for Director Candidates
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers nominees recommended by stockholders
as candidates for election to the Board of Directors. A stockholder wishing to nominate a candidate for election
to the Board of Directors at an annual meeting is required to give written notice to our Secretary of his or her
intention to make a nomination. Pursuant to our Amended and Restated Bylaws, the notice of nomination must
18
be received not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the annual meeting
for the preceding year; provided, however, that if and only if the annual meeting is not scheduled to be held
within a period that commences 30 days before and ends 30 days after such anniversary date, the stockholder
notice must be given by the later of the close of business on the date 90 days prior to such annual meeting date or
the close of business on the tenth day following the date on which the annual meeting is publicly announced or
disclosed. Please see Additional Information — Stockholders’ Proposals for 2015 Annual Meeting below for
additional information.
To recommend a nominee, a stockholder should write to Corporate Secretary, c/o IntercontinentalExchange
Group, Inc., 2100 RiverEdge Parkway, Suite 500, Atlanta, Georgia 30328. Any such recommendation must
include:
• a statement in writing setting forth the name of the person or persons to be nominated;
• the number and class of all shares of each class of our stock owned of record and beneficially by each
such person, as reported to such stockholder by such person;
• the information regarding each such person required by paragraphs (a), (e) and (f) of Item 401 of
Regulation S-K adopted by the SEC, as amended from time to time;
• each such person’s signed consent to serve as a director if elected;
• a statement whether such person, if elected, intends to tender promptly following such person’s election
or re-election, an irrevocable resignation effective upon their failure to receive the required vote for re-
election at the next meeting for their re-election;
• such stockholder’s name and address;
• the number and class of all shares of each class of stock of ICE owned of record and beneficially by such
stockholder;
• in the case of a nominee holder, evidence establishing such nominee holder’s indirect ownership of stock
and entitlement to vote such stock for the election of directors at the annual meeting; and
• information disclosing all ownership interests in ICE, including derivatives, hedged positions and other
economic and voting interests, as specified in items (vi) through (xiii) under Additional Information —
Stockholders’ Proposals for 2015 Annual Meeting, below.
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Insider Trading Policy
We have adopted the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all of our directors, officers
and employees. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics meets the requirements of a “code of ethics” as
defined by Item 406 of Regulation S-K, and applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer (who
is our Principal Financial Officer) and our Principal Accounting Officer, as well as all other employees, as
indicated above. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics also meets the requirements of a code of conduct
under NYSE listing standards. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which includes our Whistleblower
Policy, is available on our website at www.theice.com. We will provide a printed copy of the Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics to stockholders upon request.
In addition, we have adopted an Insider Trading Policy that applies to all employees and directors, which
prohibits, among other things, entering into hedging transactions relating to our stock. Specifically, employees
and directors are prohibited from (i) engaging in short sales and buying or selling puts or calls or any derivative
securities of our stock and (ii) holding our stock in a margin account or pledging our stock as collateral for a
loan.
19
Communications with the Board of Directors
We have established a process for interested parties to communicate with members of the Board of
Directors. If you have any concern, question or complaint regarding any accounting, auditing or internal controls
matter, or any issues arising under our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or other matters that you wish to
communicate to our Board of Directors or non-management directors, send these matters in writing to:
Corporate Secretary
IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc.
2100 RiverEdge Parkway
Suite 500
Atlanta, GA 30328
You may submit your concern anonymously or confidentially by postal mail. You may also indicate whether you
are a stockholder, customer, supplier, or other interested party. Communications are distributed to the Board of
Directors, or to any individual directors as appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the
communication. Information about our Board of Directors communications policy can be found on our website at
www.theice.com under the links “About ICE—Investors & Media—Corporate Governance—Board
Communication Policy.”
COMPENSATION MATTERS
ITEM 2 — ADVISORY RESOLUTION TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
In accordance with Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act, which was added under the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, we are asking stockholders to approve an advisory resolution
on ICE’s executive compensation as reported in this Proxy Statement. As this is an advisory vote, the result will
not be binding, although our Compensation Committee will consider the outcome of the vote when evaluating the
effectiveness of our compensation principles and practices.
We urge stockholders to read Compensation Matters — Compensation Discussion & Analysis below, which
describes how our executive compensation policies and procedures operate and are designed to achieve our
compensation objectives, as well as the Summary Compensation Table and related compensation tables and
narrative below which provide detailed information on the compensation of our NEOs. Our Board of Directors
and Compensation Committee believe that the policies and procedures articulated in Compensation Matters —
Compensation Discussion & Analysis are effective in achieving our goals and that the compensation of our NEOs
reported in this Proxy Statement has supported and contributed to ICE’s success.
We are asking stockholders to approve the following advisory resolution at the 2014 Annual Meeting:
RESOLVED, that the holders of Common Stock approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation
of our named executive officers as disclosed in the Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation
S-K, including the “Compensation Discussion & Analysis”, the compensation tables and related
disclosure.
Directors’ Recommendation
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE “FOR”
THE ADVISORY RESOLUTION TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION OF OUR NEOS.
20
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
Introduction
Our Compensation Committee is responsible for designing, administering and implementing our executive
compensation programs. The Compensation Committee is composed of four directors, including Sir Callum
McCarthy, who joined the Compensation Committee at the March 1, 2013 meeting of our Board of Directors.
Each of the four directors is a “non-employee director,” as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the
Exchange Act, and an “outside director,” as defined pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Code. The Compensation
Committee determines the type and level of compensation for executive officers (generally defined as Section 16
officers under the Exchange Act, but the Compensation Committee has historically included all corporate
officers under this definition), reviews the performance of the Chief Executive Officer, and oversees the
administration of ICE’s Executive Bonus Plan, ICE’s broad-based employee annual bonus plan and all of ICE’s
equity compensation plans. The Compensation Committee Charter, which is periodically reviewed and revised
by the Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors, outlines the specific responsibilities of the
Compensation Committee.
In this section, we discuss certain aspects of our compensation program as it relates to our principal
executive officer (Jeffrey C. Sprecher, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer), our principal financial officer
(Scott A. Hill, Chief Financial Officer), and our three other most highly-compensated executive officers in 2013
(Charles A. Vice, President and Chief Operating Officer; Paul Swann, President and Managing Director of ICE
Clear Europe; and Duncan Niederauer, President of ICE and the Chief Executive Officer of NYSE). These
individuals are collectively referred to as our “Named Executive Officers” or “NEOs.” In connection with the
NYSE Euronext Acquisition, Mr. Niederauer, the former Chief Executive Officer of NYSE Euronext, joined
IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc. as President and Chief Executive Officer of NYSE Group, Inc. Prior to the
NYSE Euronext Acquisition, Messrs. Sprecher, Hill, Vice and Swann were executive officers of
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. The IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc. Compensation Committee is composed
of the same individuals who composed the Compensation Committee of IntercontinentalExchange, Inc., and was
responsible for decisions related to the compensation of Messrs. Sprecher, Hill, Vice and Swann for the portion
of 2013 prior to the NYSE Euronext Acquisition, and for decisions related to the compensation of all five NEOs
for the portion of 2013 following the NYSE Euronext Acquisition. The former NYSE Euronext compensation
committee was responsible for Mr. Niederauer’s compensation for the portion of 2013 prior to the NYSE
Euronext Acquisition.
ICE continued to deliver solid operating results in 2013 as evidenced by the following 2013 performance
highlights compared to our 2012 results:
• Eighth consecutive year of record revenue and adjusted earnings;
• Consolidated revenues, less transaction-based expenses, increased 23% to $1.67 billion;
• Three-year Total Shareholder Return in excess of 88% (stock price increase from $119.15 on
December 31, 2010 to $224.92 on December 31, 2013, plus dividend); and
• Strategic acquisitions expanded our geographic footprint, broadened markets in financial products and
strengthened existing asset classes globally.
2013 Advisory Vote Results
At our 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on May 17, 2013, approximately 99% of stockholders
voted to approve the non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation. The Compensation Committee
believes this level of stockholder support reflects a strong endorsement of our compensation policies and
philosophy and, consistent with our stockholder support, maintained an approach to executive compensation in
2013 that was materially consistent with our 2012 compensation program. The Compensation Committee will
continue to consider the outcome of our “say on pay” votes when making future compensation decisions for the
NEOs.
21
Compensation Objectives and Components
Our executive compensation philosophy is to link compensation with individual achievement, company
performance, and the creation of stockholder value. This philosophy manifests itself in the following four
primary objectives:
• attract, retain and reward executive officers capable of achieving our business objectives;
• offer competitive compensation opportunities that reward individual contribution and corporate
performance;
• align the interests of executive officers and stockholders through long-term equity incentives; and
• pay total compensation that is commensurate with the performance achieved and value created for
stockholders.
Our compensation program offers several distinct elements that are consistent with the objectives outlined
above, including:
•
Base salary: The foundation of our executive compensation framework is a cash base salary, which
enables us to provide regular, stable compensation to our executives and to recruit and retain qualified
employees. We operate in global and competitive markets, and a competitive base salary is required to
develop and maintain a workforce capable of accomplishing ICE’s business objectives. We offer base
salaries that are competitive with our peers and commensurate with the industry, the experience of the
executive and the scope of the role.
•
Annual bonus: Our cash bonus plan is designed to reward the accomplishment of our short-term
(i.e., approximately one-year) performance targets. These bonuses include primarily objective and
quantitative components, but also include qualitative and subjective components for measuring both
corporate and individual achievement relative to objectives. For 2013, these performance targets reflected
a balance between growth targets, profitability metrics, and other key strategic objectives, with a
significant portion of the bonus plan funding tied to corporate financial results and a significant degree of
“stretch” built in to encourage outstanding corporate performance.
•
Equity compensation: Since our inception, we have offered broad-based equity awards that are intended
to align the interests of all employees, including executive officers, with those of stockholders over a
long-term period (i.e., greater than one-year). We use a variety of equity vehicles, including stock
options, time-vesting restricted stock units, and performance-based restricted stock units to deliver
long-term incentive compensation in a manner that is intended to align employee interests with the
interests of our stockholders, while serving as a retention tool through multi-year vesting schedules.
Equity ownership requirements are also in place for all of our officers (including our NEOs) and
directors. At more senior levels (e.g., executive officers), the Compensation Committee places a heavier
emphasis on performance-based awards that are generally comprised of a combination of stock options
that only deliver value if ICE’s share price increases above the strike price on the date of grant and other
forms of performance-based awards that incorporate stretch targets so that the awards “pay for
themselves” through improved performance.
•
Benefits and perquisites: As with the base salary, our benefits and perquisites are intended to attract and
retain employees through a competitive and comprehensive benefits program.
Role of Compensation Consultant
The Compensation Committee has engaged a compensation consulting firm to serve as its external compensation
consultant since the founding of ICE in 2000. During 2013, the Compensation Committee retained Compensation
Advisory Partners, which has served the Compensation Committee since mid-2011, to advise on executive
compensation matters as requested by the Compensation Committee. As discussed in more detail below,
Compensation Advisory Partners provided information that informed 2013 decision making. The information provided
22
by Compensation Advisory Partners included: competitive salary, bonus and equity data for certain positions within
ICE and general benchmarking data against our peers. In addition, Compensation Advisory Partners helped analyze
our bonus and equity award programs, provided advice regarding the selection of our peer group, provided updates to
the Compensation Committee on trends and regulatory developments, analyzed director compensation and assisted in
the review of our compensation plans to determine if the arrangements incented inappropriate risk taking.
The NEOs have not participated in the selection of Compensation Advisory Partners or any other
compensation consultant in connection with advice regarding executive and director compensation matters. A
representative from our compensation consultant attends most Compensation Committee meetings and is
available between meetings as a resource for the Compensation Committee and management. The Compensation
Committee determines in its sole discretion which compensation consultant to retain for various services, and the
consultant reports directly to the Compensation Committee. Use of a particular consulting firm by the
Compensation Committee does not preclude management from hiring the same consulting firm. In 2013,
Compensation Advisory Partners did not provide any other services to ICE. In compliance with the SEC and
NYSE requirements regarding the independence of compensation consultants, Compensation Advisory Partners
provided the Compensation Committee with a letter addressing each of the six independence factors. Their
responses affirm the independence of the firm and its partners, consultants, and employees who service the
Compensation Committee on executive compensation matters and governance issues.
The Compensation Committee’s external compensation consultant has historically prepared an annual,
comprehensive benchmarking report based on ICE’s peer group that is used by the Compensation Committee in
making decisions regarding base salary, annual bonuses and equity compensation. Compensation Advisory
Partners’ analysis focused on a review of competitive compensation practices for a sample of the officer
positions at ICE, based on proxy statement data for the companies in the peer groups described below, as well as
published survey data. Relevant findings from this analysis are discussed in more detail below.
Custom Compensation Peer Group
The Compensation Committee utilizes a peer group to benchmark ICE’s total compensation program. ICE’s
peer group includes comparable financial exchanges, financial services providers, technology companies and
related companies based on metrics such as revenue and market capitalization. The peer group is reviewed
annually by the Compensation Committee, with assistance and recommendations from its compensation
consultant, and adjustments are made as necessary. The Compensation Committee reviews annually the
executive pay practices of these peer companies as reported in industry surveys, public filings and reports from
compensation consulting firms. This information is considered when making recommendations for each element
of compensation.
At the beginning of 2013, consistent with the 2012 peer group, the following 15 companies comprised the
peer group:
CBOE Holdings, Inc. Interactive Brokers Group Inc. MSCI, Inc.
Citrix Systems Inc. Investment Technology Group, Inc. The Nasdaq OMX Group Inc.
CME Group, Inc. Knight Capital Group Inc. NYSE Euronext
FactSet Research Systems Inc. MasterCard, Inc. Salesforce.com Inc.
GFI Group Inc. Moody’s Corp. TD Ameritrade Holding Corp.
23
Upon the NYSE Euronext Acquisition, the peer group was updated to be more reflective of the newly
combined company and consisted of the following 18 companies:
CBOE Holdings, Inc. Hong Kong Exchanges and
Clearing Limited
The Nasdaq OMX Group Inc.
Citrix Systems Inc. ICAP PLC Northern Trust Corp.
CME Group, Inc. London Stock Exchange Salesforce.com Inc.
Deutsche Börse AG MasterCard, Inc. State Street Corp
Fidelity National Information
Services Inc
McGraw-Hill Companies Inc TD Ameritrade Holding Corp.
Fiserv Inc Moody’s Corp. Visa Inc
Compensation Practices
For each NEO, except, in 2013, Mr. Niederauer, the Compensation Committee reviews an analysis of
individual compensation levels prepared by its compensation consultant that reports compensation paid to the
NEO and compares base salary, total cash compensation (base salary plus annual bonus) and total direct
compensation (total cash compensation plus equity compensation) against relevant market data, including peer
group data. The results of the comparisons prepared in 2012 and 2013 are detailed below.
For Mr. Sprecher, our Chief Executive Officer, the Compensation Committee determines individual
performance and conducts an annual review of his salary, bonuses and equity awards. For other NEOs, except, in
2013, Mr. Niederauer, Mr. Sprecher provides input to the Compensation Committee regarding his views on the
performance of these other officers during the Compensation Committee’s annual review of salary, bonuses and
equity awards. In addition to examining market data on individual positions, the Compensation Committee also
focuses on the “total cost of management,” which is an aggregation of total direct compensation for the NEOs.
According to the Compensation Advisory Partners analysis prepared in 2013, our “total cost of management”
compared to the 75
th percentile of the new peer group.
We do not maintain formal targets for the allocation of total compensation through each compensation
element outlined above. We do strive to maintain a low fixed-cost compensation structure (i.e., base salary,
benefits and perquisites) and to deliver the majority of value through variable pay elements (i.e., annual bonus
and equity-based performance awards). We have maintained this “pay for performance” orientation since our
founding and believe it is an important element of our entrepreneurial culture. The average mix of targeted
compensation for our NEOs in 2013, excluding Mr. Niederauer, was approximately 65% long-term equity-based
incentive pay (comprised of stock options and performance-based restricted stock unit awards), 20% annual
performance incentive compensation (the targeted 2013 cash bonus awards under the Executive Bonus Plan) and
15% base salary, for a mix of approximately 35% cash and 65% non-cash compensation. The mix of cash and
non-cash compensation and of base and incentive compensation is illustrated by the following chart:
24
Mix of 2013 Targeted
Compensation for NEOs
Long-Term
Performance
Incentives
(equity)
65%
Annual
Performance
Incentives
(cash)
20%
Base Salary
(cash)
15%
Based on a review by Compensation Advisory Partners, our mix of compensation continues to emphasize
variable incentive compensation, rather than a fixed model of compensation, to a greater degree than our peer
group. This focus on variable incentive compensation is consistent with the Compensation Committee’s
emphasis on performance-based awards for officers and our compensation philosophy.
We believe that our mix of cash/non-cash and short-term/long-term incentives provides an appropriate
balance between our longer-term business objectives and shorter-term retention and competitive needs. We also
believe that providing the majority of our NEOs’ compensation in the form of long-term equity awards, when
combined with our clawback policy and stock ownership requirements, each discussed below, has the additional
benefit of mitigating incentives to take inappropriate risks.
Risk Assessment with Respect to Compensation
The Compensation Committee, with the assistance of its compensation consultant and management, has
completed a review of compensation policies and programs, including those not applicable to NEOs, and does
not believe there are circumstances where the risks arising from these policies or programs are reasonably likely
to have a material adverse effect on ICE. The review examined the balance of fixed and variable elements of
compensation, mix of cash and non-cash components and the focus on both short- and long-term operational and
financial performance alignment with stockholder interests. Moreover, we designed into our compensation
program certain structural features that align our NEOs’ financial incentives with those of our stockholders and
mitigate inappropriate risk-taking by our executives, including our NEOs, such as a clawback policy, stock
ownership requirements, and a total compensation mix weighted in favor of long-term, equity based awards. The
Compensation Committee continues to monitor the risk exposure of our compensation policies and programs.
Elements of Compensation
The Compensation Committee considers each NEO’s total compensation package when making changes to
the individual elements that comprise the NEOs’ compensation. For example, when the Compensation
Committee makes a change to an officer’s base salary, as discussed below, the Compensation Committee reviews
the change in light of the other elements of compensation, including the annual bonus and annual equity award.
25
Base Salary
We have historically targeted a base salary for each NEO that is between the median and 75 th percentile of
the market depending on the NEO’s experience in his or her respective position, individual performance, impact
on the organization and retention concerns, although the Compensation Committee retains discretion to set
compensation. With the assistance of Compensation Advisory Partners, the Compensation Committee reviewed
NEO (other than Mr. Niederauer) base salary levels in May 2013 and September 2013 and found the following
competitive positioning relative to the new peers:
Name and Position
Base Salary Positioning
Relative to Peer Group
Jeffrey C. Sprecher ...............................................
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
50th Percentile
Charles A. Vice ..................................................
President and Chief Operating Officer
Above 75th Percentile
Scott A. Hill ....................................................
Chief Financial Officer
25th to 50th Percentile
Paul Swann .....................................................
President and Managing Director of ICE Clear Europe
Not Available*
* Given the limited set of clearing house peers, the position was not compared with external benchmark data.
Instead, compensation for this position is considered relative to internal peers, many of which are positioned
relative to external benchmark data.
After reviewing the above information and in consultation with Compensation Advisory Partners, the
Compensation Committee determined that no base salary adjustments would be made until the closing of the
NYSE Euronext Acquisition, at which point salaries for Messrs Hill and Swann were adjusted. Base salaries for
our NEOs, excluding Mr. Niederauer, are reflected in the table below:
Name and Position
Annual Salary
Effective
March 1, 2012
Annual Salary
Effective
November 13,
2013
Jeffrey C. Sprecher .........................................
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
$1,050,000 $1,050,000
Charles A. Vice ............................................
President and Chief Operating Officer
$ 750,000 $ 750,000
Scott A. Hill ...............................................
Chief Financial Officer
$ 625,000 $ 700,000
Paul Swann ...............................................
President and Managing Director of ICE Clear Europe
£ 550,000 £ 600,000
In making 2013 compensation decisions, the Compensation Committee considered these base salary
findings in connection with the findings of total cash and total direct compensation competitiveness noted below.
Please see below for a discussion of the individual contributions and company achievements considered in
making these decisions.
Annual Bonus
Our approach to annual bonuses is structured to deliver total cash compensation that is competitive with our
peers for commensurate performance, and we typically target a range between the median and 75
th percentile of
the market depending on the officer’s experience in his or her respective position, impact on the organization and
26
corporate and individual performance, although the Compensation Committee retains discretion to award greater
or lesser amounts. NEOs participate in our stockholder approved Executive Bonus Plan and target annual bonus
and total cash compensation opportunities are reviewed each year. With the assistance of Compensation
Advisory Partners, the Compensation Committee reviewed NEO (other than Mr. Niederauer) total cash
compensation opportunities in 2013 and found the following competitive positioning relative to new peers:
Name and Position
Target Total Cash
Positioning Relative to
Peer Group*
Jeffrey C. Sprecher ...............................................
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
75th Percentile
Charles A. Vice ..................................................
President and Chief Operating Officer
75th Percentile
Scott A. Hill ....................................................
Chief Financial Officer
50th to 75th Percentile
Paul Swann .....................................................
President and Managing Director of ICE Clear Europe
Not Available**
* “Target Total Cash” equals base salary plus target annual bonus.
** Given the limited set of clearing house peers, the position was not compared with external benchmark data.
Instead, compensation for this position is considered relative to internal peers, many of which are positioned
relative to external benchmark data.
As a result, and in consultation with Compensation Advisory Partners, the Compensation Committee
determined that no changes to target annual bonus opportunities would be made for 2013. Target annual bonus
opportunities for our NEOs, excluding Mr. Niederauer are reflected in the table below.
Name and Position
2012 Target
Bonus
Opportunity
(% of base
salary)
2013 Target
Bonus
Opportunity
(% of base
salary)
Jeffrey C. Sprecher ............................................
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
200% 200%
Charles A. Vice ...............................................
President and Chief Operating Officer
175% 175%
Scott A. Hill .................................................
Chief Financial Officer
150% 150%
Paul Swann ..................................................
President and Managing Director of ICE Clear Europe
100% 100%
Actual bonuses paid in any year may range from no payments to bonus payments above the established
target level based on company and individual performance. In 2013, the Compensation Committee implemented
a cap on bonuses such that bonuses to executive officers may not exceed 200% of the established target level.
Further, any potential payments are limited according to the terms of the Executive Bonus Plan.
At the beginning of each year, the Compensation Committee, and as it relates to financial and strategic
metrics, the Board of Directors, approves company and individual goals for the year. From these goals,
Management Business Objectives (“MBOs”) are established that serve as the performance measures for that
year’s annual bonus plan. These well-defined company and individual MBOs are typically made up of both
financial (~90%) and non-financial (~10%) objectives and typically include performance criteria such as revenue
and net income growth, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”) performance,
market share, product launches, integration of acquisitions and key technology initiatives. In addition to
27
establishing officer bonus levels, these MBOs are used in determining the bonus pool for all employees in our
broad-based employee annual bonus plan. For purposes of the annual bonus, we calculate EBITDA by adding
back to our net income: our interest and other non-operating income and expense, our tax expense and our
depreciation and amortization expense.
At the end of each year, the Compensation Committee evaluates the Executive Bonus Plan funding (which
is based on EBITDA performance) and awards annual bonus payments to the NEOs, relative to the target
payments for the NEOs based on the achievement of the above noted, pre-established MBOs (covering both
company and individual performance). The Compensation Committee also determines the overall bonus pool
available for our broad-based employee annual bonus plan, based on the same MBO achievement criteria. This
performance review necessarily involves a subjective assessment of corporate and individual performance by the
Compensation Committee as it relates to non-financial performance. The Compensation Committee believes that
it is appropriate to use some subjective assessments (within the context of the objective funding formula and
maximum bonus amounts provided for in the stockholder approved Executive Bonus Plan) as part of the annual
bonus determination in light of ICE’s healthy growth, its rapidly evolving industry, the existence of few direct
peer companies, and the challenges inherent in establishing objective and strictly budget-based goals in a
dynamic environment. The Compensation Committee reviews ICE’s performance relative to the MBOs and also
monitors the bonus accruals throughout the fiscal year. The Compensation Committee strives to set the
performance targets for the annual bonus plan at levels that are challenging but achievable, and incorporates a
significant degree of “stretch” to encourage and reward outstanding corporate performance. The payouts are
leveraged to provide higher payments in years of exceptional performance and lower payments in years where
performance is below the target level. The Compensation Committee believes the 2013 goals were properly
challenging given the economic and competitive conditions facing ICE.
In December 2013 and February 2014, the Compensation Committee reviewed ICE’s performance against
the pre-established MBOs and the separate aggregate cap in the Executive Bonus Plan for 2013, and authorized
payments for the NEOs noted in the table below by applying the framework discussed above. While reviewing
ICE’s performance, the Compensation Committee examined, among other things, financial and non-financial
performance metrics to determine the annual bonus awards for 2013 and evaluated the cumulative bonus amounts
of $10,624,673 for the NEOs relative to the bonus pool cap provided by the stockholder approved Executive
Bonus Plan of $28,456,365, which is equal to 3% of 2013 EBITDA. The following financial MBOs were
evaluated for purposes of determining annual bonus awards (the below financial metrics exclude NYSE
Euronext’s financial results):
Financial Metric 2013 Goal 2013 Actual*
2013 Actual
Compared to 2013
Goal
Change in 2013
Actual From 2012
Actual
Consolidated Revenues .................... $1,472 Million
Increase of 8% from 2012
$1,390 Million 95% 2%
Consolidated Net Income Attributable to ICE . . $617 Million
Increase of 12% from 2012
$564 Million 92% 3%
Consolidated EBITDA .................... $1,050 Million
Increase of 13% from 2012
$988 Million 94% 6%
* Adjusted for transaction expenses in excess of budget and a one-time impairment related to the impact of the devaluation of the
Brazilian real on the Company’s investment in Cetip S.A.
The above equally-weighted financial performance achievement, which accounts for 90% of the overall
bonus determination, yields an achievement of approximately 94% of the 2013 financial goals.
In addition to financial performance, the Compensation Committee considered the 2013 non-financial
performance relative to MBOs that included, but was not limited to, the acquisition of NYSE Euronext.
The Compensation Committee also considered the following individual contributions:
• Mr. Sprecher: continued strategic foresight and market leadership; significant work with global
regulators, lawmakers and investors; the NYSE Euronext Acquisition; and progress on our global clearing
strategy, including interest rate clearing.
28
• Mr. Vice: New product launches; negotiation, execution and integration work with respect to strategic
opportunities; overall system reliability; increased capacity and improved scalability of technology
systems for trading, clearing (including interest rate clearing) and compliance systems; enhanced system
functionality; advancement of options trading strategy and capabilities; navigating and executing
opportunities created by financial reform; and leadership regarding the NYSE Euronext Acquisition.
• Mr. Hill: Financial leadership, leadership in the integration of prior acquisitions; accurate and timely
production of our financial results and public filings; significant work with institutional investors and
analysts; leadership on, and coordination of, our clearing houses; introduction of interest rate clearing;
optimization of our capital and expense structure; and leadership regarding the NYSE Euronext
Acquisition.
• Mr. Swann: Clearing house and market leadership, significant work with regulators, and successful
delivery of services under the Clearing Services Agreement with NYSE Euronext.
The Compensation Committee also considered that Mr. Sprecher, Mr. Hill, and ICE’s Investor Relations
department achieved top rankings in Institutional Investor magazine’s 2014 All-America Executive Team for the
fifth consecutive year. Mr. Sprecher was voted “Best CEO” in the category of Brokers, Asset Managers and
Exchanges by sell-side analysts.
Based on these factors and accomplishments, the Compensation Committee determined that management
met their non-financial MBO’s for 2013 and scored non-financial performance, which accounts for 10% of the
overall bonus determination, at target.
Based on the performance and considerations described above, the following annual bonus awards for fiscal
year 2013 were approved by the Compensation Committee:
Name and Position
2013 Annual
Bonus
Jeffrey C. Sprecher ...................................................
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
$ 1,974,000
(94% of target)
Charles A. Vice ......................................................
President and Chief Operating Officer
$ 1,233,750
(94% of target)
Scott A. Hill ........................................................
Chief Financial Officer
$ 987,000
(94% of target)
Paul Swann .........................................................
President and Managing Director of ICE Clear Europe
$ 929,923
(94% of target)
All annual bonus awards for the NEOs were paid in cash during February 2014, and are included in the
“Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column in the Summary Compensation Table.
The performance targets in 2014 are substantially similar to those used for 2013. That is, the Executive
Bonus Plan will continue, as approved by stockholders, to fund an overall bonus pool that is capped at 3% of
EBITDA. The Compensation Committee will evaluate this funding, as well as ICE’s performance against
Revenue, Net Income and EBITDA growth targets (equally-weighted), as well as non-financial MBOs related to
the enhancement of product offerings, regulatory compliance, integration of acquisitions, system performance
and execution on our strategic initiatives. Please refer to the Investors & Media section of our website
(www.theice.com) for publicly available information related to our financial performance.
On November 12, 2013, in connection with and contingent upon the successful completion of the NYSE
Euronext Acquisition, the Compensation Committee approved the payment of additional cash bonuses to certain
employees of ICE, including Messrs. Vice and Hill, who each received a bonus of $875,000, and Mr. Swann,
who received a bonus of $931,572. The cash bonuses were intended to recognize individual contributions and
efforts in connection with the completion of the NYSE Euronext Acquisition, and paid to the employees on the
first regular payroll date following the NYSE Euronext Acquisition.
29
Equity Compensation
The Compensation Committee believes that long-term incentives, primarily delivered through equity grants,
are an effective vehicle to align the interests of executive officers with those of our stockholders and serve as a
retention tool through multi-year vesting schedules. ICE is sensitive to the concerns of its stockholders regarding
the potential dilutive impact of equity awards, and also takes into account the relevant accounting and tax impact
of all potential forms of equity awards in designing its grants. The Compensation Committee believes that the
benefits to ICE stockholders resulting from equity award grants to our NEOs, including interest alignment and
mitigation of incentives to take inappropriate business risks, however, outweigh the adverse effects of such
potential dilution. The value of the equity awards granted to our NEOs is designed to target total direct
compensation between the median and 75
th percentile of ICE’s peer group, though actual awards may vary based
on individual performance, internal pay equity considerations and retention objectives, as determined in the
Compensation Committee’s discretion. At our 2013 Annual Meeting we received shareholder approval for our
2013 Omnibus Employee Incentive Plan, which replaced the 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan for awards granted on
or after May 17, 2013, and our 2013 Non-Employee Director Incentive Plan.
On November 13, 2013, we acquired NYSE Euronext. Upon the closing of the NYSE Euronext Acquisition,
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. and NYSE Euronext became direct wholly owned subsidiaries of
IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc., and IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. and former NYSE Euronext
stockholders became holders of shares of IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc. common stock.
ICE assumed, effective as of the closing of the NYSE Euronext Acquisition, the sponsorship of the
following former NYSE Euronext plans: (i) the NYSE Euronext Omnibus Incentive Plan, (ii) the NYSE
Euronext 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, (iii) the Archipelago Holdings, L.L.C. 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan and
(iv) the Archipelago Holdings 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, as well as the outstanding awards granted thereunder,
the award agreements evidencing the grants of such awards and the remaining shares available thereunder, in
each case subject to applicable adjustments in the manner set forth in the Amended and Restated Agreement and
Plan of Merger, dated as of March 19, 2013, by and among IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.,
IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc. and NYSE Euronext, among others (the “NYSE Euronext Acquisition
Agreement”) to such awards and remaining shares available under each such plan.
Equity grants for our NEOs in 2013, excluding Mr. Niederauer, were made under our 2009 Omnibus
Incentive Plan and our 2013 Omnibus Employee Incentive Plan. As discussed below under Mr. Niederauer’s
Compensation, Mr. Niederauer’s grants were made under the NYSE Euronext Omnibus Incentive Plan.
In establishing the January 2013 equity award levels, the Compensation Committee, with the assistance of
Compensation Advisory Partners, reviewed officer compensation matters at its meeting in May 2012 and found
the following competitive positioning relative to peers for target total direct compensation:
Name and Position
Target Total Direct
Compensation Positioning
Relative to Peer Group
Jeffrey C. Sprecher ..............................................
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
75th Percentile
Charles A. Vice .................................................
President and Chief Operating Officer
Above 75th Percentile
Scott A. Hill ....................................................
Chief Financial Officer
50th to 75th Percentile
Paul Swann ....................................................
President and Managing Director of ICE Clear Europe
Not Available *
* Given the limited set of clearing house peers, the position was not compared with external benchmark data.
Instead, compensation for this position is considered relative to internal peers, many of which are positioned
relative to external benchmark data.
30
As a result, and in consultation with its compensation consultant, the Compensation Committee determined
that the long-term incentive awards reflected in the tables below were appropriate. These awards were made in
January 2013 and except for Mr. Swann, were similar to, in terms of target value, awards made in January 2012.
The Compensation Committee also considered the overall mix of variable compensation delivered through cash
and equity, the positioning relative to peers when considering each individual’s experience and each individual’s
continued level of individual performance and leadership.
Name and Position
Target Grant Date Value
of 2013 Equity Awards
Jeffrey C. Sprecher ...............................................
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
$5,000,000
Charles A. Vice ..................................................
President and Chief Operating Officer
$3,500,000
Scott A. Hill ....................................................
Chief Financial Officer
$2,500,000
Paul Swann .....................................................
President and Managing Director of ICE Clear Europe
$1,000,000
The January 2013 equity award to the executive officer group included a mix of stock options (25% of the
target award value) and performance-based restricted stock units (75% of the target award value). The
performance-based restricted stock units were awarded based on the accomplishment of 2013 EBITDA
performance, subject to a stock market condition that could have reduced the number of shares that were earned
above target based on ICE’s 2013 TSR performance as compared to the S&P 500 index. In the event ICE
outperformed the EBITDA target for this award, the stock market condition could have reduced the number of
shares earned above target by 10% if the TSR on ICE’s Common Stock during 2013 was below the S&P 500
index by 10% or less and reduced by 20% if the TSR on ICE’s Common Stock during 2013 was below the S&P
500 index by more than 10%. The number of shares that could have been earned under the performance-based
awards ranged from zero for performance below the threshold performance target, 50% of the target award for
performance at the threshold (85% of the EBITDA goal), 100% of the target award for performance at the target,
and 200% of the target award for performance at the maximum (113% of the EBITDA goal) performance level.
Both the stock option and performance-based restricted stock unit awards vest over the three years following
grant, subject to continued employment.
The following equity awards were made to the NEOs, excluding Mr. Niederauer, on January 11, 2013:
Name Stock Options
Performance-Based
Restricted Stock Units at
Target Performance
Jeffrey C. Sprecher ................................... 32,543 28,988
Charles A. Vice ..................................... 22,780 20,292
Scott A. Hill ........................................ 16,271 14,494
Paul Swann ......................................... 6,508 5,797
The January 11, 2013 stock options have a strike price of $129.36, which was the closing price of our
Common Stock on the grant date.
In February 2014, the Compensation Committee determined that ICE’s EBITDA for 2013 was
approximately 94% of target. Pursuant to the terms of the awards, certain costs attributable to merger and
acquisition activity were excluded based on the rationale that ICE does not want to discourage future acquisition
attempts when the opportunity arises. Because ICE’s 2013 EBITDA performance was below target, no TSR
evaluation was triggered. The impact of the below target EBITDA performance resulted in individual awards at
approximately 77% of the target level. The first tranche (1/3) of shares earned pursuant to performance-based
restricted stock units granted on January 11, 2013 were delivered on February 8, 2014. Based on continued
employment, the second tranche (1/3) of shares earned is scheduled to vest in January 2015 and the final tranche
(1/3) of shares earned is scheduled to vest in January 2016.
31
The following table illustrates the January 11, 2013 performance-based restricted stock units earned based
on 2013 performance:
Name
Performance-Based
Restricted Stock Units at
Target Performance
Performance-Based
Restricted Stock Units at
Actual Performance
(77.3% of Target Shares)
Jeffrey C. Sprecher ........................... 28,988 22,407
Charles A. Vice .............................. 20,292 15,685
Scott A. Hill ................................ 14,494 11,203
Paul Swann ................................. 5,797 4,481
Equity awards for all officers are normally approved at a scheduled Compensation Committee meeting. ICE
management is not authorized to approve equity awards for officer-level employees, and does not have the
discretion or authority to govern the timing of equity awards. In 2013, no equity awards for officers were
approved outside of a Compensation Committee meeting. ICE uses the closing price of its Common Stock on the
NYSE on the grant date for purposes of establishing the strike price of stock options and for accounting purposes
of other equity awards. ICE has not issued stock options with an exercise price below the fair market value of its
Common Stock on the grant date.
On November 12, 2013, in connection with and contingent upon the successful completion of the NYSE
Euronext Acquisition, the Compensation Committee approved a one-time merger-related grant of performance-
based restricted stock units to certain employees of ICE, including Messrs. Sprecher, Vice, Hill and Swann. The
one-time merger-related performance-based restricted stock units were granted to recognize the individual
contributions of these NEOs to the NYSE Euronext Acquisition and provide incentives for successful integration
of ICE and NYSE. The performance-based restricted stock units, which were granted under the 2013 Omnibus
Employee Incentive Plan, entitle the grantees to receive a number of ICE shares determined based on ICE’s
performance over a three-year performance period from January 1, 2014 to December 31, 2016. Messrs.
Sprecher, Vice, Hill and Swann were granted a number of performance-based restricted stock units calculated as
the following value divided by the price of our common stock ($199.84) on the grant date: $10,000,000,
$2,625,000, $2,625,000 and $2,625,000, respectively.
The one-time merger-related performance-based restricted stock units will only be earned if ICE achieves a
minimum level of cumulative consolidated EBITDA adjusted for certain pre-defined measures over the
performance period. If ICE achieves the minimum level of performance, then the number of merger-related
performance-based restricted stock units that will be earned by the grantees will be determined based on ICE’s
achievement of a certain performance metric relative to a target performance level. The performance metric
applicable to the merger-related performance-based restricted stock units is ICE’s cumulative consolidated
EBITDA over the performance period, divided by ICE’s headcount as of January 1, 2017. At the end of the
performance period, the number of merger-related performance-based restricted stock units that are earned by a
grantee will range from 0% to 105% of his or her target award, depending on the level of performance achieved
by ICE. No merger-related performance-based restricted stock units will be earned by grantees if ICE’s
performance is less than 50% of the target performance level. The performance-based restricted stock units that
are earned by a grantee at the end of the performance period, if any, will vest in full on February 15, 2017,
provided that the grantee remains employed through such date, and be paid out shortly thereafter. Upon vesting,
the performance-based restricted stock units also entitle each grantee to receive dividend equivalent rights in
respect of the grantee’s actual earned performance-based restricted stock units, as further described below.
If a grantee’s employment with ICE terminates for any reason, all of the grantee’s performance-based
restricted stock units that have not been earned or have not vested will immediately be cancelled and forfeited
unless otherwise specified in the grantee’s employment agreement. However, the performance-based restricted
stock units and the 2013 Omnibus Employee Incentive Plan provide for certain vesting rights for grantees in the
event of their death or qualifying termination of employment in connection with a “Change in Control” (as
defined in the 2013 Omnibus Employee Incentive Plan). The NYSE Euronext Acquisition did not constitute a
Change in Control of ICE under the terms of the 2013 Omnibus Employee Incentive Plan.
32
ICE began paying a dividend in the fourth quarter of 2013 and on November 12, 2013, the Compensation
Committee approved paying dividend equivalent rights (“DERs”) with respect to all outstanding time-based
restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units denominated in ICE shares issued to officers,
employees and directors of ICE and its subsidiaries, including the restricted stock units and performance-based
restricted stock units held by the NEOs. The DERs entitle holders of restricted stock units and performance-based
restricted stock units to receive cash payments, upon vesting of the related restricted stock units and
performance-based restricted stock units, equal to the amount of dividends that would have been paid on the ICE
shares underlying the restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units during the vesting
period. The DERs are payable in cash and will accumulate and be payable, without interest, only upon vesting of
the underlying restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units, provided that the holder
remains employed with ICE or its subsidiaries through the vesting date. The DERs related to the performance-
based restricted stock units will only be payable with respect to the portion of the performance-based restricted
stock units that is earned by the holder based on the satisfaction of the applicable performance goals.
Benefits and Perquisites
ICE provides medical insurance, life and disability insurance, and other benefits to executives that are
generally available to other employees. For its U.S. executive officers, ICE provides an enhanced term life
insurance benefit (calculated at five times salary less $100,000) and a supplemental disability insurance benefit
that is designed to approximate the total benefit level (60% of eligible compensation) that cannot be provided
pursuant to the limits in our group disability plans ($10,000 per month). Our contributions to these benefits
programs are included in the 2013 All Other Compensation section of the Summary Compensation table below.
As discussed in our 2012 proxy filing, in January 2012, the Compensation Committee approved a Corporate
Aircraft policy which, among other things, included the authorization of up to $75,000 of incremental cost to ICE
for personal use of company-owned or leased aircraft by each of Mr. Sprecher and Mr. Vice. In 2013,
Mr. Sprecher had no such unreimbursed personal use of company-owned aircraft and Mr. Vice incurred $23,138
of such unreimbursed personal use of company-owned aircraft, which is reported in the 2013 Summary
Compensation Table and 2013 All Other Compensation table. Mr. Swann’s employment agreement provides for
an annual car allowance. There were no other perquisites provided to any of our executive officers (other than
Mr. Niederauer) in 2013 that would require disclosure in the Summary Compensation Table.
Retirement Plans
We provide retirement benefits to U.S. corporate officers through a 401(k) retirement plan on the same
terms and conditions as those offered to all ICE employees. Generally, we provide an immediately vested
matching contribution of 100% of the first 5% of employee deferrals of eligible compensation (6% in the case of
Mr. Niederauer, who participates in the NYSE 401(k) plan), subject to Internal Revenue Service limits ($255,000
per individual in 2013). The NYSE 401(k) plan, in which Mr. Niederauer participates, also includes an annual
Retirement Accumulation (“RAP”) contribution. Each eligible employee receives an annual RAP contribution to
his or her account under this 401(k) plan in an amount determined based on age and base earnings (ranging from
3% of base earnings if under age 35 to 6% of base earnings if age 55 or over). Amounts that cannot be
contributed to the executives’ accounts under the 401(k) plan due to applicable Internal Revenue Code limits are
contributed to the executives’ accounts under the Supplemental Executive Savings Plan (“SESP”), which is
discussed later in this filing. Mr. Swann is entitled to join ICE Clear Europe’s non-contributory pension scheme
and ICE Clear Europe will contribute 15% of his annual base salary. We do not offer an active defined benefit
pension plan or any other form of supplemental executive retirement plan.
33
Clawback Policy
We have adopted a compensation recoupment, or “clawback” policy, to permit ICE to seek recovery of
performance-based incentive awards in the event of certain financial statement restatements. The clawback
policy states:
Effective December 9, 2010, it is ICE’s policy that if ICE’s financial statements are required
to be restated due to intentional misconduct and/or fraud, the Compensation Committee will,
when deemed appropriate in its discretion, direct that ICE seek to recover all or a portion of
any affected award made to officers who have engaged in the intentional misconduct and/or
fraud that caused the need for the restatement with respect to any fiscal period of ICE. An
“affected award” includes any cash or equity-based bonus or incentive compensation
payment awarded or given to the employee after the effective date of this policy, and the net
proceeds of any stock options exercised after the effective date of this policy, that were
advantaged by the filing of the financial statements that were required to be restated.
The amount to be recovered from such individual shall be the estimated amount up to which
the affected award exceeded the amount that would have been paid to (or received by) the
employee had ICE’s financial statements been properly stated. The Compensation Committee
has the authority to determine an appropriate recovery amount, if any, under the
circumstances, and whether to initiate or continue pursuing a recovery, based upon factors
consistent with the Compensation Committee’s exercise of its fiduciary duties and the
Compensation Committee’s good faith reliance upon information, opinions or advice from
professional advisors, consultants or experts.
Termination of Employment and Change of Control Payments
We have entered into employment agreements with each of our NEOs, excluding Mr. Niederauer, that
provide benefits upon certain employment terminations (including, for Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill, certain
terminations in connection with a “Change in Control” of ICE). Mr. Swann’s employment agreement does not
contain Change in Control provisions. The terms of these employment agreements are discussed in more detail in
the narrative following the 2013 Summary Compensation Table below. The Compensation Committee believes
that employment agreements with termination and certain Change in Control protections are appropriate and
necessary to attract and retain executive level talent, and to mitigate uncertainty and distraction of our
management team in the event that the employment of any of our NEOs terminates. The Compensation
Committee intends that the terms of NEO employment agreements be consistent with market practice, as
adjusted for our business considerations, and periodically reviews the terms of our NEOs’ employment
agreements compared to market practice. As discussed in our 2012 annual proxy statement, in 2012 the
Compensation Committee revised the employment agreements for Messrs. Sprecher and Vice to, among other
things, remove the Code Section 280G “golden parachute” excise tax gross-up provisions (Mr. Hill’s
employment agreement had been amended to remove this provision in 2010 and Mr. Swann’s employment
agreement did not include this provision) and make certain other changes determined to be appropriate to reflect
market practice and the current needs of our businesses.
The Change in Control protections for Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill require a “double-trigger” (i.e., two
events must occur before any severance payment is made: there must be a Change in Control and the executive
officer’s employment must be involuntarily terminated) before a payment is provided. The Compensation
Committee opted for a “double-trigger,” rather than providing for payments solely on the basis of a Change in
Control because the Compensation Committee believes this to be more consistent with the purpose of
encouraging the continued employment of our NEOs following a Change in Control and with market practices.
Furthermore, the Change in Control provisions provide significant retention value with respect to our NEOs.
34
Mr. Niederauer’s Compensation
Mr. Niederauer’s compensation for 2013 was governed by his employment agreement with NYSE Euronext,
dated March 26, 2012 (which was assumed in the NYSE Euronext Acquisition), and his compensation prior to
the NYSE Euronext Acquisition was provided under NYSE Euronext compensation programs. The terms of his
employment agreement are discussed in more detail in the narrative following the Summary Compensation Table .
Mr. Niederauer’s compensation included an annual base salary of no less than $1 million, a target bonus
opportunity of no less than $5 million and long term incentive grants as described below. Mr. Niederauer’s
employment agreement also provided for the use of a car and driver to be provided by the Company.
On February 6, 2013, Mr. Niederauer received a restricted stock unit award with a grant date value of $3
million under the NYSE Euronext Omnibus Incentive Plan. This award was reduced at Mr. Niederauer’s request
by 50% (or $1.5 million) and the relinquished amount was reallocated to NYSE employees (other than NYSE
named executive officers). Mr. Niederauer also received a performance share unit award on February 6, 2013
with a grant date value of $3 million. In addition, 50% of Mr. Niederauer’s 2012 annual performance bonus was
paid in the form of restricted stock units with a grant date value of $1.675 million. The dollar amounts for these
awards were converted into the number of shares of NYSE Euronext common stock covered by the awards based
on the closing price of a share on February 5, 2013 ($35.22).
The restricted stock unit award is scheduled to vest on the third anniversary of the date of grant and does not
provide for immediate vesting upon a “Change in Control.” On the closing of the NYSE Euronext Acquisition,
the restricted stock unit award was converted into a restricted stock unit award denominated in shares of ICE
Common Stock that is subject to the same vesting schedule as the original restricted stock unit award (subject to
accelerated vesting on specified terminations of employment).
Mr. Niederauer’s performance share unit award represented the right to receive between 0% and 200% of
the shares of NYSE Euronext common stock underlying the award based on NYSE Euronext’s TSR relative to
the TSR of the S&P 500 during the applicable three-year performance period (subject to a $6 million cap). The
performance share units were to vest at the end of the performance period, subject generally to Mr. Niederauer’s
continued employment and the level of achievement of the applicable relative TSR goal. Mr. Niederauer was not
entitled to any accelerated vesting of his performance share units upon a Change in Control and therefore the
award did not vest on the closing of the NYSE Euronext Acquisition. The NYSE Euronext Acquisition
Agreement provided that, upon the closing of the NYSE Euronext Acquisition, the performance criteria for the
performance share unit award granted in 2013 would be deemed attained based on the greater of target (100%) or
actual performance measured as of the last day of the month ending prior to the month of closing. The portion of
the performance share units for which the performance criteria was deemed attained converted into a restricted
stock unit award denominated in shares of ICE Common Stock that is subject to the same vesting schedule as the
performance share unit award (subject to pro-rata accelerated vesting on specified terminations of employment).
On February 10, 2014, ICE, NYSE Euronext Holdings, LLC and Mr. Niederauer entered into an amendment to
Mr. Niederauer’s existing employment agreement. Pursuant to the amended employment agreement, Mr. Niederauer’s
employment term will end on December 31, 2014. ICE and Mr. Niederauer may agree to a transition period beginning
on a mutually agreed date and ending on December 31, 2014, during which Mr. Niederauer will not be obligated to
perform his duties under the employment agreement, except at ICE’s reasonable request at mutually agreed times, and
ICE may appoint another person to perform Mr. Niederauer’s duties.
The amendment also revises certain of Mr. Niederauer’s compensation and severance arrangements under
his existing employment agreement. Pursuant to the amended employment agreement, Mr. Niederauer will
receive a base annual salary of $1 million and will be eligible to receive an annual cash bonus for service during
fiscal years 2013 and 2014 in an amount determined by the Compensation Committee, with a target bonus
amount of at least $5.5 million for each year. Mr. Niederauer will also receive grants of service-based restricted
stock units with an aggregate grant date value of $1 million and performance-based restricted stock units with an
aggregate grant date value of $1 million (at target). All restricted stock units and performance-based restricted
stock units that are granted to Mr. Niederauer pursuant to the amendment will vest on December 31, 2014,
subject to acceleration in certain circumstances. Mr. Niederauer will receive a one-time $13 million cash
severance payment (equal to the cash severance payment to which he would have been entitled if his employment
35
was involuntarily terminated upon the closing of the NYSE Euronext Acquisition) following termination of his
employment for any reason, paid no earlier than the six-month anniversary of the termination date, and his health
and life insurance will continue for two years following termination. The severance payment is subject to the
Internal Revenue Code Section 280G “cutback” described in the narrative following the Summary Compensation
Table.
Mr. Niederauer will also be entitled to additional payments upon specified employment terminations that
occur prior to the end of the employment term, as discussed in more detail in the narrative following the
2013 Summary Compensation Table . If ICE terminates Mr. Niederauer without “Cause” or he resigns for “Good
Reason” (each as defined below), Mr. Niederauer will also be entitled to (i) an annual bonus for the year of
termination, (ii) base salary through December 31, 2014 and (iii) vesting of equity awards as described below. In
the event of a termination due to death or disability, the additional payments will consist of a pro-rated annual
bonus and vesting of equity awards as described below.
On February 27, 2014, the Compensation Committee determined Mr. Niederauer’s annual bonus for 2013 to
be $5.5 million. In determining Mr. Niederauer’s bonus, our Compensation Committee took into account
Mr. Niederauer’s role in the successful completion of the NYSE Euronext Acquisition, his contributions to our
integration efforts during the post-merger period of 2013, and input received from NYSE Euronext’s
Compensation Committee prior to the NYSE Euronext Acquisition.
Stock Ownership Guidelines, Retention Requirements and Insider Trading Policy
Stock Ownership Guidelines
The Compensation Committee believes that it is in the best interests of stockholders for ICE’s executives
and directors to own a significant amount of ICE Common Stock. Moreover, a meaningful direct ownership stake
by our executives and directors demonstrates to our other investors and stockholders a strong alignment of
interests and commitment to ICE’s success, and also provides a structural mechanism to discourage our
executives from taking inappropriate business risks. Accordingly, ICE’s Stock Ownership Policy is applicable to
all ICE officers (including all of the NEOs and including Mr. Niederauer) and directors, and requires the
following level of ownership (expressed as a multiple of base salary for executives and a multiple of annual cash
retainer for directors):
Position Ownership Multiple
Average NEO Stock
Ownership Multiple of
Base Salary*
Chief Executive Officer 10 times base salary 232 times
Presidents 4 times base salary 18 times (Vice and Niederauer)
C-Level Executives and Senior
Vice Presidents
2 times base salary 10 times (Hill and Swann)
Vice Presidents and any other
corporate officers
1 times base salary Not Applicable
Members of the Board of Directors
of ICE
5 times annual cash retainer Not Applicable
* As defined in the Stock Ownership Policy and summarized above as of the record date.
In establishing the ownership multiple, the Compensation Committee considered information about
ownership multiples at its peer companies and recommendations from third-party groups such as Institutional
Shareholder Services (or ISS) and its external compensation consultant. “Ownership,” for purposes of this Stock
Ownership Policy, includes: (i) shares of ICE Common Stock that are owned outright (including those held by a
spouse or dependent children), (ii) vested “in-the-money” stock options, and (iii) unvested restricted stock,
restricted stock units and any deferred vested restricted stock units that are not subject to any performance-based
vesting metric. All unvested stock options, “underwater” stock options and unearned performance-based equity
36
awards do not count towards the ownership targets. A newly appointed corporate officer will have five years
from his or her date of hire or appointment as an officer to comply with this Stock Ownership Policy and a new
director will have three years from his or her date of joining the Board of Directors to comply with this Stock
Ownership Policy. The Compensation Committee will monitor the ownership levels of its executives and
directors during this transition period.
The Compensation Committee monitors the stock ownership levels of our officers and directors on at least
an annual basis. In the event of a corporate officer or director’s noncompliance with ICE’s stock ownership
policy, the Compensation Committee will review the facts and circumstances regarding the noncompliance and
will use its discretion in determining the appropriate corrective actions and/or penalties. Such corrective actions
and penalties include, but are not limited to, instructing the officer or director to buy shares of our Common
Stock in the open market to comply with the Stock Ownership Policy, reducing or eliminating future equity
grants to the officer or director until they comply with the Stock Ownership Policy or issuing a warning to the
officer or director. To date, there have been no instances of noncompliance with the Stock Ownership Policy.
Retention Requirements
To facilitate meeting the minimum holding requirements as specified in this Stock Ownership Policy in a
timely fashion, the Compensation Committee recommends that all corporate officers and directors retain a
minimum of 50% of the net value of shares obtained pursuant to each stock option exercise and the vesting of
restricted shares for all future grants of stock options or restricted stock until such corporate officer or director
has satisfied the minimum stock ownership targets for his or her position. Further, the Compensation Committee
recommends that for all grants of stock options or restricted stock after 2012 to the Chief Executive Officer, the
Chief Executive Officer should retain a minimum of 50% of the net value of each stock option exercise and
vesting of restricted shares for three years beyond the applicable exercise or vesting date.
Insider Trading Policy
In addition, as discussed above, our Insider Trading Policy prohibits employees and directors from entering
into hedging transactions in our securities, as well as pledging our securities.
Policy on Deductibility of Compensation
Section 162(m) of the Code generally provides that publicly held companies may not deduct compensation
paid to certain of its top executive officers to the extent that such compensation exceeds $1 million per officer in
a calendar year. Compensation that is “performance-based compensation” within the meaning of the Code does
not count toward the $1 million limit. Performance-based compensation paid under a plan that has been approved
by ICE’s stockholders is excluded from the $1 million limit if, among other requirements, the compensation is
payable only upon attainment of pre-established, objective performance goals and the Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors that establishes such goals consists only of “outside directors” (as defined for purposes
of Section 162(m)).
Our policy is to strive to maximize the deductibility of executive compensation so long as the deductibility
is compatible with the more important objectives of retaining executives and maintaining competitive
performance-based compensation that is aligned with strategic business objectives, and accordingly the
Compensation Committee retains discretion to award compensation that exceeds deductibility limitations if it
deems appropriate in the circumstances. To effect this policy, we currently maintain two primary incentive plans
(the 2013 Omnibus Employee Incentive Plan and the Executive Bonus Plan, which were approved by
stockholders in 2013 and 2009, respectively) used for awards to our named executive officers and designed to be
compliant with Section 162(m) in order to preserve ICE’s ability to provide compensation that is “performance-
based” within the meaning of the Code and therefore preserve ICE’s ability to maximize the deductibility of
executive compensation.
37
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
2013 Summary Compensation Table
The following table presents information relating to the compensation earned by the NEOs for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011.
Name and Principal Position Year
Salary
($)
Bonus
($)(5)
Stock
Awards ($)
(1)
Stock
Option
Awards ($)
(2)
Non-Equity
Incentive Plan
Compensation ($)
(3)
All Other
Compensation ($)
(4) Total ($)
Jeffrey C. Sprecher ........... 2013 1,050,000 — 13,674,765 1,249,977 1,974,000 32,728 17,981,469
Chairman and Chief Executive 2012 1,050,000 — 3,749,682 1,249,987 2,026,500 279,918 8,356,087
Officer 2011 1,041,667 — 2,813,940 1,385,970 2,289,000 25,255 7,555,832
Scott A. Hill ................ 2013 635,227 875,000 4,462,202 624,969 987,000 22,326 7,606,724
Chief Financial Officer 2012 625,000 — 1,874,841 624,966 904,688 22,076 4,051,571
2011 616,667 — 1,004,922 494,954 993,750 21,391 3,131,684
Charles A. Vice ............. 2013 750,000 875,000 5,197,255 874,980 1,233,750 44,591 8,975,576
President and Chief Operating 2012 750,000 — 2,624,778 874,953 1,266,563 57,866 5,574,160
Officer 2011 733,333 — 1,339,949 659,939 1,391,250 21,494 4,145,966
Duncan L. Niederauer ......... 2013 1,000,000 — 6,174,823 — 5,500,000 458,756 13,133,579
President of ICE and CEO,
NYSE
Paul Swann ................. 2013 917,963 931,572 3,359,787 249,972 929,923 162,499 6,551,717
President & Managing Director,
ICE Clear Europe
(1) The amounts in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of all restricted stock unit grants in
2013, calculated in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 718, or ASC Topic 718 on
the grant date, which is equal to our closing price on the grant date times the number of performance-based
restricted stock units projected to be earned based on the probable outcome of the EBITDA performance
condition, less a reduction on performance-based award fair value based on the probability that the TSR
market condition is not achieved. Amounts shown are for performance-based restricted stock unit awards
that were granted in January 2013 (for calendar year 2013), November 2013 (one-time merger-related
award), January 2012 (for calendar year 2012) and January 2011 (for calendar year 2011). Additional
information regarding the 2013 grants is described in the “Equity Compensation” section of the
Compensation Discussion & Analysis, footnote 2 of the “2013 Grants of Plan-Based Awards” table and
Note 9 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for 2013 (filed with our Annual Report on Form 10-K). If
the maximum level of performance were achieved, the reported amounts would equal $17,849,535,
$6,430,750, $7,900,855, $9,174,823 and $4,225,920 for each of Messrs. Sprecher, Hill, Vice, Niederauer
and Swann. The 2012 and 2011 values reported in this column in the proxy statement for our 2013 annual
meeting reflected the grant date value of the actual number of performance-based restricted stock unit
awards earned for each year based on our actual 2012 EBITDA performance (for calendar year 2012) and
2011 EBITDA performance (for calendar year 2011). For Mr. Niederauer, as discussed in the “Mr.
Niederauer’s Compensation” section of the Compensation Discussion & Analysis, 2013 restricted stock unit
and performance share unit awards were granted under the NYSE Euronext Omnibus Incentive Plan (the
“NYSE Omnibus Plan”) in February 2013, and upon closing of the NYSE Euronext Acquisition converted
into time-vested ICE restricted stock unit awards.
(2) The amounts in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of all stock option grants in the
calendar year. Additional details of the 2013 stock option awards are included in the “Equity
Compensation” section of the Compensation Discussion & Analysis and footnote 1 of the “2013 Grants of
Plan-Based Awards” table. These values were calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 on the
date of grant using the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate 0.53%; expected life 4 years; expected
volatility 37.1%; and expected dividend yield 0%, as further described in Note 9 to our Consolidated
Financial Statements for 2013 (filed with our Annual Report on Form 10-K). For the January 2012 grants,
the assumptions used to calculate fair value at the grant date were different from the assumptions used for
year-end financial reporting purposes.
38
(3) The amounts in this column represent fiscal year 2011 through 2013 cash bonus awards that were paid in
February of the following calendar year. For 2013, during February 2014 the NEOs (other than
Mr. Niederauer) were paid the amounts reported in the 2013 row of the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation” column under the Executive Bonus Plan, or EBP. Mr. Niederauer’s bonus was paid during
February 2014 in accordance with the terms of NYSE Euronext Omnibus Incentive Plan, which was
approved by former shareholders of NYSE Euronext. Please see further discussion of these amounts in the
“Annual Bonus” and “Mr. Niederauer’s Compensation” sections of the Compensation Discussion &
Analysis and footnote 3 of the “2013 Grants of Plan-Based Awards” table.
(4) The amounts in this column represent the items in the 2013 All Other Compensation table below.
(5) The amounts listed in this column represent bonuses paid upon the closing of the NYSE Acquisition on
November 13, 2013. For Mr. Swann an amount paid in GBP converted to USD using the 12/31/2013
conversion rate of 1.6488. Please see further discussion of these amounts in the “Annual Bonus” section of
the Compensation Discussion & Analysis.
2013 All Other Compensation
The following table provides details regarding the perquisites received by each of the NEOs, as well as the
other elements of compensation listed in the “All Other Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation
Table, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013.
Name
401(k) Matching/
UK Pension Plan
Contributions ($)(1)
Life Insurance
Premiums ($)(2)
Disability Insurance
Premiums ($)(3)
Other Amounts
($) (4)(5)(6) Total ($)
Jeffrey C. Sprecher ......... 12,750 8,858 11,120 — 32,728
Scott A. Hill ............... 12,750 7,944 1,632 — 22,326
Charles A. Vice ............ 12,750 6,178 2,525 23,138 44,591
Duncan L. Niederauer ....... 27,550 2,856 6,616 421,734 458,756
Paul Swann ............... 137,695 2,152 6,824 15,828 162,499
(1) The amounts in this column for Messrs. Sprecher, Hill and Vice represent fiscal year 2013 matching
contributions under our 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan. The matching formula is 100% of the first 5% of the
eligible employee’s compensation contributed to the 401(k) Plan, subject to plan and statutory limits. Each
NEO participates under the same terms and conditions as all other eligible employees. The amount for
Mr. Niederauer reflects a matching formula of 100% of the first 6% of his compensation contributed to the
NYSE 401(k) Plan, subject to plan and statutory limits. Mr. Niederauer’s figure also includes a contribution
under the NYSE Euronext Retirement Accumulation Plan (“RAP”), pursuant to which each eligible
employee received an annual RAP contribution to his or her account under the NYSE Euronext 401(k) plan
in an amount determined based on age and base earnings (ranging from 3% of base earnings if under age 35
to 6% of base earnings if age 55 or over). The amount for Mr. Swann represents the company contribution
paid into his personal pension plan converted from GBP to USD as of 12/31/2013 at a rate of 1.6488.
(2) The amounts in this column represent fiscal year 2013 payments of term life insurance policy premiums.
(3) The amounts in this column represent fiscal year 2013 payments of supplemental disability insurance policy
premiums.
(4) The amount listed for Mr. Vice represents the incremental cost of personal use of corporate aircraft during
2013. This amount was calculated based on the variable operating costs to ICE for each flight hour
attributed to personal use (as well as any flight hours attributable to empty pick-up or return flights),
including fuel costs; labor, parts, and maintenance costs; landing and parking fees; on-board catering costs;
and crew expenses. These per-hour costs were determined by using industry-standard cost-estimating
guides. Since our aircraft is used primarily for business travel, we do not include the fixed costs that do not
change based on usage, such as crew salaries, pilot training, depreciation, hangar rent and insurance. In
addition to the incremental cost of personal aircraft use reported above, we also impute taxable income to
39
the named executive officers for any personal aircraft use in accordance with Internal Revenue Service
regulations and ICE does not provide tax reimbursements, or “gross-ups,” on these amounts.
(5) The amount listed for Mr. Niederauer includes dividend equivalents ($313,863), employer RAP
contribution, that cannot be contributed to the 401(k) plan due to applicable Internal Revenue Code limits,
to the SESP ($37,750), and imputed income related to personal use of a company-provided car and driver
($70,121).
(6) The amount listed for Mr. Swann represents a car allowance converted from GBP to USD as of 12/31/2013
at a rate of 1.6488.
2013 Grants of Plan-Based Awards
The following table presents information relating to equity awards granted to the NEOs in fiscal year 2013.
References in the table to “2009 OIP” refer to the 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan, “2013 OIP” refer to the 2013
Omnibus Employee Incentive Plan, “NYSE Euronext OIP” refer to the NYSE Euronext Omnibus Incentive Plan,
and “EBP” refer to the Executive Bonus Plan.
Name
Grant Date
and Approval
Date
Estimated Future Payouts
Under Non-Equity Incentive
Plan Awards
Estimated Future
Payouts Under Equity
Incentive
Plan Awards
All Other
Option
Awards:
Number of
Shares of
Stock or
Units
(#)
Exercise
or Base
Price of
Option
Awards
($/Sh)
Grant
Date
Fair
Value
of
Stock
and
Option
Awards
($)
Threshold
($)
Target
($)
Max
($)
Threshold
(#)
Target
(#)
Max
(#)
Jeffrey C. Sprecher
2009 OIP .............. 1/11/2013(1) 32,543 129.36 1,249,977
2009 OIP .............. 1/11/2013(2) 14,494 28,988 57,976
2013 OIP .............. 11/13/2013(3) 25,020 50,040 52,542
E B P................... ( 4 ) N / A 2,100,000 N/A
Scott A. Hill ............
2009 OIP .............. 1/11/2013(1) 16,271 129.36 624,969
2009 OIP .............. 1/11/2013(2) 7,247 14,494 28,988
2013 OIP .............. 11/13/2013(3) 6,568 13,135 13,792
E B P................... ( 4 ) N / A 1,050,000 N/A
Charles A. Vice .........
2009 OIP .............. 1/11/2013(1) 22,780 129.36 874,980
2009 OIP .............. 1/11/2013(2) 10,146 20,292 40,584
2013 OIP .............. 11/13/2013(3) 6,568 13,135 13,792
E B P................... ( 4 ) N / A 1,312,500 N/A
Duncan L. Niederauer ....
NYSE Euronext OIP ..... 2/6/2013(5) 14,533 19,378 38,756
NYSE Euronext OIP ..... 2/6/2013(5) N/A 10,819 N/A
NYSE Euronext OIP ..... 2/6/2013(5) N/A 9,688 N/A
NYSE Euronext OIP ..... ( 4 ) N / A 5,500,000 N/A
Paul Swann .............
2009 OIP .............. 1/11/2013(1) 6,508 129.36 249,972
2009 OIP .............. 1/11/2013(2) 2,899 5,797 11,594
2013 OIP .............. 11/13/2013(3) 6,568 13,135 13,792
E B P................... ( 4 ) N / A 989,280 N/A
(1) Represents stock options granted on January 11, 2013. These values were calculated in accordance with
FASB ASC Topic 718 on the date of grant. Please see note 2 of our Summary Compensation Table for
additional discussion of these grants.
(2) Represents performance-based restricted stock units granted on January 11, 2013 with a three year vesting
schedule (33.3% vesting upon approval of 2013 actual performance compared to the targets, and 33.3% on
each of the first business days in January 2015 and January 2016). The number of shares issued is
40
determined based on the accomplishment of a 2013 financial target as well as the company’s total
shareholder return relative to the S&P 500 index. Please see the “Equity Compensation” section of the
Compensation Discussion & Analysis for additional discussion of this grant. The grant date fair value of this
award was calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718, and such accounting is further described in Note 9
to our Consolidated Financial Statements for 2013 (filed with our Annual Report on Form 10-K). The actual
performance-based restricted stock units earned based on 2013 performance were: Mr. Sprecher: 22,407
shares; Mr. Hill: 11,203 shares; Mr. Vice: 15,685 shares; and Mr. Swann: 4,481 shares.
(3) Represents performance-based restricted stock units granted on November 13, 2013. Please see the “Equity
Compensation” section of the Compensation Discussion & Analysis for additional discussion of this grant.
(4) Represents full-year target bonus payout levels. Bonus targets as a percentage of salary for 2013 were as
follows: 200% of salary for Mr. Sprecher, 175% of salary for Mr. Vice, 150% of salary for Mr. Hill, and
100% for Mr. Swann. Actual awards granted in any given year may range from no payout to bonus
payments above the established target levels, in accordance with the terms of the Executive Bonus Plan (for
NEOs other than Mr. Niederauer) and the NYSE Omnibus Incentive Plan (for Mr. Niederauer). For fiscal
year 2013, the Compensation Committee authorized the following cash payments, pursuant to the Executive
Bonus Plan (for NEOs other than Mr. Niederauer) and the NYSE Omnibus Incentive Plan (for
Mr. Niederauer): Mr. Sprecher: $1,974,000, Mr. Hill: $987,000, Mr. Vice: $1,233,750, Mr. Swann:
$929,923, and Mr. Niederauer: $5,500,000.
(5) Represents restricted stock units and performance share units granted to Mr. Niederauer on February 6,
2013. Upon the closing of the NYSE Euronext Acquisition, the restricted stock unit award was converted
into a restricted stock unit award denominated in shares of ICE Common Stock that is subject to the same
vesting schedule as the original award. Upon the closing of the NYSE Euronext Acquisition, the portion of
the performance share units for which the performance criteria was deemed attained (the greater of target
(100%) or actual performance measured as of the last day of the month ending prior to the month of closing)
was converted into a restricted stock unit award denominated in shares of ICE Common Stock that is subject
to the same vesting schedule as the performance share unit award. The actual performance-based restricted
stock units earned based on 2013 performance for Mr. Niederauer was 29,299 shares. Please see the “Mr.
Niederauer’s Compensation” section of the Compensation Discussion & Analysis for additional discussion
of these grants.
41
Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End
The following table presents information relating to outstanding equity awards held by the NEOs for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, based on the closing price of $224.92 for our Common Stock on the NYSE
on December 31, 2013. References in the table to “2000 SOP” refer to the 2000 Stock Option Plan, “2009 OIP”
refer to the 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan, “2013 OIP” refer to the 2013 Omnibus Employee Incentive Plan, and
“NYSE Euronext OIP” refer to the NYSE Euronext Omnibus Incentive Plan.
Option Awards Stock Awards
Name
Grant
Date
Number of
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised
Options
(# Exercisable)(1)
Number of
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised
Options
(# Unexercisable)(1)
Option
Exercise
Price
($)
Option
Expiration
Date
Number
of Shares
or Units
of Stock
That
Have Not
Vested (#)
Market
Value of
Shares or
Units of
Stock That
Have Not
Vested ($)(2)
Equity Incentive
Plan Awards:
Number of
Unearned
Shares, Units or
Other
Rights That
Have Not
Vested (#)
Equity Incentive
Plan Awards:
Market or
Payout Value of
Unearned
Shares, Units or
Other
Rights That
Have Not
Vested ($)
Jeffrey C. Sprecher
2000 SOP ............ 12/22/2006 36,802 — 104.23 12/22/2016
2000 SOP 12/28/2007 14,550 — 189.43 12/28/2017
2000 SOP ............ 12/16/2008 27,432 — 80.17 12/16/2018
2009 OIP 12/10/2009 26,672 — 106.00 12/10/2019
2009 OIP ............. 1/11/2011 21,216 627 112.48 1/11/2021
2009 OIP 1/17/2012 14,741 8,330 112.15 1/17/2022
2009 OIP ............. 1/11/2013 — 32,543 129.36 1/11/2023
2009 OIP 1/11/2011(3) 11,896 2,675,648
2009 OIP ............. 1/17/2012(4) 17,127 3,852,205
2009 OIP 1/11/2013(5) 22,407 5,039,782
2013 OIP ............. 11/13/2013(6) 50,040 11,254,997
Scott A. Hill
2000 SOP 5/14/2007 2,578 — 138.80 5/14/2017
200z0 SOP ........... 12/28/2007 5,560 — 189.43 12/28/2017
2000 SOP 12/16/2008 6,946 — 80.17 12/16/2018
2009 OIP ............. 12/10/2009 9,862 — 106.00 12/10/2019
2009 OIP 1/11/2011 7,894 224 112.48 1/11/2021
2009 OIP ............. 1/17/2012 7,370 4,165 112.15 1/17/2022
2009 OIP 1/11/2013 — 16,271 129.36 1/11/2023
2009 OIP ............. 1/11/2011(3) 4,249 955,685
2009 OIP 1/17/2012(4) 8,564 1,926,215
2009 OIP ............. 1/11/2013(5) 11,203 2,519,779
2013 OIP 11/13/2013(6) 13,135 2,954,324
Charles A. Vice
2000 SOP ............ 12/22/2006 10,182 — 104.23 12/22/2016
2000 SOP 12/28/2007 11,120 — 189.43 12/28/2017
2000 SOP ............ 12/16/2008 — — 80.17 12/16/2018
2009 OIP 12/10/2009 12,207 — 106.00 12/10/2019
2009 OIP ............. 1/11/2011 9,636 299 112.48 1/11/2021
2009 OIP 1/17/2012 10,318 5,831 112.15 1/17/2022
2009 OIP ............. 1/11/2013 — 22,780 129.36 1/11/2023
2009 OIP 1/11/2011(3) 5,665 1,274,172
2009 OIP ............. 1/17/2012(4) 11,989 2,696,566
2009 OIP 1/11/2013(5) 15,685 3,527,870
2013 OIP ............. 11/13/2013(6) 13,135 2,954,324
Duncan L. Niederauer . . .
NYSE Euronext OIP 5/1/2012(7) 34,660 7,795,727
NYSE Euronext OIP .... 2/6/2013(8) 29,299 6,589,931
NYSE Euronext OIP 2/6/2013(8) 9,688 2,179,025
Paul Swann
2000 SOP ............ 7/9/2007 2,389 — 156.78 7/9/2017
2000 SOP 12/28/2007 1,110 — 189.43 12/28/2017
2000 SOP ............ 12/16/2008 4,097 — 80.17 12/16/2018
2009 OIP 12/10/2009 4,931 — 106.00 12/10/2019
2009 OIP ............. 1/11/2011 3,946 113 112.48 1/11/2021
2009 OIP 1/17/2012 2,210 1,250 112.15 1/17/2022
2009 OIP ............. 1/11/2013 — 6,508 129.36 1/11/2023
2009 OIP 1/11/2011(3) 2,124 477,730
2009 OIP ............. 1/17/2012(4) 2,569 577,819
2009 OIP 1/11/2013(5) 4,481 1,007,867
2013 OIP ............. 11/13/2013(6) 13,135 2,954,324
(1) Stock options granted after 2006 vest over a three-year period (33.33% on the one-year anniversary of the
grant date and the balance vesting ratably on a monthly basis over the remaining 24 months). Stock options
granted through 2006 vest over a four-year period (25% on the one-year anniversary date of the grant date
and the balance vesting ratably on a monthly basis over the remaining 36 months).
42
(2) Market value of stock awards is calculated based on the closing price of our Common Stock on the NYSE
on December 31, 2013 ($224.92) times the number of shares or units of stock that have not vested.
(3) Represents performance-based restricted stock units granted on January 11, 2011 and earned based on the
achievement of 2011 financial performance vs. a pre-established target, as well as performance of ICE’s
Common Stock vs. the S&P 500 Index. These restricted stock units vest and are settled over a three-year
period (33.3% upon approval of 2011 actual performance compared to the target, and 33.3% on each of the
first business days in January 2013 and 2014). Payout values reflect actual performance, which was 139.8%
of the target performance level.
(4) Represents performance-based restricted stock units granted on January 17, 2012 and earned based on the
achievement of 2012 financial performance vs. a pre-established target, as well as performance of ICE’s
Common Stock vs. the S&P 500 Index. These restricted stock units vest and are settled over a three-year
period (33.3% upon approval of 2012 actual performance compared to the target, and 33.3% on each of the
first business days in January 2014 and 2015). Payout values reflect actual performance, which was 75.3%
of the target performance level.
(5) Represents performance-based restricted stock units granted on January 11, 2013 and earned based on the
achievement of 2013 financial performance vs. a pre-established target, as well as performance of ICE’s
Common Stock vs. the S&P 500 Index. These restricted stock units vest and are settled over a three-year
period (33.3% upon approval of 2013 actual performance compared to the target, and 33.3% on each of the
first business days in January 2015 and 2016). Payout values reflect actual performance, which was 77.3%
of the target performance level.
(6) Represents one-time performance-based restricted stock units granted on November 13, 2013 that will be
earned based on the achievement of a minimum cumulative EBITDA, subject to adjustment to reflect ICE’s
actual 2013 EBITDA attributable to the Euronext business, over the three-year period from 2014 – 2016,
then the number of performance-based restricted stock units that will be earned by the grantees will be
determined based on ICE’s achievement of a certain performance metric relative to a target performance
level. The performance metric applicable to these performance-based restricted stock units is ICE’s
cumulative consolidated EBITDA over the performance period, divided by ICE’s headcount as of
January 1, 2017. At the end of the performance period, the number of performance-based restricted stock
units that are earned by a grantee will range from 0% to 105% of his or her target award, depending on the
level of performance achieved by ICE. These performance-based restricted stock units vest, if earned, on
February 15, 2017.
(7) Represents performance share units granted to Mr. Niederauer on May 1, 2012. Upon the closing of the
NYSE Euronext Acquisition, the portion of the performance share units for which the performance criteria
was deemed attained (the greater of target (100%) or actual performance measured as of the last day of the
month ending prior to the month of closing) was converted into a restricted stock unit award denominated in
shares of ICE Common Stock that is subject to the same vesting schedule as the original NYSE performance
share unit award.
(8) Represents restricted stock units and performance share units granted to Mr. Niederauer on February 6,
2013. Upon the closing of the NYSE Euronext Acquisition, the restricted stock unit award was converted
into a restricted stock unit award denominated in shares of ICE Common Stock that is subject to the same
vesting schedule as the original award, and the performance share unit award was converted, as described in
footnote 7 above, into a restricted stock unit award denominated in shares of ICE Common Stock. Please see
the “Mr. Niederauer’s Compensation” section of the Compensation Discussion & Analysis for additional
discussion of this grant.
43
Option Exercises and Stock Vested During 2013
The following table presents information relating to stock option awards exercised and stock awards vested,
respectively, during fiscal year 2013 for the NEOs.
Option Awards Exercised in 2013 Stock Awards Vested in 2013
Name
Number of Shares
Acquired on Exercise
Value Realized on
Exercise ($)(1)
Number of Shares
Acquired on
Vesting(2)
Value Realized on
Vesting
($)(3)
Jeffrey C. Sprecher ............... 1,832 147,694 32,121 4,167,669
Scott A. Hill ..................... 2,548 213,150 13,627 1,834,869
Charles A. Vice .................. 4,763 89,104 17,214 2,294,708
Duncan L. Niederauer ............. — — 69,648 13,902,396
Paul Swann ..................... — — 6,423 862,778
(1) The amounts in this column are calculated by multiplying the number of shares acquired on exercise by the
difference between the fair market value of our Common Stock on the date of exercise and the exercise
price of the stock options.
(2) These shares represent performance-based restricted stock units initially granted on December 10,
2009, January 11, 2011 and January 17, 2012, that vested in 2013.
(3) The amounts in this column are calculated by multiplying the number of shares that in each case vested
during 2013 by the fair market value of our Common Stock on the vesting date.
2013 Nonqualified Defined Contribution and Other Deferred Compensation Plans
As a result of the NYSE Euronext Acquisition, we currently maintain a defined contribution style non-
qualified arrangement, the Supplemental Executive Savings Plan (“SESP”), in which Mr. Niederauer is the only
NEO that participates. The SESP allows for employee contributions above 401(k) limits imposed under the
Internal Revenue Code. While the Company does not make employer matching contributions to the SESP, the
Company does make RAP contributions to the SESP that cannot be contributed to the executives’ accounts under
the 401(k) plan due to applicable Internal Revenue Code limits. We do not otherwise maintain any nonqualified
defined contribution plans or active nonqualified deferred compensation plans, such as a supplemental executive
retirement plan, 401(k) excess plan, or other vehicles to defer the receipt of cash or equity compensation.
The following table presents information relating to the nonqualified defined contribution and other deferred
compensation plans during fiscal year 2013 for the NEOs.
Name
Executive
Contributions in
2013 ($)(1)
Employer
Contributions
in 2013 ($)(2)
Aggregate
Earnings
in 2013
($)(3)
Aggregate
Withdrawals/
Distributions
in 2013 ($)
Aggregate
Balance
at
12/31/13
($)
Duncan L. Niederauer ................... 44,700 37,750 111 — 594,904
(1) Represents salary deferred under the SESP. This amount appeared in the 2013 Summary Compensation
Table as “Salary” for 2013.
(2) Represents Retirement Accumulation Plan (“RAP”) contributions made by NYSE Euronext. Each eligible
employee received an annual RAP contribution to his or her account under the NYSE Euronext 401(k) plan
in an amount determined based on age and base earnings (ranging from 3% of base earnings if under age 35
to 6% of base earnings if age 55 or over). Amounts that could not be contributed to Mr. Niederauer’s
account under the NYSE Euronext 401(k) plan due to applicable Internal Revenue Code limits were
contributed to his account under the SESP.
(3) These earnings consist primarily of market gains and losses as well as dividends paid on equity investments.
44
Employment Agreements and Other Factors Affecting 2013 Compensation
We have entered into, or in the case of Mr. Niederauer, assumed employment agreements with each of the
NEOs that contain provisions that govern compensation in the event of termination for cause, termination by ICE
unrelated to a change in control, and, in the case of Messrs. Sprecher, Vice, Hill and Niederauer, termination by
ICE after a change in control. The material provisions regarding the employment agreements and the provisions
governing these termination scenarios are described below.
As discussed in our 2012 proxy filing, ICE entered into revised employment agreements with
Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill in February 2012. Among other modifications, the revisions (1) removed the
Code Section 280G excise tax gross-up provision from the revised employment agreements for each executive
other than Mr. Hill (whose employment agreement had previously been amended to remove this provision);
(2) changed the calculation for the “bonus” portion of each executive’s cash severance amount from a fixed
percentage of base salary to a formula based on the executive’s actual bonus payments; (3) clarified treatment of
the executive’s equity awards, in each case, as paid or provided in connection with termination of employment by
ICE other than for “cause” or the executive’s resignation for “good reason” (each as defined below);
(4) increased the time period for eligibility for “change in control” severance treatment for a qualifying
employment termination to 180 days from 90 days preceding a change in control; (5) modified the “good reason”
definition to include the failure of ICE’s successor to assume the executive’s employment agreement and the
receipt of a notice of non-renewal of the employment agreement term during the three years following a “change
in control”; and (6) updated the salary of Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill (as described in our 2012 proxy filing).
Term of Employment
The employment agreements for Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill provide for an initial employment term of
three years, which will be automatically extended every six months during the term of each agreement so that the
remaining term of the agreement is never more than three years or less than two and a half years, unless either
ICE or the executive, prior to the date of extension, give written notice to the other that there will be no
extension. The effect of this provision is to ensure that the term remaining under any of these agreements is never
more than the initial term and never less than six months less than the initial term. The employment agreement
for Mr. Swann and the original employment agreement for Mr. Niederauer do not provide for fixed employment
terms.
Base and Bonus Compensation
The employment agreements for each of Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill provide for an initial annual base
salary, subject to increase, and an annual bonus that is reasonable in light of his contribution for that year and
contributions made by and bonuses paid to ICE’s other senior executives for such year. Mr. Swann’s
employment agreement provides for an initial annual base salary and discretionary bonus. In addition, each of
Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill is also entitled to receive, from time to time, grants of awards under our equity
plans, in each case as determined by the Compensation Committee or by the Board of Directors as a whole.
Mr. Niederauer’s original employment agreement, in effect during 2013, provides for an annual base salary
of no less than $1 million and a target bonus opportunity of no less than $5 million. In addition, the employment
agreement provides for restricted stock unit and performance share unit awards in each of 2013, 2014 and 2015,
where the target for each restricted stock unit award is a number of restricted stock units with a grant date fair
market value equal to $3 million, subject to discretionary adjustment, and the grant date fair market value of each
performance share unit award is equal to $3 million.
Pension
Mr. Swann is entitled to join ICE Clear Europe’s non-contributory pension scheme and ICE Clear Europe
will contribute 15% of his annual base salary.
45
Perquisites
Mr. Swann’s employment agreement provides for an annual car allowance. Mr. Niederauer’s employment
agreement provides for his use of a car and driver to be provided by ICE.
Non-competition
Each of Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill agrees under his employment agreement that for the term of his
employment agreement or, if less, for the one-year period which starts on the date that his employment
terminates, he will not assume or perform any managerial or supervisory responsibilities and duties that are
substantially the same as those that he performs for ICE for any other business entity that engages in operating
global commodity and financial products marketplaces for the trading of physical commodities, futures contracts,
options contracts, and other derivative instruments, providing risk management tools and clearing services,
providing brokerage services, and providing market data relating to these services in which ICE is engaged as of
the date of termination of the executive’s employment or in which ICE proposes to engage under its business
plan as in effect on such date, if any site of any of the offices or equipment of such competitive business is
located in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom or Singapore.
Mr. Swann is employed by ICE Clear Europe in the U.K., and his employment agreement is governed by
U.K. law. Mr. Swann agrees under his employment agreement that for a period of six months beginning on the
date of termination (or the first day of a garden leave), he will not carry on or be interested in any part of any
trade or business which is owned, operated or otherwise controlled directly or indirectly by Nymex Holdings,
Inc., Nymex, Inc., New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., Nymex Europe Limited, Commodity Exchange, Inc. or
any of their respective affiliates. Mr. Swann is restricted during the one-month period following his termination
date from soliciting or accepting instructions (i) from customers jointly with ICE Clear Europe, (ii) in respect of
business which would reasonably be expected to be performed by ICE or its affiliates on behalf of a customer or
prospective customer with whom Mr. Swann was involved during the twelve-month period prior to the
termination or (iii) in respect of services that are the same or similar to and in competition with the business of
ICE Clear Europe in which he was engaged in his capacity as an employee of ICE Clear Europe within the period
of twelve months prior to the termination.
Mr. Niederauer agrees under his employment agreement that for the one-year period beginning on the date
of termination, he will not render services to, act as an employee, partner or independent contractor of or serve as
a board member on any board of directors of any securities exchange, electronic communications network or
other such entity or similar direct seller of market data in the financial services business, whose business
competes with the businesses of ICE or its majority-owned subsidiaries, in North America or Europe as such
businesses were being conducted, or which ICE was actively planning to enter, on the date of termination of
Mr. Niederauer’s employment.
The employment agreements provide that each executive may own 5% or less (in the case of
Mr. Niederauer, less than 5%) of the stock of a publicly traded company that engages in such competitive
business (or Nymex entity, in the case of Mr. Swann), so long as they are only passive investors and are not
actively involved in such company in any way.
Non-solicitation
Each of Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill is restricted from soliciting, for the purpose of competing with ICE
or its affiliates, any of its customers or customers of its affiliates with whom the executive had contact,
knowledge or association (i) at any time during the executive’s employment with ICE or its affiliates and (ii) at
any time during the twenty-four month period immediately preceding the beginning of the “restricted period.”
“Restricted period” means the term of the executive’s employment agreement, including after termination of
employment, the remainder of the term of the agreement without regard to the reason for the executive’s
termination of employment (as such initial term may have been extended under the agreement). Mr. Swann is
restricted during the two-month period beginning on his termination date (or the first day of a garden leave) from
46
interfering with the supply of goods or services to ICE Clear Europe, ICE or its affiliates. Mr. Niederauer is
restricted from soliciting any third party to terminate the party’s business relationship with ICE or otherwise
interfering with any business or contractual relationship of ICE during the one-year period beginning on his
termination date.
Each of Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill is restricted from soliciting, for the purpose of competing with ICE
or its affiliates, any other officer, employee or independent contractor of ICE or its affiliates with whom the
executive had contact, knowledge or association (i) at any time during the executive’s employment with ICE or
its affiliates and (ii) at any time during the twelve-month period immediately preceding the beginning of the
“restricted period,” to terminate his employment or business relationship with ICE or its affiliates. Mr. Swann is
restricted during the twelve-month period beginning on his termination date (or the first day of a garden leave)
from soliciting any person who, during the twelve-month period preceding Mr. Swann’s termination date, was
employed by ICE Clear Europe, ICE or its affiliates as a senior manager or reported directly to a senior manager
and earned a base salary of over £35,000. Mr. Niederauer is restricted during the one-year period beginning on
his termination date from soliciting any person who is, at the time of the solicitation, or was during the previous
six months, employed by ICE to terminate his or her employment relationship with ICE.
Confidentiality Provisions
Each of Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill is subject to customary confidentiality provisions during the term
of employment and for a five year period after termination, and each executive must not use or disclose any of
ICE’s trade secrets for as long as they remain trade secrets. Mr. Swann is subject to customary confidentiality
provisions during and after the term of employment and must not use or disclose trade secrets of ICE Clear
Europe or its affiliates during or after the term of employment.
Termination for Cause or Executive Resignation Other than for Good Reason
For Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill, if ICE terminates the executive for “Cause,” as such term is defined
below, if any such executive resigns other than for “Good Reason,” as such term is defined below, or if the
executive’s employment terminates as a result of his death or disability, ICE must pay the executive, among
other benefits, all accrued but unpaid salary, annual bonus, if any, and unreimbursed expenses. If an executive’s
employment terminates as a result of his death, any unvested stock options, unvested restricted stock units and
unvested performance share units will become immediately vested.
Mr. Niederauer’s original employment agreement, which was in effect during 2013, provides that upon a
termination for any reason, ICE must pay him, among other benefits, all accrued but unpaid salary, earned but
unpaid annual bonus, if any, and payment in respect of accrued but unused vacation days. On termination of
employment due to his death, he is also entitled to a pro-rated annual bonus and accelerated vesting and
distribution with respect to his equity compensation awards on the same terms as on a termination unrelated to a
Change in Control, as described below.
Termination by ICE Unrelated to a Change in Control
For Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill, if there is a termination of employment by ICE without “Cause” or
resignation by the executive for “Good Reason” that is unrelated to a “Change in Control,” as such term is
defined below, ICE must pay a lump sum cash payment equal to three (3) times the greater of the average of the
last three bonuses and the last bonus paid to the executive prior to termination. In addition, any stock options or
other equity awards granted (including performance-based awards which were earned but not vested for any
performance period that was completed as of the termination of employment) will become exercisable or vest
upon the executive’s termination. Performance-based awards for any performance period in progress as of the
termination of employment will be earned based on actual performance as determined after completion of the
performance period, in accordance with the terms of such grants, and such earned awards will fully vest on such
determination date. Mr. Swann’s employment agreement provides for a nine-month notice period and ICE Clear
Europe may pay salary in lieu of notice.
47
Pursuant to Mr. Niederauer’s original employment agreement, which was in effect during 2013, if ICE
terminates Mr. Niederauer without “Cause,” as such term is defined below or if he resigns for “Good Reason,” as
such term is defined below, ICE must pay lump sum cash payments equal to (i) two times his base salary plus
target bonus and (ii) his pro-rated annual bonus for the year of termination based on the achievement of the
applicable performance metrics for such year. In addition, any equity-based compensation awards granted with
respect to an annual bonus will fully vest, and any shares underlying any such awards will be distributed. Any
equity-based long term incentive awards that are subject to time-based vesting conditions will vest, and any
shares underlying such awards will be distributed, as if Mr. Niederauer had remained employed through the next
scheduled vesting date. Any equity-based long term incentive awards that are subject to performance vesting
conditions will vest, and any shares underlying such awards will be distributed, in an amount based on the
achievement of the applicable performance metrics for the applicable performance period, which vesting and
distribution will be pro-rated to reflect the portion of such period that Mr. Niederauer was employed.
Further, for Messrs. Sprecher, Vice, Hill and Niederauer, ICE is required to continue to make available
coverage under the employee benefits plans as if the executive remained employed for the “Welfare Benefit
Continuation Period” or “Continuation Period,” in the case of Mr. Niederauer, defined in each case as two years.
For Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill, if the executive delivers written notice that there will not be an extension of
the agreement to ICE, the Welfare Benefit Continuation Period is the shorter of the period defined above or the
balance of the term of the employment agreement.
“Cause,” as used in the employment agreements for Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill, generally means:
(i) the employee is convicted of, pleads guilty to, or otherwise admits to any felony or act of fraud,
misappropriation or embezzlement; (ii) the employee knowingly engages or fails to engage in any act or course
of conduct that is (a) reasonably likely to adversely affect ICE’s rights or qualification under applicable laws,
rules or regulations to serve as an exchange or other form of a marketplace for trading the products defined in the
non-competition section or (b) that violates the rules of any exchange or market on which ICE effects trades (or
at such time are actively contemplating effecting trades) and is reasonably likely to lead to a denial of ICE’s right
or qualification to effect trades on such exchange or market; (iii) there is any act or omission by the employee
involving malfeasance or gross negligence in the performance of his duties and responsibilities or the exercise of
his powers to the material detriment of ICE; or (iv) the employee (a) breaches any of the covenants made under
his employment agreement or (b) violates any provision of any code of conduct adopted by ICE that applies to
him if the consequence to such violation ordinarily would be a termination of his employment.
“Gross misconduct,” as used in Mr. Swann’s agreement, includes acts such as: (i) a breach of the trading
rules, regulations and employee policies of ICE or ICE London; (ii) theft or attempted theft or unauthorized
possession of ICE Clear Europe or employees’ property; (iii) serious damage to ICE Clear Europe property;
(iv) dishonesty including falsification of reports, accounts, expense claims or self-certification forms; (v) refusal
to carry out duties or reasonable instructions; (vi) consumption of alcohol or drugs, whether on or off duty such
that the performance of his duties is adversely affected, (vii) violent, dangerous or intimidatory conduct;
(viii) harassment; (ix) divulging any of ICE Clear Europe’s confidential information (or that of any associated
company) or that of its clients, customers, suppliers or agents without ICE Clear Europe’s prior authorization;
and (x) potentially criminal activity in the workplace.
“Cause,” as used in Mr. Niederauer’s employment agreement, generally means his: (i) conviction of, or plea
of nolo contendere to, a felony involving moral turpitude; (ii) willful misconduct or gross neglect, in either case
resulting in material harm to ICE; (iii) willful continued failure to carry out reasonable and lawful directions of
the Board of Directors; (iv) fraud, embezzlement, theft or dishonesty of a material nature against ICE or willful
violation of a company policy or procedure, in each case resulting in material harm to ICE; or (v) willful material
breach of the restrictions against competition and solicitation contained in the employment agreement that is not
cured by Mr. Niederauer within 30 days after the Board of Directors provides written notice.
“Change in Control,” as used in the employment agreements for Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill, generally
means: (i) any person is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities representing 30% or
more of the combined voting power of any outstanding ICE securities eligible to vote in an election of directors
(subject to certain exceptions, including if such person is the executive, an entity controlled by the executive or
48
group of which the executive is a member); (ii) any dissolution or liquidation of ICE or any sale or disposition of
50% or more of ICE’s assets or business; or (iii) the consummation of any reorganization, merger, consolidation
or share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving ICE, unless (a) the persons who were the
beneficial owners of outstanding ICE securities eligible to vote in an election of directors immediately before the
consummation of such transaction hold more than 60% of the voting power immediately following the
consummation of such transaction, and (b) each such person holds such securities in substantially the same
proportion immediately following the consummation of such transaction as each such person had held
immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction.
“Change in Control,” as used in Mr. Niederauer’s employment agreement, generally means: (i) a change in
the majority control of ICE (as successor to NYSE Euronext); (ii) a change in the majority control of the Board
of Directors; (iii) the consummation of one of several specified business combinations, such as a reorganization,
merger, share exchange or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of ICE, if our stockholders before the
combination do not hold the majority of the shares of the resulting company and the members of the Board of
Directors do not hold the majority of seats on the board of the resulting company; or (iv) the approval of a
liquidation or dissolution of ICE by our stockholders.
“Good Reason,” as used in the employment agreements for Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill, generally
means: (i) there is a material reduction in the executive’s base salary or opportunity to receive any annual bonus
and equity grants without the executive’s express written consent; (ii) there is a material reduction in the scope,
importance or prestige of the executive’s duties; (iii) executive is transferred from his primary work site to a site
that is more than thirty miles from his then current work site; (iv) after a Change in Control, executive’s job title
is materially changed or executive is no longer provided the same or substantially equivalent plans, programs and
policies; (v) there is a material breach of his employment agreement; (vi) executive receives notice of non-
renewal during the three years following a Change in Control; (vii) the failure of any successor to ICE to
expressly assume executive’s employment agreement; or (viii) in the case of Mr. Sprecher, ICE fails to nominate
Mr. Sprecher for re-election to the Board of Directors.
“Good Reason,” as used in Mr. Niederauer’s employment agreement, generally means the occurrence of any
of the following: (i) a material reduction in base salary or target bonus; (ii) a relocation of Mr. Niederauer’s
principal office to more than fifty miles from New York, New York; (iii) a material reduction in titles, authority,
duties or responsibilities; (iv) a change in reporting so that Mr. Niederauer no longer reports to the Board of
Directors; (v) the failure by ICE to obtain an assumption of its obligations under the employment agreement by
any successor to ICE within 15 days after a merger, consolidation, sale or similar transaction; (vi) a material
breach by ICE of the employment agreement; or (vii) the failure to nominate Mr. Niederauer as a director in the
first election following his removal from the Board of Directors.
Termination Following a Change in Control
For Messrs. Sprecher, Vice and Hill, if the termination of employment by ICE without “Cause” or
resignation by the executive for “Good Reason” occurs following, or within 180 days prior to, the effective date
of a Change in Control of ICE, ICE must pay the executive a lump sum amount of cash equal to three (3) times
(i) his salary; and (ii) the greater of the average of the last three bonuses paid to executive prior to termination,
the last bonus paid to executive prior to the effective date of a Change in Control and the last bonus paid to
executive prior to termination. In addition, any stock options or other equity awards granted (including
performance-based awards which were earned but not vested for any performance period that was completed as
of the termination of employment) will become exercisable or vest upon the executive’s termination.
Performance-based awards for any performance period in progress as of the termination of employment will be
earned based on actual performance as determined after completion of the performance period, in accordance
with the terms of such grants, and such earned awards will fully vest on such determination date. The executive
will be entitled to exercise his stock options that had been granted after entering into the employment agreement
for the same period as if the executive had continued in employment through the remainder of his term.
Further, ICE must continue to make available coverage under the employee benefits plans as if an executive
remained employed for the Welfare Benefit Continuation Period. If an executive delivers written notice to ICE,
49
the Welfare Benefit Continuation Period is the shorter of the period defined above or the balance of the term of
the employment agreement. All gross-up provisions for tax consequences have been removed from the
employment agreements; therefore no NEOs are eligible for gross-up payments.
Mr. Swann’s employment agreement does not contain Change in Control provisions. Mr. Niederauer’s
employment agreement, as in effect during 2013, provides that upon a termination following a Change in
Control, he will receive the same severance amount that he would have received upon a termination without
Cause or resignation for Good Reason. However, if the payments and benefits due to him under his employment
agreement or any other plan of ICE or its affiliates would be subject to Code Section 280G, the payments and
benefits will be reduced to $1,000 less than the maximum amount of payments that would not be subject to
Section 280G, but only if such reduction places him in a better after-tax position than if such reduction were not
made.
Amendment to Mr. Niederauer’s Agreement
On February 10, 2014, ICE, NYSE Euronext Holdings, LLC and Mr. Niederauer entered into an amendment
to Mr. Niederauer’s existing employment agreement. The amendment provided for an employment term ending
on December 31, 2014 and revised certain compensation arrangements under his existing employment
agreement, as previously discussed in the Compensation Discussion & Analysis.
Pursuant to the amendment, Mr. Niederauer will receive base salary, annual bonuses for fiscal years 2013
and 2014 and certain grants of equity compensation, which will vest on December 31, 2014, subject to
acceleration in certain circumstances, as described below. In addition to other benefits under his existing
employment agreement, Mr. Niederauer will receive a one-time $13 million cash payment following termination
of his employment for any reason, paid no earlier than the six-month anniversary of the termination date, and his
health and life insurance will continue for two years following termination. The severance payment is subject to
the Section 280G cutback described above.
In addition to the severance payment described above, if ICE terminates Mr. Niederauer without Cause or
he resigns for Good Reason, Mr. Niederauer will be entitled to (i) a lump-sum cash payment equal to an annual
bonus for the calendar year of termination, based on actual performance for the year, (ii) base salary through
December 31, 2014, (iii) vesting of service-based equity awards, including awards that previously were, but no
longer are, subject to a performance condition and (iv) vesting of performance-based restricted stock units,
subject to the applicable performance condition. In the event of a termination due to death or disability, the
additional payments will consist of (i) a pro-rated annual bonus based on actual performance for the year, (ii) full
vesting of the restricted stock units granted pursuant to the amendment, (iii) pro-rata vesting of other service-
based equity awards and (iv) vesting of the performance-based restricted stock units granted pursuant to the
amendment at target.
The definition of Good Reason generally remains the same, except that it was revised to reflect the fact that
Mr. Niederauer reports to the Chief Executive Officer of ICE and was also revised so that the failure to nominate
Mr. Niederauer as a director in the first election following his removal from the Board of Directors no longer
constitutes Good Reason.
The amounts in the termination table and the Summary Compensation Table and related tables are
calculated under the employment agreement as in effect on December 31, 2013, but for termination after
February 10, 2014, as described above and in the Compensation Discussion & Analysis.
50
2013 Payments upon Termination
The following table presents the estimated benefits and payments for termination of the NEOs unrelated to a
Change in Control and following, or within 180 days prior to, a Change in Control, assuming the termination
took place on the last business day of the most recently completed fiscal year. For certain items below, the values
are based on the closing price of $224.92 for our Common Stock on the NYSE on December 31, 2013.
Name
Termination
for Cause
($)
Voluntary
Resignation
Other
Than for
Good
Reason ($)
Disability
($)(5) Death ($)(5)
Termination by
ICE Unrelated
to a Change in
Control ($)
Termination
Following a
Change in
Control ($)
Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Cash Severance(1) ................... — — — — 10,017,000 10,017,000
Cost of Welfare Benefits
Continuation(2) ................... — — — — 54,091 54,091
Value of Equity Awards Subject to
Accelerated Vesting(3) ............. — — — 27,008,271 27,008,271 27,008,271
Golden Parachute Excise Tax and Income
Tax Gross-Up Payment(4) ........... N / A N / A N / A N / A N / A N / A
Total: ............................. 0 0 0 27,008,271 37,079,362 37,079,362
Scott A. Hill
Cash Severance(1) ................... — — — — 5,250,000 5,250,000
Cost of Welfare Benefits
Continuation(2) ................... — — — — 51,351 51,351
Value of Equity Awards Subject to
Accelerated Vesting(3) ............. — — — 10,429,881 10,429,881 10,429,881
Golden Parachute Excise Tax and Income
Tax Gross-Up Payment(4) ........... N / A N / A N / A N / A N / A N / A
Total: ............................. 0 0 0 10,429,881 15,731,233 15,731,233
Charles A. Vice
Cash Severance(1) ................... — — — — 6,423,750 6,423,750
Cost of Welfare Benefits
Continuation(2) ................... — — — — 49,606 49,606
Value of Equity Awards Subject to
Accelerated Vesting(3) ............. — — — 13,329,580 13,329,580 13,329,580
Golden Parachute Excise Tax and Income
Tax Gross-Up Payment(4) ........... N / A N / A N / A N / A N / A N / A
Total: ............................. 0 0 0 13,329,580 19,802,864 19,802,864
Duncan L. Niederauer
Cash Severance(1) ................... — — — — 13,000,000 13,000,000
Cost of Welfare Benefits
Continuation(2) ................... — — — — 37,254 37,254
Value of Equity Awards Subject to
Accelerated Vesting(3) ............. — — 16,612,554 16,612,554 16,612,554 16,612,554
Golden Parachute Excise Tax and Income
Tax Gross-Up Payment(4) ........... N / A N / A N / A N / A N / A N / A
Total: ............................. 0 0 16,612,554 16,612,554 29,649,808 29,649,808
Paul Swann
Cash Severance(1) ................... — — — — 741,960 741,960
Cost of Welfare Benefits
Continuation(2) ................... — — — — 148,392 148,392
Value of Equity Awards Subject to
Accelerated Vesting(3) ............. — — — 5,807,814 5,807,814 5,807,814
Golden Parachute Excise Tax and Income
Tax Gross-Up Payment(4) ........... N / A N / A N / A N / A N / A N / A
Total: ............................. 0 0 0 5,807,814 6,698,166 6,698,166
51
(1) These amounts represent the cash severance payments in accordance with employment agreements as in
effect as of December 31, 2013 (as discussed in the preceding narrative) under the termination scenarios as
described in the table. These calculations assume all earned base salary and annual incentive payments have
been paid. For a termination unrelated to a change in control, the duration of the remaining employment
term has been assumed to equal three years. Also, in light of the assumed termination date of December 31,
2013, the fiscal year 2012 bonus that was paid in February 2013 is the last bonus paid for purposes of the
severance calculation under the employment agreements. As discussed in the preceding narrative, the terms
of Mr. Niederauer’s amended employment agreement will apply for any termination occurring after
February 10, 2014.
(2) The welfare benefit continuation costs include estimated medical, dental, basic life insurance, and executive
life insurance premiums, as may be called for in the employment agreements.
(3) The market value of stock awards is calculated based on the closing price of our Common Stock on the
New York Stock Exchange on December 31, 2013: $224.92. These costs include the acceleration of vesting
of unvested equity awards (including the value of unvested dividend equivalent rights) under other
termination scenarios as described above. These amounts do not include the value of vested equity awards
as of December 31, 2013.
(4) There are no Section 280G tax gross-up provisions.
(5) The amounts reported in the table above do not reflect payments upon a named executive officer’s disability
or death under our supplemental disability insurance benefit and life insurance benefit programs,
respectively. See the Elements of Compensation — Benefits and Perquisites section of this Compensation
Discussion & Analysis for a description of these benefits.
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION
None of our executive officers or directors serves as a member of the board of directors or compensation
committee of any entity that has one or more of its executive officers serving as a member of our Board of
Directors or Compensation Committee.
NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
Directors who are also ICE employees do not receive additional compensation for serving as directors. For
2013, non-employee director compensation consisted of:
• An annual retainer of $85,000 (adjusted from $60,000 on November 13, 2013 at the time of NYSE
Euronext Acquisition);
• An annual retainer of $10,000 for committee members of the Audit Committee, Compensation
Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee;
• An annual retainer for committee chairpersons (in lieu of the committee member retainers described
above) of: $25,000 for the Audit Committee, $20,000 for the Compensation Committee, and $20,000 for
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee;
• A lead director fee of $50,000 (Mr. Salerno was chosen to serve as the lead director in 2013); and
• A grant of $175,000 in the form of restricted stock units that vest one year from the date of grant (with the
number of units calculated at the time of grant by dividing the annual grant value by the closing price per
share on the grant date).
For 2014, the compensation for service on the Risk Committee has been set at an annual retainer of $10,000
for committee members and $20,000 for the chairperson (in lieu of the $10,000 committee member retainer).
Directors do not receive fees for individual Board of Directors or committee meetings in addition to the annual
retainers referenced above. Through 2012, non-employee directors were permitted to elect a restricted share
deferral mechanism for cash fees through the 2003 Restricted Stock Deferral Plan for Outside Directors, which
52
were made through annual elections prior to the year of service, with a 10% discount on the value of Common
Stock for any fees deferred through this method. Beginning in 2013, this deferral program is no longer offered.
As with its executive compensation program, the Compensation Committee utilizes the services of an
independent compensation consultant to benchmark the competitiveness of its director compensation program. The
Compensation Committee reviewed a director compensation benchmarking report from Compensation Advisory
Partners that analyzed each aspect of director compensation against the same peer companies that were utilized for
the executive compensation benchmarking report. Based on the results of this report and consultation with its
compensation consultant, the Compensation Committee did not make any changes to the ICE director equity
compensation framework (for directors who serve on the board of our parent company) above during 2013.
In addition, many of our non-employee directors also serve as directors on the boards of our subsidiaries and
some subsidiary boards pay additional compensation for such board service. In 2013, eleven of our current non-
employee directors served as members of the boards of directors of our regulated subsidiaries: ICE Futures Europe,
ICE Clear Europe Limited, ICE Clear Credit, LLC, ICE Futures U.S., Inc., ICE Clear U.S., Inc., ICE Trade Vault,
LLC, ICE Trade Vault Europe Limited, ICE Swap Trade, LLC, LIFFE Administration and Management, NYSE
Market (DE), Inc., New York Stock Exchange, LLC, NYSE MKT LLC, NYSE Arca, Inc., NYSE Arca Equities,
Inc., NYSE Regulation Inc., Euronext N.V., and Chicago Climate Futures Exchange, LLC. We also provide office
space for certain of our directors that serve as chairperson of the board of directors of an operating subsidiary.
Director Compensation Table
The following table presents information relating to compensation for our directors for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2013.
Name and Principal Position
Fees
Earned or
Paid in
Cash ($)(1)
Stock Awards
($)(2)
All Other
Compensation
($)(3) Total ($)
Charles R. Crisp .................................... 83,329 174,947 15,000 273,276
Jean-Marc Forneri .................................. 73,329 174,947 — 248,276
Fred W. Hatfield .................................... 73,329 199,873 139,926 413,128
Terrence F. Martell .................................. 73,329 199,873 139,926 413,128
Sir Callum McCarthy ................................ 71,662 174,947 53,388 299,997
Sir Robert Reid ..................................... 83,329 199,873 155,181 438,383
Frederic V. Salerno ................................. 133,329 174,947 10,000 318,276
Judith Sprieser ..................................... 98,329 199,873 54,926 353,128
Vincent Tese ....................................... 83,329 199,873 79,926 363,128
Sylvain Marc Hefes ................................. 11,318 — — 11,318
Jan-Michiel Hessels ................................. 11,318 — — 11,318
James Joseph McNulty ............................... 11,318 — — 11,318
Robert Scott ....................................... 11,318 — — 11,318
(1) The amounts in this column represent fiscal year 2013 cash payments for Board and committee retainers,
including subsidiary board service. Messrs. Hefes, Hessels, McNulty and Scott joined our Board on
November 13, 2013 as a result of the NYSE Euronext Acquisition and their fees were pro rated based on the
date when they joined our Board.
(2) The amounts in this column represent the aggregate fair value of restricted stock unit grants awarded for
board service, including subsidiary board service, in the 2013 calendar year calculated in accordance with
ASC Topic 718, which is equal to our closing stock price on the grant date times the number of shares
granted. Grants to directors in 2013 were approved on February 28, 2013. The aggregate number of
unvested restricted stock units held by each director at December 31, 2013 was 1,130 for Messrs. Crisp,
Forneri, McCarthy and Salerno, and 1,291 for Ms. Sprieser and Messrs. Hatfield, Martell, Reid and Tese.
(3) The amounts in this column represent fees paid in cash and equity to directors that also served as members of the
boards of directors of our regulated subsidiaries: ICE Futures Europe, ICE Clear Europe Limited, ICE Clear
53
Credit, LLC, ICE Futures U.S., Inc., ICE Clear U.S., Inc., ICE Trade Vault, LLC, ICE Swap Trade, LLC, ICE
Trade Vault Europe Limited, LIFFE Administration and Management, NYSE Market (DE), Inc., New York
Stock Exchange, LLC, NYSE MKT LLC, NYSE Arca, Inc., NYSE Arca Equities, Inc., NYSE Regulation Inc.,
Euronext N.V., and Chicago Climate Futures Exchange, LLC. Fees paid in GBP were converted to USD at a rate
of 1.6488, which was the exchange rate on December 31, 2013.
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT
The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the above Compensation Discussion & Analysis
with management, and based upon such review and discussion, has recommended to the Board of Directors that
the Compensation Discussion & Analysis be included in ICE’s proxy statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders.
Compensation Committee:
Vincent Tese, Chairperson
Charles R. Crisp
Sir Callum McCarthy
Sir Robert Reid
AUDIT MATTERS
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating to the
quality and integrity of our financial reporting, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, systems of
internal controls, qualifications and independence of our independent registered public accounting firm,
performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors, financial reporting processes and such other
functions as the Board may assign from time to time. Our Board of Directors has adopted an Audit Committee
Charter, which sets forth the responsibilities of the Audit Committee. A copy of the Audit Committee Charter is
available on our website at www.theice.com.
The Audit Committee held seven meetings during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013. The Audit
Committee reviewed and discussed with management and Ernst & Young LLP our audited financial statements
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013. The Committee has also discussed with our independent public
registered accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (the “PCAOB”) AU Section No. 380, as currently in effect.
The Audit Committee also received the written disclosures and the letter from Ernst & Young LLP required
by Rule 3526 of the PCAOB (Communications with Audit Committees Concerning Independence) and has
discussed with Ernst & Young LLP its independence. The Audit Committee reviewed the audit and non-audit
services provided by Ernst & Young LLP for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 and determined to engage
Ernst & Young LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of ICE for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2014.
Based upon the Audit Committee’s review of the audited financial statements and the discussions noted
above, the Audit Committee recommended that the Board of Directors include the audited financial statements in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 for filing with the SEC.
Audit Committee:
Judith A. Sprieser, Chairperson
Charles Crisp
Terrence F. Martell
54
ITEM 3—RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2014
The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, in accordance with its charter and authority delegated to it
by the Board, has appointed the firm of Ernst & Young LLP to serve as our independent registered public
accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2014, and the Board of Directors has directed that such
appointment be submitted to our stockholders for ratification at the Annual Meeting. Ernst & Young LLP has
audited our financial statements since 2002 and is considered by our Audit Committee to be well qualified. Our
organizational documents do not require that our stockholders ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as our
independent registered public accounting firm. We are doing so because we believe it is a matter of good
corporate practice. If the stockholders do not ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP, the Audit Committee
will reconsider the appointment, but may still retain Ernst & Young LLP.
Representatives of Ernst & Young LLP will be present at the Annual Meeting and will have an opportunity
to make a statement if they desire to do so. They also will be available to respond to appropriate questions from
stockholders.
THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMEND THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE “FOR” THE
PROPOSAL TO RATIFY THE APPOINTMENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31,
2014.
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM FEES AND SERVICES
Audit and Non-Audit Fees
Aggregate fees for professional services rendered for us by Ernst & Young LLP as of and for the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 are set forth below. The aggregate fees included in the Audit Fees category
are fees billed for the fiscal year for the integrated audit of our annual financial statements and audits and reviews
of statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees included in the Audit-Related, Tax and Other Fees
categories are fees for services performed in the fiscal years.
Fiscal Year
2013
Fiscal Year
2012
Audit Fees ........................................................... $10,680,000 $3,786,000
Audit-Related Fees .................................................... 590,000 963,000
Tax Fees ............................................................ 482,000 372,000
All Other Fees ........................................................ 175,000 271,000
Total ........................................................... $11,927,000 $5,392,000
Audit Fees for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were for professional services rendered
for the audits of our annual consolidated financial statements, reviews of periodic reports and other documents
filed with the SEC, audits of the effectiveness of internal control as required by Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and services that are customarily provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings.
Audit-Related Fees for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were for due diligence related to
certain merger and acquisition activities and for accounting consultations in connection with potential
acquisitions.
Tax Fees for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 were for domestic and international tax planning
matters and tax credit usage studies. Tax Fees for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 were for tax
compliance matters, transfer pricing reviews and tax credit usage studies.
Other Fees for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were for regulatory compliance advisory
services.
55
Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm
Pursuant to the provisions of its charter, the Audit Committee’s policy is to pre-approve all audit and
permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. These services
may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. The Audit Committee has sole
authority, without action by the Board of Directors, for the review and approval of such services and fees. The
Audit Committee pre-approved all services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm in
fiscal year 2013.
OTHER PROPOSALS FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION
ITEM 4—PROPOSAL TO AMEND OUR AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION TO CHANGE OUR NAME FROM “INTERCONTINENTALEXCHANGE GROUP,
INC.” TO “INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC.”
On February 28, 2014, our Board of Directors unanimously adopted a resolution recommending that our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation be amended to change our name from
“IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc.” to “Intercontinental Exchange, Inc.”, subject to stockholder approval at
the Annual Meeting and receipt of all required regulatory approvals. Our Board of Directors also unanimously
adopted a resolution amending our Amended and Restated Bylaws to reflect the proposed name change, subject
to approval by our stockholders of the amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and
the receipt of all required regulatory approvals. We believe the name change will better align our name with the
typical manner people refer to us.
If approved by our stockholders at the Annual Meeting, the new name will become effective following the
receipt of required regulatory approvals upon the filing of an amendment to our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. Changing the corporate name
will be accomplished by amending Article I of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to read as
follows:
“The name of the Corporation is Intercontinental Exchange, Inc.”
A copy of the complete text of the form of amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation is set forth in Exhibit A to this Proxy Statement. Changing the corporate name will not affect the
validity or transferability of stock certificates presently outstanding, and our stockholders will not be required to
exchange any certificates presently held by them. Simultaneously with any change in our corporate name, we
expect to change the name of our wholly-owned subsidiary from “IntercontinentalExchange Inc.” to
“Intercontinental Exchange Holdings, Inc.” to avoid any confusion and to amend the governing documents of
various of our subsidiaries to make necessary changes to reflect the revision of our corporate name and of
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. As permitted by Delaware law, we may, in our sole discretion and without any
further action on the part of or any notice to our stockholders, discontinue seeking to change our corporate name
at any time prior to its effectiveness.
The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote
at the Annual Meeting is required to approve the amendment. Accordingly, abstentions and broker non-votes will
have the effect of a vote “against” this proposal. If any stockholder executes and returns a proxy card without
providing specific voting instructions with respect to this proposal, all shares represented by such proxy will be
voted as recommended by our Board of Directors on this proposal.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS
VOTE “FOR” THE PROPOSAL TO AMEND OUR AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION TO CHANGE OUR NAME FROM “INTERCONTINENTALEXCHANGE GROUP,
INC.” TO “INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. ”
56
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
The following table sets forth information, based on data provided to us or filed with the SEC, with respect
to beneficial ownership of shares of our Common Stock as of March 18, 2014 for (i) each person known by us to
beneficially own more than five percent of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock, (ii) each director and
nominee for election as a director, (iii) each of our NEOs, and (iv) all of our director nominees and executive
officers as a group.
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes having voting and/
or investment power with respect to the securities. Except as indicated by footnote, and subject to applicable
community property laws, the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and sole investment
power with respect to the shares set forth opposite each person’s or entity’s name.
Shares of Common Stock subject to options or warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days
of March 18, 2014 or restricted stock units that vest within 60 days of March 18, 2014 are deemed outstanding
for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such options or warrants, but are not
deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. As of March 18,
2014, there were 115,094,956 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. Unless otherwise indicated, the
address for each of the individuals listed in the table is c/o IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc., 2100
RiverEdge Parkway, Suite 500, Atlanta, Georgia 30328.
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner
Number of Shares
Beneficially Owned Percent of Class
Holders of More Than 5%:
The Vanguard Group, Inc.(1) ..................................... 6,607,969 5.7%
100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355
BlackRock, Inc.(2) ............................................. 6,587,889 5.7%
40 East 52 nd Street, New York, NY 10022
Named Executive Officers, Directors and Nominees:
Charles R. Crisp(3)(4) .......................................... 13,302 *
Jean-Marc Forneri(3) ........................................... 25,603 *
Fred W. Hatfield(3) ............................................ 5,515 *
Terrence F. Martell(3) .......................................... 6,406 *
Sylvain Hefes(3) ............................................... 3,439 *
Jan-Michiel Hessels(3) .......................................... 10,317 *
Sir Callum McCarthy(3) ......................................... 6,288 *
James J. McNulty(3) ............................................ 9,322 *
Sir Robert Reid(3) .............................................. 11,394 *
Frederic V. Salerno(3) .......................................... 8,501 *
Judith A. Sprieser(3) ............................................ 8,140 *
Vincent Tese(3) ............................................... 12,568 *
Robert G. Scott(3) .............................................. 2,194 *
Jeffrey C. Sprecher(5)(6) ........................................ 1,420,988 1.2%
Scott A. Hill(5) ................................................ 61,048 *
Duncan Niederauer(5) .......................................... 31,373 *
Paul Swann (5) ................................................ 22,169 *
Charles A. Vice(5) ............................................. 92,977 *
All Directors, Nominees and Executive Officers as a Group
(25 persons)(3)(5) ............................................ 1,968,105 1.7%
* Represents less than 1% of the outstanding Common Stock.
(1) Based on a report on Schedule 13G dated February 11, 2014 filed by The Vanguard Group, Inc. (the
“Vanguard 13G”). According to the Vanguard 13G, The Vanguard Group, Inc. has sole voting power over
57
186,954 shares of Common Stock, sole dispositive power over 6,433,483 shares of Common Stock and
shared dispositive power over 174,486 shares of Common Stock. Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of The Vanguard Group, Inc., is the beneficial owner of 147,136 shares of
Common Stock as a result of its serving as investment manager of collective trust accounts, and Vanguard
Investments Australia, Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Vanguard Group, Inc., is the beneficial
owner of 67,168 shares of Common Stock as a result of its serving as investment manager of Australian
investment offerings.
(2) Based on a report on Schedule 13G dated February 4, 2014 filed by BlackRock, Inc. (the “BlackRock
13G”). According to the BlackRock 13G, BlackRock, Inc. has sole voting power over 5,322,531 shares of
Common Stock, sole dispositive power over 6,579,147 shares of Common Stock and shared dispositive and
voting power over 8,742 shares of Common Stock.
(3) Beneficial ownership of directors includes stock options exercisable within 60 days of March 18, 2014
under the 2000 Stock Option Plan, and/or restricted stock unit awards that vest within 60 days of March 18,
2014 under the 2003 Restricted Stock Deferral Plan for Outside Directors, the 2009 Omnibus Incentive
Plan, the 2013 Omnibus Non-Employee Director Incentive Plan, the NYSE Euronext 2006 Stock Incentive
Plan or the NYSE Euronext Omnibus Incentive Plan .
(4) Includes 2,000 shares of Common Stock held by Mr. Crisp’s spouse.
(5) Beneficial ownership of each executive officer includes stock options exercisable within 60 days of
March 18, 2014 under the 2000 Stock Option Plan or the 2009 Omnibus Incentive Plan and restricted stock
unit awards that vest within 60 days of March 18, 2014 under the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, the 2009
Omnibus Incentive Plan, NYSE Euronext Omnibus Incentive Plan or the 2013 Omnibus Employee
Incentive Plan.
(6) Includes 973,341 shares of Common Stock held by Continental Power Exchange, Inc. (“CPEX”) and 22,019
shares of Common Stock and 16,706 shares of Common Stock underlying restricted stock awards and stock
options, respectively, exercisable within 60 days of March 18, 2014 held by Mr. Sprecher’s spouse.
Mr. Sprecher owns 100% of the equity interest in CPEX. CPEX currently has no assets other than its equity
interest in us and conducts no operations. Mr. Sprecher disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held
directly and underlying stock options held by his spouse.
58
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
Our Board of Directors has delegated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee the
authority to review and approve all transactions between us and one or more of our directors, or between us and
any corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of our directors or officers
serve as a director or officer or have a financial interest. In addition, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics,
which applies to all employees, officers and directors, generally prohibits conflicts of interests and that such
conflicts in all cases should be discussed with management (or the Chief Executive Officer, in the case of
conflicts related to outside employment or board membership). The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee reports the findings of any review and its determinations regarding transactions with related persons
to the full Board of Directors.
Our Board of Directors has also adopted a formal, written related-party transactions approval policy that
provides that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee or the Board of Directors will review and
approve transactions in excess of $120,000 of value in which we participate and in which a director, executive
officer or 5% stockholder (or immediate family member of any of the foregoing) has or will have a direct or
indirect material interest. Under this policy, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee or the Board
of Directors, as applicable, will be provided with the significant details of each related-party transaction,
including the material terms of the transaction and the benefits to ICE and to the relevant related party, as well as
any other information it believes to be relevant to review and approve these transactions. In determining whether
to approve a related-party transaction, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee or the Board of
Directors, as applicable, will consider, among other factors:
• whether the terms of the transaction are fair to ICE;
• whether there are business reasons for ICE to enter into the transaction;
• whether the transaction would impair the independence of a non-employee director; and
• whether the transaction presents an impermissible conflict of interest, taking into account the size of the
transaction, the financial position of the director, officer or related party, the nature of his or her interest
in the transaction, and the ongoing nature of the transaction.
After consideration of the relevant information, the Board of Directors may approve only those related-party
transactions that they determine are not inconsistent with the best interests of ICE. This policy also includes
categorical standards providing that specified types of transactions will be deemed not to be inconsistent with the
best interests of ICE.
Relationships with Our Stockholders
Registration Rights
As a part of the transactions surrounding our formation, we entered into an agreement with our predecessor
company, CPEX, on May 11, 2000. Our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Sprecher, owns all the equity interests in
CPEX. Pursuant to the agreement, CPEX conveyed all of its assets and liabilities to us. These assets included
intellectual property that we used to develop our electronic platform. In return, we issued to CPEX an equity
interest in our business and we agreed to give CPEX a put option, by which CPEX could require us to buy its
equity interest in our business at the purchase price equal to the greater of our fair market value or $5 million.
In connection with our initial public offering, in October 2005 we entered an agreement with CPEX and
Mr. Sprecher to terminate the put option upon the closing of our initial public offering. In connection with the
termination of the put option, we amended certain registration rights previously granted to CPEX, which as of
March 18, 2014 owns 973,341 shares of our Common Stock. Under this agreement, CPEX is entitled to require
us to register for resale into the public market its Common Stock if Mr. Sprecher’s employment with us has been
terminated. In addition, we may be obligated to pay the expenses of registration of such shares, including
underwriters’ discounts up to a maximum of $4.5 million.
59
Other
Kelly L. Loeffler, a corporate officer and our Senior Vice President, Corporate Communications,
Marketing & Investor Relations, married Jeffrey C. Sprecher, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in 2004.
Since joining ICE in September 2002, Ms. Loeffler has reported directly to our Chief Financial Officer. In 2013,
Ms. Loeffler received total cash compensation of approximately $1,870,000.
SECTION 16(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and regulations of the SEC require our directors, officers and persons who
own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities, as well as certain affiliates of such persons, to file
initial reports of their ownership of our equity securities and subsequent reports of changes in such ownership with
the SEC. Directors, officers and persons owning more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities are
required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely on our
review of the copies of such reports and on information provided by the reporting persons or their respective
brokers, we believe that during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, our directors, officers and owners of more
than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities complied with all applicable filing requirements, except that a
Form 4 relating to a transaction on December 30, 2013 for Mr. Hill was not filed on a timely basis. Additionally, in
November 2013, Form 4s were filed for Messrs. Farley and Hill, and amended Form 4s were filed for Messrs.
Sprecher and Marcial, for transactions occurring during periods prior to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013
based on information we discovered in connection with our acquisition of NYSE Euronext.
VOTING INSTRUCTIONS AND FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Who can vote at the Annual Meeting?
The securities that can be voted at the Annual Meeting consist of our Common Stock. Subject to the voting
limitations described below under What are the voting and ownership limitations? , each share of Common Stock
entitles its holder to one vote on each matter submitted to the stockholders for approval. The holders of Common
Stock will vote together as a single class on all matters presented to the stockholders for their vote or approval.
The record date for determining the holders of Common Stock who are entitled to receive notice of and to vote at
the Annual Meeting, or any adjournments thereof, was the close of business on March 18, 2014. On the record
date, 115,094,956 shares of Common Stock were outstanding and eligible to be voted at the Annual Meeting.
What proposals will be voted on at the Annual Meeting?
There are four proposals to be considered and voted on at the meeting:
• To elect fourteen directors to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their
successors are duly elected and qualified;
• An advisory resolution on our executive compensation;
• To ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2014; and
• To amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to change our name from
“IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc.” to “Intercontinental Exchange, Inc.”
You may also vote on any other business that properly comes before the Annual Meeting.
How does the Board of Directors recommend I vote?
Our Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote:
• “FOR” each of the nominees to the Board of Directors.
• “FOR” the executive compensation advisory vote.
60
• “FOR” ratification of the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as our independent registered public
accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2014.
• “FOR” the amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to change our name
from “IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc.” to “Intercontinental Exchange, Inc.”
Who is a stockholder of record?
During the ten days prior to the Annual Meeting, a list of the stockholders of record as of March 18, 2014
will be available for inspection as described below under How can I view the stockholders list? .
• If you hold Common Stock that is registered in your name on the records of ICE maintained by its
transfer agent, Computershare Investor Services, you are a stockholder of record; or
• If you hold Common Stock indirectly through a broker, bank or similar institution, you are not a
stockholder of record, but instead hold in “street name.”
If you are a stockholder of record, the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials described below is
being sent to you directly. If you hold shares in street name, the Notice is being sent to you by the bank, broker or
similar institution through which you hold your shares.
What are the voting and ownership limitations?
Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation places certain ownership and voting limits on the
holders of our Common Stock. Capitalized terms used below and not otherwise defined in this Proxy Statement
are defined in Exhibit B to this Proxy Statement. Under our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation:
• No Person (either alone or together with its Related Persons) may beneficially own shares of our
Common Stock representing in the aggregate more than 20% of the total number of votes entitled to be
cast on any matter; and
• No Person (either alone or together with its Related Persons) shall be entitled to vote or cause the voting
of shares of our Common Stock representing in the aggregate more than 10% of the total number of votes
entitled to be cast on any matter, and no Person (either alone or together with its Related Persons) may
acquire the ability to vote more than 10% of the total number of votes entitled to be cast on any matter by
virtue of agreements entered into by other persons not to vote shares of our outstanding capital stock.
In the event that a Person, either alone or together with its Related Persons, beneficially owns shares of our
Common Stock representing more than 20% of the total number of votes entitled to be cast on any matter, such
Person and its Related Persons shall be obligated to sell promptly, and ICE shall be obligated to purchase
promptly, at a price equal to the par value of such shares of stock and to the extent that funds are legally available
for such purchase, that number of shares of our Common Stock necessary so that such Person, together with its
Related Persons, shall beneficially own shares of our Common Stock representing in the aggregate no more than
20% of the total number of votes entitled to be cast on any matter, after taking into account that such repurchased
shares shall become treasury shares and shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding.
In the event that a Person, either alone or together with its Related Persons, possesses more than 10% of the
total number of votes entitled to be cast on any matter (including if it possesses this voting power by virtue of
agreements entered into by other Persons not to vote shares of our outstanding capital stock), then such Person,
either alone or together with its Related Persons, will not be entitled to vote or cause the voting of these shares of
our capital stock to the extent that such shares represent in the aggregate more than 10% of the total number of
votes entitled to be cast on any matter, and ICE shall disregard any such votes purported to be cast in excess of
this percentage.
The voting limitations do not apply to a solicitation of a revocable proxy by or on behalf of ICE or by any
officer or director of ICE acting on behalf of ICE or to a solicitation of a revocable proxy by an ICE stockholder
in accordance with Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. This exception, however, does not apply to certain
solicitations by a stockholder pursuant to Rule 14a-2(b)(2) under the Exchange Act, which permits a solicitation
made otherwise than on behalf of ICE where the total number of persons solicited is not more than ten.
61
Our Board of Directors may waive the provisions regarding ownership and voting limits by a resolution
expressly permitting this ownership or voting (which resolution must be filed with and approved by the SEC and
all required European regulators prior to being effective), subject to a determination of our Board of Directors
that:
• the acquisition of such shares and the exercise of such voting rights, as applicable, by such Person, either
alone or together with its Related Persons, will not impair:
• the ability of ICE, NYSE Euronext LLC, NYSE Group, Inc. (“NYSE Group”), the NYSE, NYSE
Market (DE), Inc. (“NYSE Market”), NYSE Regulation, Inc. (“NYSE Regulation”), NYSE Arca,
LLC., NYSE Arca, Inc. (“NYSE Arca”), NYSE Arca Equities, Inc. (“NYSE Arca Equities”) or NYSE
MKT LLC (together, the “U.S. regulated subsidiaries”) to discharge their respective responsibilities
under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder;
• the ability of ICE, NYSE Euronext LLC, Euronext N.V. (“Euronext”) or the European market
subsidiaries to discharge their respective responsibilities under European exchange regulations; or
• the ability of the SEC to enforce the Exchange Act or the ability of European regulators to enforce
European exchange regulations;
• the acquisition of such shares and the exercise of such voting rights, as applicable, is otherwise in the best
interests of ICE, its stockholders, its U.S. regulated subsidiaries and its European market subsidiaries;
• neither the Person obtaining the waiver nor any of its Related Persons is subject to any statutory
disqualification (as defined in Section 3(a)(39) of the Exchange Act) if such Person is seeking to obtain a
waiver above the 20% level;
• neither the Person obtaining the waiver nor any of its Related Persons has been determined by a European
regulator to be in violation of the laws or regulations adopted in accordance with the European Directive
on Markets in Financial Instruments applicable to any European market subsidiary requiring such person
to act fairly, honestly and professionally, if such person is seeking to obtain a waiver above the 20%
level;
• for so long as ICE directly or indirectly controls NYSE Arca or NYSE Arca Equities, or any facility of
NYSE Arca, neither the Person requesting the waiver nor any of its Related Persons is an equity trading
permit holder, an option trading permit (“OTP”) holder or an OTP firm (each as defined in the rules of
NYSE Arca, as such rules may be in effect from time to time) if such Person is seeking to obtain a waiver
above the 20% level;
• for so long as ICE directly or indirectly controls the NYSE or NYSE Market, neither the Person
requesting the waiver nor any of its Related Persons is a member or member organization of the NYSE
(as defined in the rules of the NYSE, as such rules may be in effect from time to time), if such Person is
seeking to obtain a waiver above the 20% level; and
• for so long as ICE directly or indirectly controls the NYSE MKT LLC, neither the Person requesting the
waiver nor any of its Related Persons is a member (as defined in Sections 3(a)(3)(A)(i), (ii), (iii) and
(iv) of the Exchange Act) of NYSE MKT LLC, if such Person is seeking to obtain a waiver above the
20% level.
In making these determinations, our Board of Directors may impose conditions and restrictions on the
relevant stockholder or its Related Persons that it deems necessary, appropriate or desirable in furtherance of the
objectives of the Exchange Act, the European exchange regulations and the governance of ICE.
For purposes of these provisions, a “European market subsidiary” means (1) any of Euronext Brussels N.V./
S.A., Euronext Lisbon S.A., Euronext Amsterdam N.V., Euronext Paris S.A., and any subsidiary controlled,
directly or indirectly, by any of them, and (2) any other subsidiary of Euronext formed or acquired after April 4,
2007 and operating a regulated market or multilateral trading facility (each as defined by the European Directive
on Markets in Financial Instruments) in Europe (provided that the formation or acquisition of such subsidiary and
each regulated market or multilateral trading facility shall have been approved by our Board of Directors and the
jurisdiction in which such market operator operates is represented in the Euronext College of Regulators).
62
Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation also provides that our Board of Directors has the
right to require any Person and its Related Persons that our Board reasonably believes to be subject to the voting
or ownership restrictions summarized above, and any stockholder (including Related Persons) that at any time
beneficially owns 5% or more of our outstanding capital stock, to provide to us, upon our Board’s request,
complete information as to all shares of our capital stock that such stockholder beneficially owns, as well as any
other information relating to the applicability to such stockholder of the voting and ownership requirements
outlined above.
If you are a Related Person with another holder of our Common Stock where either: (i) you (either
alone or with your Related Person) may vote shares of Common Stock representing more than 10% of the
then outstanding shares entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting, or (ii) you have entered into an agreement
not to vote shares of our Common Stock, the effect of which agreement would be to enable any Person,
either alone or with its Related Persons, to vote or cause the voting of shares of our Common Stock that
represent in the aggregate more than 10% of the then outstanding votes entitled to be cast at the Annual
Meeting, then please so notify ICE by either including that information (including each Related Person’s
complete name) on your proxy card or by contacting our Corporate Secretary by mail at
IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc., 2100 RiverEdge Parkway, Suite 500, Atlanta, Georgia 30328, or by
phone at 770-857-4700.
How can I view the stockholders list?
A list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available for inspection upon
request of any stockholder for a purpose germane to the meeting at our principal executive offices,
2100 RiverEdge Parkway, Suite 500, Atlanta, GA 30328, during the ten days prior to the Annual Meeting, during
ordinary business hours, and at the Annual Meeting. To make arrangements to review the list prior to the Annual
Meeting, stockholders should contact our Investor Relations department at (770) 857-4700 or ir@theice.com.
Why did I receive a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials instead of paper copies of the proxy
materials?
Pursuant to the SEC “Notice and Access” rules, we are furnishing our proxy materials to our stockholders
over the Internet instead of mailing each of our stockholders paper copies of those materials. As a result, we will
send our stockholders by mail or e-mail a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, which we refer to as
the Notice, containing instructions on how to access our proxy materials over the Internet and how to vote. The
Notice is not a ballot or proxy card and cannot be used to vote your shares of Common Stock. You will not
receive paper copies of the proxy materials unless you request the materials by following the instructions on the
Notice or on the website referred to o