    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. ICE Q3 2013 Earnings Call  Nov. 5, 2013 
Company▲ Ticker▲  Event Type▲ Date▲ 
 
       w w w .Ca llStre e t.com  •  1-877 -F ACTS ET  •  Copyright © 2001 -20 13 CallStreet  
E 
1 
PARTICIPANTS 
Corporate Participants  
Kelly L. Loeffler  – Vice President-Investor Relations & Corporate Communications, 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  
Scott A. Hill  – Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President, Intercontinent alExchange, Inc.  
Jeffrey C. Sprecher  – Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.  
Other Participants 
Richard H. Repetto  – Analyst, Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP  
Howard H. Chen  – Analyst, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)  
Kenneth B. Worthington  – Analyst, JPMorgan Securities LLC  
Michael R. Carrier  – Analyst, Bank of America Merrill Lynch  
Chris J. Allen  – Analyst, Evercore Partners (Securities)  
Alex Kramm  – Analyst, UBS Securities LLC  
Niamh Alexander  – Analyst, Keefe, Bruyett e & Woods, Inc.  
Chris M. Harris – Analyst, Wells Fargo Securities LLC  
Alex Blostein – Analyst, Goldman Sachs & Co.  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the IntercontinentalEx change, Inc. 
Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen -only mode. 
Later, we will conduct a question -and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. 
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today ’s call is being recorded.  
 
I’d now like to turn the conference over to Kelly Loeffler. Ma’am, you may begin.  
 
Kelly L. Loeffler, Vice President -Investor Relations & Corporate Communications  
Good morning. ICE’s third quarter 2013 earnings release and prese ntation can be found in the 
Investors section of our website at theice.com. These items will be archived and our call will be 
available for replay.  
 
Today’s call may contain forward -looking statements. These statements, which we undertake no 
obligation to update, represent our current judgment and are subject to risks, assumptions and 
uncertainties. For a description of the risks that could cause our results to differ materially from 
those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the com pany’s Form 10-K. Our 
Form 10-Q has been filed this morning.  
 
Please note that the numbers discussed today refer to our adjusted operating results, which we 
believe are more reflective of our business performance. You’ll find a non -GAAP reconciliation in 
the earnings release and presentation, as well as an explanation of why we deem this information 
to be meaningful and how management uses these measures. The materials presented today 
reflect futures volume that has been restated to include previously clear ed swap contract volumes.  
 
With us on the call this morning are Jeff Sprecher, Chairman and CEO; Scott Hill, Chief Financial 
Officer; and Chuck Vice, President and Chief Operating Officer.  
 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. ICE Q3 2013 Earnings Call  Nov. 5, 2013 
Company▲ Ticker▲  Event Type▲ Date▲ 
 
       w w w .Ca llStre e t.com  •  1-877 -F ACTS ET  •  Copyright © 2001 -20 13 CallStreet  
 
2 
I’ll now turn the call over to Scott.  
 
Scott A. Hill, Chief Financ ial Officer & Senior Vice President  
Thank you, Kelly. Good morning to everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We delivered 
revenue growth and double -digit earnings growth in the third quarter, and solid revenue and profit 
growth through the first nin e months of 2013. At the same time, we’ve advanced our NYSE 
Euronext integration plan, transitioned Liffe Clearing, cleared roughly $3 trillion of buyside CDS and 
acquired and integrated ICE Endex. We remain well -positioned to continue to serve our custome rs 
and create value for our shareholders.  
 
Let’s start on slide four with our year -to-date performance. We’ve delivered top and bottom line 
growth on top of growth, while advancing our integration plans for NYSE Euronext. We’ve also 
executed a number of st rategic initiatives. On July 1, we seamlessly transferred clearing of the Liffe 
business to ICE Clear Europe including over $11 billion in margin, 75 million contract -side and 43 
clearing members. We completed this transition in just six months and have al ready launched over 
70 new Liffe contracts.  
 
We also completed the acquisition of a majority stake in ICE Endex in March, and in October, we 
seamlessly transitioned these markets to our trading platform and clearinghouse. And in the coming 
days, we expect to close on the NYSE Euronext transaction, which will further diversify our 
business by adding a substantial interstate complex, additional financial indices, and the leading 
global cash equities, equity options and listings venues.  
Despite average daily v olumes declining 1% for the first nine months of the year, we were still able 
to deliver revenue growth of 2%, with adjusted operating margins expanding two points to 63%. As 
a result, we reported earnings growth with adjusted net income up 8% and earnings  per share up 
7% year-to-date. We had record volumes across our oil and ags complexes and record open 
interest in Brent and total oil.  
 
Moving now to slide five, I’ll discuss our third quarter performance, which included solid revenue 
growth and double-digit earnings growth. Revenues increased 5% year -over-year to $338 million 
driven by 4% growth in Brent revenue, 16% growth in sugar revenue and 15% growth in CDS 
revenue. Adjusted operating expenses were up only slightly, and margins expanded to 61%.  
 
Adjusted net income attributable to ICE grew 10% year -over-year to $145 million and adjusted 
diluted earnings per share also grew 10% to $1.97. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $180 
million and technology-related capital expenditures and capitalized soft ware were $15 million for 
the quarter. 
 
Please turn to slide six, and I’ll review our third quarter consolidated revenues and expenses. 
Transaction and clearing revenues were flat at $280 million. Energy revenue decreased 4% year -
over-year primarily due to  a 23% decline in natural gas volume, but partially offset by the strength in 
our global oil and agricultural complexes. Total oil revenues grew 6% driven by Brent and other oil 
revenues which grew 4% and 19% respectively. Ag revenues grew 11% year -over-year, driven by 
strength in sugar volumes. Financial revenues grew 12% year -over-year with CDS clearing revenue 
rising 40% over the prior year. Finally, market data revenues grew 12% to $40 million.  
 
Details of our operating expenses are shown on the right s ide of slide six. Adjusted operating 
expenses increased 1% compared to the prior third quarter. The growth in technology and SG&A 
expenses was largely driven by the addition of ICE Endex. The decline in compensation expenses 
reflects a reduced 2013 bonus a ccrual. 
 
As we have consistently demonstrated, we have a pay -for-performance culture that provides 
alignment with our shareholders. Though we continue to generate top and bottom line growth and 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. ICE Q3 2013 Earnings Call  Nov. 5, 2013 
Company▲ Ticker▲  Event Type▲ Date▲ 
 
       w w w .Ca llStre e t.com  •  1-877 -F ACTS ET  •  Copyright © 2001 -20 13 CallStreet  
 
3 
strong returns on investment, we benchmark our financial perfo rmance objectives to a higher 
standard. We will come in modestly below our full year objectives due to the weakness in North 
American natural gas revenue, and we adjusted our bonus accruals accordingly during the quarter. 
We now expect full year operating expenses for 2013 to increase by slightly more than 1%.  
 
Let’s move now to slide seven and review the third quarter performance of our futures markets. 
Futures revenue decreased 2% over the prior third quarter on a 1% decrease in average daily 
volumes. Low volatility in natural gas prices resulted in a 23% decrease in natural gas volume for 
the quarter compared to the prior year. In contrast, our oil market grew at a healthy rate during the 
quarter with WTI, global oil, RBOB and heating oil posting double -digit growth in average daily 
volume. Brent and sugar average daily volume grew 5% and 9% respectively, and revenue capture 
trends remain healthy across ICE’s futures markets.  
 
As we noted in our volume press release yesterday, revenue capture remains stead y in October, 
while average daily volumes declined 1%, largely impacted by natural gas volume and a more 
muted month for oil markets. ADV and ags remained strong with double -digit growth in October and 
financials ADV were up 8%.  
 
Please turn to slide eight  for an update of our oil and natural gas markets. There are a few points I 
want to highlight here. First, we have the leading global crude and refined oil benchmarks in 
addition to key benchmarks across natural gas, power and emissions.  
 
Second, as you ca n see on the top left of this slide, our global oil complex continues to benefit from 
a number of fundamental growth drivers. For the first nine months of the year, average daily volume 
in our global oil complex was up 10% with Brent volumes growing 8% inc luding Brent options 
growth of 13%. Total Brent open interest is up 10% from the prior year. Average daily volume for 
our global oil products grew even faster over the first nine months, up 25% over the same period in 
2012. 
 
We continue to see momentum in oil market as a result of the importance of Brent and the 
relationship with other global oil products, which in many cases are priced as a differential to Brent. 
Additionally, emerging market countries continue to increase their hedging activity to manage risk 
and participate in global price discovery. This is reflected in our total oil open interest, which was up 
17% year-over-year to 8 million contracts.  
 
Now let’s turn to the North American natural gas markets. As we already noted, low volatility in this  
market has reduced demand for hedging during 2013. As you can see in the chart on the bottom 
right, in periods of price volatility there are corresponding volume increases. In 2008 and 2009, 
much like 2012 and 2013, prices have been range bound, which is reflected in lower trading 
volumes. Importantly, we continue to see the emergence of North American natural gas as a 
growing source of energy which will support the continued need for an expanding customer base to 
hedge, trade and mitigate risk. And we con tinue to believe that natural gas has the potential to 
evolve into a global market. We are well -positioned strategically for this evolution with our strong 
presence in serving both the North American and European natural gas markets.  
 
On slide nine I’ll di scuss our credit derivatives results. Third quarter CDS revenues grew 15% to 
$38 million. This included $16 million from Creditex and $22 million from global CDS clearing. 
Through October, we have cleared $46 trillion in gross notional value, we offer clea ring in roughly 
400 instruments and we have now cleared over $3 trillion for our buyside customers.  
 
Today, more than 300 buyside firms are actively clearing CDS on ICE. We have the most liquid 
clearing platform across index, single names and sovereign ins truments, and now offer buyside 
clearing in North America and Europe. And importantly, our CDS clearing business is generating 
meaningful revenues, profits and cash.  
 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. ICE Q3 2013 Earnings Call  Nov. 5, 2013 
Company▲ Ticker▲  Event Type▲ Date▲ 
 
       w w w .Ca llStre e t.com  •  1-877 -F ACTS ET  •  Copyright © 2001 -20 13 CallStreet  
 
4 
While CDS clearing activity remains strong, the credit derivatives execution business rem ains 
muted as regulations have only recently been introduced. We launched ICE Swap Trade on 
October 2, offering trading activity in credit default swap markets. We continue to work with market 
participants as they weigh the new regulatory requirements and timeline. As was true with many 
aspects of CDS clearing, we don’t expect to see a meaningful recovery in CDS execution until 
trading on SEF platforms becomes mandatory. However, as more SEFs emerge, we are actively 
working with them to provide clearing ser vices. 
 
I’ll wrap up my comments on slide 10 with a review of our cash generation, balance sheet and 
return on investment. In the first nine months of the year, we generated $562 million of operating 
cash flow and held $1.6 billion in unrestricted cash and  short-term investments at the end of the 
third quarter. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we generated industry -leading 18% returns on 
invested capital.  
 
Of note, in preparation for the closing of our NYSE Euronext acquisition, we successfully raised 
$1.4 billion of debt on October 8. We issued $600 million of five year senior notes at a 2.5% coupon 
and $800 million of 10 year senior notes at a 4% coupon.  
 
Our inaugural debt rating from S&P and Moody’s were A and A3 respectively with each firm noting 
a positive bias upon the successful execution of our integration of NYSE Euronext and our plan to 
delever 2 times or below 1.5 times adjusted EBITDA within the first 18 months to 24 months post 
close. 
 
We will provide much more detail on our financing and c apital structure in the near future, but as 
noted on this slide, we have a clear set of priorities with regards to capital allocation. And 
importantly, we believe the cash flows from our combined companies will enable us to execute 
each of these strategies . We will institute a roughly $300 million annual dividend and, accordingly, 
as we noted in our earnings release this morning, ICE’s board has approved a quarterly cash 
dividend of $75 million for the fourth quarter of 2013, contingent upon the closing of the NYSE 
Euronext transaction. We will also continue to invest in growth in a disciplined manner. And finally, 
we have $450 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization.  
 
With that, I encourage you to review the guidance we’ve provided in the pr ess release, and I’ll be 
happy to take your questions during Q&A. Jeff, over to you.  
 
Jeffrey C. Sprecher, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer  
Thank you, Scott. And good morning, everyone. Scott’s just taken you through our financial results. 
So, I’d like t o discuss our operational achievements before I provide some remarks on our pending 
acquisition of NYSE Euronext.  
 
During the quarter, the ICE team completed and advanced a number of major initiatives. We 
seamlessly transitioned the ICE Endex business on t o the ICE platform and its clearing into ICE 
Clear Europe. We worked with market participants to better align the Brent futures contract 
specifications to that of the underlying physical market. We completed our first quarter of clearing of 
the Liffe business across interest rate, equity and soft commodity derivatives clearing an average of 
3 million contracts per day. Finally, we made significant progress on our integration planning 
together with NYSE Euronext. I want to thank both of our teams for their c ooperative efforts while 
continuing to focus on serving the needs of our customers.  
 
We completed all these initiatives while delivering double -digit earnings growth and margin 
expansion. As a result, we’re very well -positioned to integrate NYSE Euronext a nd capitalize on a 
range of new growth opportunities ahead.  
 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. ICE Q3 2013 Earnings Call  Nov. 5, 2013 
Company▲ Ticker▲  Event Type▲ Date▲ 
 
       w w w .Ca llStre e t.com  •  1-877 -F ACTS ET  •  Copyright © 2001 -20 13 CallStreet  
 
5 
Our track record on slide 11 shows a variety of unique ways that we’ve leveraged our capabilities, 
demonstrating technology leadership, an entrepreneurial customer -oriented culture and a focus on  
innovation by embracing change.  
 
We’re ready and we’re eager to begin writing the next chapter of our growth story, and believe that 
NYSE Euronext’s broad range of valuable businesses provide many opportunities to do so. We’ve 
made significant progress in  integration planning and expect to receive final approval for closing our 
transaction in the coming days.  
 
In the year 2000 we were among the first to realize the potential for commodities to trade in 
electronic markets, with greater liquidity, access and  transparency. By today’s standards, this 
accomplishment seems like a given, or even a detail. But at the time, our technology -driven model 
was transformative and controversial for its paradigm shifting nature. It enabled trading to move 
from the regional confines of a telephone to a global connected market where more companies can 
participate. At the time many predicted that our moves would fail, assuming that commodities 
markets were too complex to trade electronically. We were listening to our customers and we 
delivered on their needs.  
 
We were among the first to see a connection between futures and over -the-counter markets, and 
we became a model that global legislatures would require from markets a decade later. And our 
transition of over 800 OTC contrac ts to futures contracts was the result of our years of work 
advancing the standardization and the risk management practices of the U.S. and global energy 
markets. This trend is now playing out in interest rates, credit and other swap markets.  
When we acquired the International Petroleum Exchange of London in 2001, we began to support 
the growth of the exchange’s Brent crude oil futures contract, which then had less than 25% market 
share. Today, it’s reach has been extended and it now has a more than 50% mar ket share. 
 
We’ve expanded from one asset class to six asset classes. And we’ll expand again to nine asset 
classes once we close the NYSE Euronext transaction.  
 
Our focus on transparency and delivering connectivity drove structural shifts that were positiv e for 
the market, none of which would have been possible without our vision for the vital role of 
clearinghouses in the global market.  
 
In 2007, when we announced that we would build our own clearinghouse, many people said that it 
could not be done. But ou r team successfully completed the task and has since led the next wave 
of clearing. And this includes solving for complex risks in the credit default swap market and 
transferring a vast interest rate futures complex to our infrastructure with a six -month timeframe. 
 
Just like the other successful transactions that you can see on the slide here, we’re going to work 
diligently to integrate NYSE Euronext, identify new growth opportunities, extend our clearing 
services and improve upon market structure. These a re all things that we’ve done before through 
different economic cycles and different regulatory environments.  
 
We’ll be evaluating our new businesses to ensure alignment with both our customers’ expectations 
as a global leader in markets and shareholder ex pectations for ICE as a growth company.  
 
We’ve built or integrated a dozen companies over the last 13 years, and we’ve met or exceeded 
our promised expense synergies and grown the businesses that we’ve acquired. With our 
acquisition of the New York Board o f Trade in 2007, we exceeded our stated synergies, because 
we were able to significantly grow the business and leverage its clearing platform. We saw a 
significant opportunity in clearing as more market participants became focused on reducing 
counterparty risk. And after the financial crisis, there was a need to manage the risks associated 
with credit derivatives and we competed with much larger and more established clearinghouses to 
develop what has become the leading credit clearing infrastructure.  
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. ICE Q3 2013 Earnings Call  Nov. 5, 2013 
Company▲ Ticker▲  Event Type▲ Date▲ 
 
       w w w .Ca llStre e t.com  •  1-877 -F ACTS ET  •  Copyright © 2001 -20 13 CallStreet  
 
6 
 
As a result, our credit clearing revenues have more than doubled over the last four years and 
allowed us to develop expertise that will allow us to be competitive in expanding our OTC clearing 
into other asset classes.  
 
We’ve also established a culture of not o nly complying with regulation, but applying oversight 
directly through our investment in systems. We took a leadership role in implementing market 
safety measures, including pre -trade credit checks, volume -weighted messaging ratios to manage 
high-frequency trading and the implementation of position limits in over -the-counter markets.  
 
More recently, we’ve extended our reach into several emerging markets. These markets are still 
relatively new in terms of hedging and managing risk, but we see significant opp ortunity ahead. We 
reach directly into Brazil with our two strategic initiatives Cetip and BRIX, which are performing well.  
 
These examples and moments in our history are important because they demonstrate our forward 
thinking, and we’ll continue to apply this approach to the new markets as we work with market 
participants to gain their feedback for additional products and services. This is the same approach 
that we used to develop the over 60 new energy products that we’ll be launching this month.  
 
We’ll also focus on building our intellectual property portfolio through the administration of the 
LIBOR benchmark. We recognize the importance of intellectual property and how we’re able to 
distribute it via our network by leveraging the Internet, mobile and cha t. We look forward to having 
an enhanced index portfolio coupled to a thriving equity options and futures business. And we’ll 
continue to speak with market participants and regulators to improve the cash equities trading 
business and the confidence in mark ets for retail and institutional investors alike.  
 
On slide 12 you can see why we remain confident in our ability to become the global market leader 
for trading and risk management. We will have the leading multi -asset class risk management 
system, unparalleled clearing infrastructure, and strong cash flow generation, and we’ll focus on 
creating significant value for our customers and our shareholders.  
 
I’m quite proud of the considerable amount of integration planning that both of our teams have done 
over the last 10 months. And as a result of everyone’s hard work, we have detailed integration 
plans that we can begin executing on immediately.  
 
I know many of you on the call have questions about ICE and NYSE Euronext as a combined 
company. We’re going to be limited today in what we can address because we have not completed 
the transaction. However, shortly after the closing we do plan to host another investor call to 
discuss the combined business in great detail.  
 
In summary, as you can see on slide 13, we co ntinued to deliver strong top and bottom line results 
and best-in-class returns. Going forward, we’ll focus on integrating the NYSE Euronext business 
while continuing to look for new growth opportunities. We want to drive growth across all of our 
businesses and achieve our new objectives.  
 
So on behalf of everyone at ICE, I want to thank our customers again for trusting us with their 
business. And I’ll now ask Shannon, our operator, to conduct a question -and-answer session.  
 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. ICE Q3 2013 Earnings Call  Nov. 5, 2013 
Company▲ Ticker▲  Event Type▲ Date▲ 
 
       w w w .Ca llStre e t.com  •  1-877 -F ACTS ET  •  Copyright © 2001 -20 13 CallStreet  
 
7 
QUESTION AND ANSWER SECTION 
Operator:  Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Rich Repetto of Sandler 
O’Neill. You may begin.  
 
<Q – Rich Repetto – Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP>: Yeah, first question just a small item is, 
Scott, in the other revenue you see a nice uptick, and I know you mentioned Endex, you mentioned 
getting the Liffe Clearing, but can you tell us what the breakout as you went up plus $5 million 
quarter-to-quarter, and then what it should look like going forward, like wh at came from what in the 
quarter, and the outlook?  
 
<A – Scott Hill – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Yeah, Rich. No problem. It’s the things you 
mentioned. It’s Endex, it’s us picking up some treasury income from the higher margin balances we 
picked up from the Liffe Clearing, and it’s the modest charge that we billed NYX for the clearing of 
Liffe in the third quarter. And our expectation as you move to the fourth quarter is that the other 
revenue should be around – should be stable at this higher level.  
 
<Q – Rich Repetto – Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP>: Okay, thank you. And then, just one 
broader follow-up, Jeff. While anticipating the call after the closing, and I know you can’t give details 
that wouldn’t be – and I heeded your warning in the prepared remarks, but can you just tell us in 
generic terms, are we going to get a look at what businesses you like versus dislike? In just general 
terms, have you reached those types of decisions or is this still a process of allow them to operate 
and see how they  work and blend in with the overall operation, if you follow my question?  
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Right. Yeah, thank you, Rich. I do follow 
your question, and I think the good news for investors is that in the 10 -month period since we 
announced the deal, we’ve made much more progress than I think we anticipated that we would. 
We’ve done a deeper dive into how the combined company can operate, and we have a very 
informed view of what businesses we’re going to put where and how we’re going to go to market 
and who we’re going to put in charge of those businesses and how we can better organize the 
combined company.  
 
So, I do expect that as soon as we close this deal, which I hope will be literally in a matter of days, 
that we’ll be able to get back on the phone with you and spend a significant amount of time and 
great detail to inform the market on how we think about these things.  
 
<Q – Rich Repetto – Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP>: Great, and we’re looking forward to that 
call. Thanks. 
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Thank you. 
 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Howard Chen of Credit Suisse. You may begin.  
 
<Q – Howard Chen – Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)>: Hi, good morning, 
everyone. 
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Good morning. 
 
<Q – Howard Chen – Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)>: Jeff, there has been a lot 
of discussion from the dealers on supplemental leverage ratios. You’ve always been a proble m-
solver for the dealer community and you’ve done a lot of these tear -ups and compressions since 
you bought Creditex. I was just wondering what you and the team are seeing and hearing real -time 
from the dealers and if there is still, in your view, a large opportunity to help further alleviate 
leverage for the system. Thanks.  
 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. ICE Q3 2013 Earnings Call  Nov. 5, 2013 
Company▲ Ticker▲  Event Type▲ Date▲ 
 
       w w w .Ca llStre e t.com  •  1-877 -F ACTS ET  •  Copyright © 2001 -20 13 CallStreet  
 
8 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: It’s a very good question. I mean, one of 
the things, if you look at the slide – it may be obvious, but if you look at the slide o f our CDS 
clearing revenue, you see how many trillions of dollars have come in, and the net open interest has 
actually been relatively stable, even though the notional amount coming in has been increasing. 
What that’s saying is that a lot of the over -the-counter markets can really collapse down into a small 
amount of fundamental risk. That’s obviously why legislators and regulators have been pushing 
more business into clearing to get that compaction. But what that means is that it’s truly a lower 
overall amount of capital that’s needed.  
 
I see the business that we touch specifically, the cleared futures business and cleared swaps 
business, as really changing the dealer and clearing infrastructure into one that is much more akin 
to lending. I think, going for ward, high -quality capital is going to be needed in the clearinghouses. 
And as a result of that, banks that can analyze their customers’ balance sheets and lend them the 
capital to put up in clearinghouse against the trades is really a lending business. Th at is slightly 
different than the way it operated before but it means that the business is going to compete with 
other forms of lending, it means that customers will go through credit committees in their trading 
practices as well as their borrowing practic es. And I think that will be very, very healthy for the 
market. And I think that we’ve started to see that banks and intermediaries that are very, very well 
positioned to analyze risk and to lend I think are going to do well. It should be a high return on 
capital business for those that can manage it well, with relatively modest risk.  
 
<Q – Howard Chen – Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)>: Thanks, Jeff. That’s really 
interesting. And my thoughts on the financial targets longer term, I know you all  hold yourselves to 
this really high standard of double -digit – or high standard of double -digit top line and bottom line 
growth. I’m just curious, Scott or Jeff, as you complete the 2014 planning, the bottom line target 
seems it has more within your contr ol to achieve, but was wondering if you’re thinking at all about 
recalibrating that double-digit top line growth target just given factors that are out of your control in 
a changing business mix. Thanks.  
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. >: Yes, it’s a good question. And the answer 
is no. We have really taken great pains internally as we’ve thought about the way we integrate to 
keep the culture of growth and innovation in the combined company. And you saw that in this 
quarter we had double -digit earnings growth, but a lot of what we’ve been able to do as managers 
is even though we had a 23% downturn in natural gas trading, which was historically a flagship 
product for us, we still returned double -digit growth. We did that by managing what w e can manage, 
since we can’t manage volatility, and that is our cost structure.  
 
Scott, Chuck and I meet every two weeks and go through every employee request, every hire, 
every termination and manage the head count of this business with extreme accuracy. We spend a 
tremendous amount of time calibrating our own compensation internally with consultants and with 
our board to make sure we continue to have a pay -for-performance culture. And all of that helps us 
to motivate the company and focus it on delivering  that bottom line, and that’s what we can do as 
managers and that’s not going to change.  
 
<A – Scott Hill – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: And, Howard, I’d just add too, because I have 
seen a couple of notes go out. What happens with the tax rate is no l ess a strategic and operational 
decision. The tax rate’s coming down because the UK corporate tax rate is coming down, and 
we’ve built a business thoughtfully in London with one of the reasons being it’s a very conducive 
business environment. 
 
So, I completely agree with Jeff in terms of how we manage hiring and expenses, but the way 
we’ve thought about strategically positioning our businesses geographically contributes to the tax 
rate, which also contributes to our ability to grow double -digit earnings in the quarter. So, that’s not 
something I think people should just write -off. And again, I think where we’re headed is towards the 
lower end of the tax range guidance that we’ve talked about in the past of 27% to 30%, and over 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. ICE Q3 2013 Earnings Call  Nov. 5, 2013 
Company▲ Ticker▲  Event Type▲ Date▲ 
 
       w w w .Ca llStre e t.com  •  1-877 -F ACTS ET  •  Copyright © 2001 -20 13 CallStreet  
 
9 
the long-term, assuming the UK continues to behave in the manner they have, that will only 
improve. 
 
<Q – Howard Chen – Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)>: That all makes a lot of 
sense to me. But I think just to come back, Scott, you mentioned the taxes, which makes a lot of 
sense, and I know you and the team work hard on that. Jeff, you mentioned sort of head count 
expenses and controlling what you can control. And I guess if I was to delineate between the top 
line and the bottom line target, again I think what kind of drives  confidence that you can continue to 
achieve double-digit top line growth given just bouts of low volatility or limited price action on certain 
asset classes?  
 
<A – Scott Hill – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Yeah. I think, again, once we close the deal 
we’ll be able to give you more information about how we’re thinking about the combined business. 
But generally speaking, what we are good at is running transaction businesses that are following 
market trends where a lot of innovation matters and we know wh at we do well here and we know 
what we don’t do well here. And I think what has allowed us to do well is by editing and curating our 
own behavior so that we focus on areas where we can make a difference and not on areas where 
we can’t. And in the combined company that’s how we’ve been thinking about the joint 
opportunities that together we will have, which I think really can drive a lot of growth.  
 
<Q – Howard Chen – Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)>: Great. Thanks for taking 
the question. 
 
Operator:  Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Ken Worthington of 
JPMorgan. You may begin.  
 
<Q – Ken Worthington – JPMorgan Securities LLC>: Sort of simple; you guys cleared Liffe 
business this quarter. How much in revenue all -in was as sociated with that business this quarter?  
 
<A – Scott Hill – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: It was a relatively modest amount, Ken, and it 
helped drive the other revenue up quarter -to-quarter. A couple of million bucks. Nothing overly 
meaningful. 
 
<Q – Howard Chen – Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)>: Okay. 
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Right. By the way, Ken, recall that we 
entered into the Liffe contract when we were two separate companies and it was in ICE’s best 
interest to offer Liffe a very attractive clearing deal so that we could convince it to move off of its 
own initiative to build a clearinghouse because that was in the best interests of what ultimately will 
be a combined Liffe and ICE company.  
 
<Q – Ken Worthington – JPMorgan Securities LLC>: Okay. It makes sense. And then I’ll try to 
dance the line of New York as well. But the role of the CEO of the New York Stock Exchange has 
been in the past in part to promote the brand. And with the combination of Direct Ed ge and BATS 
creating an exchange with almost as much volume, or arguably as much volume as the New York 
Stock Exchange, it would seem that role is still important. So, Jeff, based on all the things that you 
have to do and like to do, how big a priority is it to take on the additional responsibility as both 
champion of and spokesperson for the New York Stock Exchange? And is that something that you 
think you want to do or is that something that you delegate to another member of the team?  
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Well, first of all, I don’t think I would be 
very good at it. And so, I know my own limitations. So, it’s alluring as a manager, but it’s not my 
expertise and so I am glad that Duncan Niederauer is staying for at least a year so that that he can 
continue in that role. But with respect to competition, I do have strong views of the way the U.S. 
cash equities business operates and I’ve been pretty transparent about those. So, it’s not that I am 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. ICE Q3 2013 Earnings Call  Nov. 5, 2013 
Company▲ Ticker▲  Event Type▲ Date▲ 
 
       w w w .Ca llStre e t.com  •  1-877 -F ACTS ET  •  Copyright © 2001 -20 13 CallStreet  
 
10 
benign. But let me just mention  to you that the New York Stock Exchange is a very special place, 
and I think it’s probably inherent in your question about who’s going to be the spokesperson for it, 
because every day there are people that have to trade, there are index funds that have to  
rebalance, there are funds that have redemption, that have to strip trade and sell shares. And there 
are people like you and I who have investments in our life savings who have to send our children to 
school or buy a new house or hopefully start a new bus iness. And on that day, they have to sell. 
And a lot of the market model of what you are talking about is a market model that takes advantage 
of the fact that those people on that day have to sell. And that means that they can be charged 
usury rates and th at means that they can have poorer information than people that they trade 
against when they put a market order in. And in the infrastructure of trading today is intermediaries 
who people are turning to and exchanges that people are turning to hoping that they will have a 
duty of care, but in reality those people are incented to take advantage of the people that are the 
weakest on the day they have to the trade.  
 
And I think that that is fundamentally wrong. I think people that have built a business around that 
are destined to ultimately fail. I don’t think they are sustainable. And increasingly when I go talk to 
friends and when I listen to people that are not involved specifically in what we do, there is a sense 
that things aren’t fair, and that is the col lective wisdom increasingly of the market. We’re starting to 
finally see people ultimately talk about market structure changes and fundamentally revisiting why it 
is that we have equity exchanges. And I think we have equity exchanges so that companies like  
ICE that can start from nothing can attach to the capital markets to raise capital to build businesses, 
create jobs and be innovative and helpful to society.  
 
I think the secondary market that takes advantage of people that have to trade or have poorer 
information is not particularly warranted or helpful or sustainable. And so, I’m anxious to be 
involved in the U.S. cash equities business from the sense that I think the New York Stock 
Exchange is incredibly well -positioned. I think the market model is goin g to change, I think people in 
the business want it to change, and hopefully by being transparent about it, we will be a positive 
force in causing it to change.  
 
<Q – Ken Worthington – JPMorgan Securities LLC>: That is very helpful, and it sounds like 
you’re the spokesperson at heart, whether you like it or not. So thank you very much.  
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: I don’t like it, and I’m not.  
 
<Q – Ken Worthington – JPMorgan Securities LLC>: Thank you. 
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Thank you. 
 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You 
may begin. 
 
<Q – Mike Carrier – Bank of America Merrill Lynch>: Thanks, guys. Jeff, maybe, one, on the 
New York transa ction, there has been a lot of focus on whether it’s the synergies, the cash flow 
opportunities, just things that are very clear and you guys have touched on. There hasn’t been as 
much focus on the revenue opportunities, and I know it’s still early. Maybe just give a sense, where 
are the areas that you guys are looking at that you could potentially see revenue synergies versus 
either the cost or the cash flow opportunities?  
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Thank you for that. We justif y internally 
our ability to do M&A by our ability to control costs because that’s what the market expect us to do. 
But as you are alluding to, the reality is as managers we are looking to the real revenue 
opportunities and how we can really increase our re turn on invested capital by growing the top line. 
We don’t advertise it because it’s not necessarily accepted or appreciated, but it’s definitely part of 
our thinking. 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. ICE Q3 2013 Earnings Call  Nov. 5, 2013 
Company▲ Ticker▲  Event Type▲ Date▲ 
 
       w w w .Ca llStre e t.com  •  1-877 -F ACTS ET  •  Copyright © 2001 -20 13 CallStreet  
 
11 
 
When this business comes together, we’re going to be, as I mentioned in my prepared rem arks, a 
multi-asset class company with a really good clearing infrastructure at a moment in time when 
people are going to want as much portfolio margining and cross -collateralization as is acceptable 
within the constraints of operating a secure market.  
 
Secondly, we are going to be a massive data provider. What you’ve seen over time is that people 
used to buy data, consolidated data that was very, very spread out through the markets and data 
aggregators aggregated it up and sold terminals and feeds to peopl e, and what you’re seeing over 
time is a recognition that it’s not the terminal or the feed that is important, it’s the underlying data, 
and that data is increasingly consolidated around exchanges and clearinghouse and ultimately 
SEFs. And so I think you’r e going to see fundamental changes in the way that data business 
operates. You’ve been seeing that trend already. ICE has increasingly been getting more and more 
in the data business and now we’re going to have an amazing data set.  
 
Lastly, with more atten tion being paid on the physical markets and the way price formation happens 
on the benchmarks, you’re increasingly going to see regulatory scrutiny on the way those 
benchmarks and other things are built up and compiled. That, again, lends itself to a compa ny like 
ours that has a strong regulatory infrastructure, compliance infrastructure and relationship with end 
users, it’s why we’re excited about ultimately Liffe’s successful acquisition of the LIBOR contract. 
We produce the Brent settlement prices here, and we’re going to be acquiring as part of the deal – 
we already have the relationship with Russell, we’re going to be acquiring a relationship with FTSE, 
with [ph] EGCC (40:40), MSCI. So increasingly our intellectual property portfolio of data that can be  
disseminated will be meaningful.  
 
<Q – Mike Carrier – Bank of America Merrill Lynch>: Okay. That’s helpful. And then, Scott, just 
as a follow-up, just on the comp, I understand what you were saying and just in terms of you’re in 
line with operating metric s and taking down the expenses. I think I understand it. But just when we 
think about the third quarter, just so we don’t get ahead of ourselves, that’s partially a true -up, 
meaning looking at the full year and then truing up in the quarter. So there’s som e of that that will 
be ongoing but some of that is going to be a catch -up for the rest of the year. I just wanted to make 
sure we understand that.  
 
<A – Scott Hill – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: No, no, that’s exactly right. In the quarter it 
was an adjustment of just under $5 million to true -up for the year. So, that obviously will not repeat 
itself in the fourth quarter. My expectations, just to kind of help you guys a little bit on the direction, 
is we’re averaging right now, if you adjust for that c omp accrual, about $135 million a quarter. 
We’ve got a transition payment related to the Endex transition in October that will be about $1 
million. So, I suspect it will be somewhere in the $136 million plus or minus range in expenses in 
the fourth quarter. 
 
<Q – Mike Carrier – Bank of America Merrill Lynch>: Okay. Thanks, guys.  
 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Allen of Evercore Partners. You may begin.  
 
<Q – Chris Allen – Evercore Partners (Securities)>: Morning, guys.  
 
<A – Jeff Spre cher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Good morning. 
 
<Q – Chris Allen – Evercore Partners (Securities)>: Just thinking longer term, I mean, given the 
breadth of the platform in terms of the asset classes you’re going to be in, the clearing capabilities, 
the market data, and balancing and thinking about organic investment requirements moving 
forward and balancing that again for potential cash flow generation of the combined company, I’m 
just trying to think of what examples there could be for meaningful or ganic investment outside of the 
things we’re already contemplating, over -the-counter clearing for example. Maybe you can kind of 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. ICE Q3 2013 Earnings Call  Nov. 5, 2013 
Company▲ Ticker▲  Event Type▲ Date▲ 
 
       w w w .Ca llStre e t.com  •  1-877 -F ACTS ET  •  Copyright © 2001 -20 13 CallStreet  
 
12 
potentially give us some examples of any real organic investment requirements you guys see 
moving forward, that would be helpfu l. 
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Sure. Well, we’re very well situated with 
our own platforms and infrastructure to integrate businesses and take costs out of them. And we’re 
acquiring a lot of great assets that together NYSE Eurone xt and ICE will have to edit and curate. 
So, I think, in terms of organic investment to protect our growth businesses, there is nothing 
revolutionary there.  
 
I do think though there’s fundamental changes going on in our markets, and as a result of that, 
there will be winners and losers, and those that can adapt to change will do well and those that 
can’t, that are – you can already see companies that are not adapting and, to me, they’re failing. 
Whether or not those are interesting opportunities if they com e to market or not is to be determined. 
But increasingly we have a toehold in almost every asset class that organically we can work from, 
which is really an interesting place for us to be.  
 
<Q – Chris Allen – Evercore Partners (Securities)>: Okay. Thanks a  lot, guys. 
 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Alex Kramm of UBS. You may begin.  
 
<Q – Alex Kramm – UBS Securities LLC>: Hey. Good morning, everyone. 
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Hi, Alex. 
 
<Q – Alex Kramm – UBS Secu rities LLC>: So I understand that this might be a complete waste 
of a question given the disclaimer at the beginning, but, Scott, given that NYX also reported results 
this morning and obviously you did, do you have numbers for us in terms of any sort of ad justments 
we should be thinking about for pro formas, i.e., revenue adjustments, intangible amortization, any 
other merger expenses, or do we have to stay tuned here?  
 
<A – Scott Hill – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: No, you can stay tuned, but I’ll tell  you, it 
hasn’t changed a lot in terms of some of the things you mentioned from what we discussed earlier. I 
think the intangibles that go away on the NYX side are going to look a lot like the intangibles we put 
in place, so roughly a push. But I think our  intention would be, as Jeff alluded to in his prepared 
remarks, is to go into a lot more detail on that, on synergies, on the balance sheet on the call in the 
next couple of weeks.  
 
<Q – Alex Kramm – UBS Securities LLC>: All right, understood. And then ma ybe I know this is 
about the deal too, so maybe a little bit too early as well, but, Jeff, in particular on the tech 
business, I think there has been more and more questions coming out, and bigger picture, I think 
you’ve taken a bigger look at that busines s, I think you’ve talked to bankers about opportunities 
there. So in the early days, do you think there are a lot of opportunities to change that business 
around? And maybe more specifically, I think there are a couple of businesses in there that are 
actually losing money, and just wondering what your appetite is to cut the cords early relative to 
maybe the previous management teams that had long -term aspirations for those businesses. 
Thanks. 
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Yeah, I mean, I think the nice thing about 
our merger is we have a much bigger scale and platform, so that no one business is particularly 
material. So, it gives us license to take a look at them and say do we want to make a long -term play 
here or is it outside of o ur core competence and is it something that it may be better for others to 
invest in. And we’ve already done that on a business -by-business basis and very, very detailed of 
not just the technology businesses, but all of the businesses that we have in our c ombined portfolio, 
and I’ll talk about it in the next few weeks. We’ve made a lot of headway in how we can move. I 
think what you’ll see as a result of that, relatively quickly after the deal closes we can start to effect 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. ICE Q3 2013 Earnings Call  Nov. 5, 2013 
Company▲ Ticker▲  Event Type▲ Date▲ 
 
       w w w .Ca llStre e t.com  •  1-877 -F ACTS ET  •  Copyright © 2001 -20 13 CallStreet  
 
13 
the integration of those parts of the business that work well for us and separation from those parts 
of the business that are better owned by others.  
 
<Q – Alex Kramm – UBS Securities LLC>: All right. Thought I’d see what I can get. Thanks 
though. 
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExch ange, Inc.>: Thank you. 
 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Niamh Alexander of KBW. You may begin.  
 
<Q – Niamh Alexander – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.>: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. 
On the energy, if I could go back to ICE standalone,  because it’s still the biggest driver of the 
revenue that we see, what can you share with us or update us in terms of the gas markets and just 
maybe some of the structural issues in the physical delivery and supply of gas? Are you 
encouraged by maybe some  of the changes over the last six months or so, or help us think about 
what might happen in here or what we should be looking for that maybe could help resuscitate 
some of the trading activity with a normalized supply/demand [ph] in balance (47:28)?  
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Yeah. Thanks, Niamh. I think what we’re 
seeing is that the volatility in natural gas this year is about half of what it was last year. So, volatility 
is still a major driver of people’s hedging activity. Mor e recently, we’ve seen some cold weather in 
the United States that has – and we’ve had some very big days on days when there’s sort of 
unexpectedly cold weather. We’re getting back into the weather months of heating for much of the 
United States and North America that unexpected behavior there tends to drive trading for us.  
 
But more broadly, we still are very bullish on natural gas, and it’s why we brought Endex. In 
addition to giving us an exchange in continental Europe – which is important to us given th e 
regulatory change that’s going on, it’s important for us to have a total hold there, it gives us a [ph] 
culture (48:28) dialogue with the continental market. We already have a very strong position in the 
UK market and we’re working obviously down in Braz il in the energy markets down there, we have 
a strong investment in Asia on energy markets and we tend to think that natural gas is going to 
globalize and that the United States with this shale gas and very low cost gas and technology that’s 
increasing is going to create demand for natural gas to move around the world.  
 
So, we’re making a long -term global play in gas. It’s frustrating that there hasn’t been a lot of 
volatility; it’s probably good for us as consumers, but frustrating for those of us that man age risk 
management. And it’s one of those things that can just change on a moment’s notice due to 
weather and supply disruption and everything else that goes on in the gas business.  
 
<A – Scott Hill – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Yeah. And you add to that the fact that in 
Europe – I mean, North American natural gas clearly was down, but European natural gas 
revenues were up over 30% year -over-year in the third quarter. So, our investments there are 
starting to pay off, and as it does become a more glob al commodity, I think our presence in both 
geographies is going to be a meaningful competitive advantage.  
 
<Q – Niamh Alexander – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.>: Okay, fair enough. Thanks. That’s 
helpful. And then I guess it is a kind of merger -related, no n-merger related, but your play on kind of 
the market structure reform, OTC clearinghouses and whatnot, clearly you’ve kind of got your 
strong position in the credit clearing. What does NYX bring to the table or what does it open up for 
you? I mean, you’ve got more in your clearinghouses there now that you could kind of maybe offer 
clients that could net against, but help me think about where you see other opportunities coming 
out of the market structure reform.  
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchang e, Inc.>: Well, obviously, with the Liffe clearing 
business moving into our clearinghouse we’ve also been moving into the clearing of interest rate 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. ICE Q3 2013 Earnings Call  Nov. 5, 2013 
Company▲ Ticker▲  Event Type▲ Date▲ 
 
       w w w .Ca llStre e t.com  •  1-877 -F ACTS ET  •  Copyright © 2001 -20 13 CallStreet  
 
14 
futures markets. And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, just since making that move, we’ve 
launched dozens of new interest rate products that Liffe had a desire to get into. But we’re in a 
unique position in the rates business, where with the Liffe business, the Liffe U.S. business and the 
LIBOR administration, we’ve kind of bracketed the U.S., Europe in t he futures space, and LIBOR 
gives us a position in the cash space. We’ve got a great OTC platform that you mentioned that 
we’ve built in the credit space and all the relationships and workflow connectivity there. So, I think it 
will give us a platform to g o after more unique businesses in the rate space and things that are 
related to interest that will have an offset against that futures portfolio. That’s been a very powerful 
tool that others have been using, as you’ve seen, and I would expect that we’ll fi nd some 
meaningful share of business with customers that are capital sensitive and capital constrained.  
 
<Q – Niamh Alexander – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.>: So you think you could take some 
share from a very large incumbent maybe in interest rate swaps clearing? 
 
<A – Jeff Sprecher – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: I don’t know that I would think of it in 
share, and in fact, I don’t think of – we never run the business to take share, because you can buy 
market share in this industry, and I’m looking at can we create innovative products that have 
meaningful value for customers and those may be new things that we’ll ultimately report on 
probably as share of an increasing market. But I do think the pie for people in this business will be 
getting bigger and I think the opportunities for those that can navigate that will do well.  
 
We are starting with an interest rate platform that is very European -centric inside Liffe. We’ve got a 
customer clearing model already rolled out for credit there and a lot of infras tructure and workflow 
to deal with trade allocation and other things. So, we have a neat portfolio of tools that I think will 
allow us to find a way to enter that business that will be accretive for our shareholders.  
 
Operator:  Thank you. [Operator Instru ctions] In the interests of time, we’d like to ask that the 
remaining callers please ask one question. Our next question is from Chris Harris of Wells Fargo 
Securities. You may begin.  
 
<Q – Chris Harris – Wells Fargo Securities LLC>: Thanks, guys. So some of your exchange 
peers have recently announced or instituted fee increases in data. I’m just wondering if you guys 
see any opportunities to increase fees either there or anywhere else on your platform. And as we 
think about the merged entity, do you guys t hink the combination will give you a little bit more 
pricing power than maybe ICE had on a standalone basis?  
 
<A – Scott Hill – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: Yeah, I don’t think we’ve historically looked at 
it as do we have pricing power. I think we’ve looked at it as do we have data that our customers find 
valuable, are there packages of that information that we can put together that will be more valuable. 
And it’s interesting that some people are moving now. We’ve been moving on that front for the past  
few years. In fact, if you look at our market data revenue in the quarter, at $40 million I think I said 
in my prepared remarks, that’s up 12% year -over-year and that’s because we did increase the 
prices. But again, it’s not because we had any particular power, it’s because as we continue to add 
more products, more asset classes on our exchange, we’ve got data that’s more interesting and 
more valuable to our customers and so they are willing to pay more to get access to more.  
 
Operator:  Thank you. Our nex t question is from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. You may begin.  
 
<Q – Alex Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.>: Great. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Just focusing 
on ICE’s core energy product and looking outside of nat gas and Brent, pretty nice growth year -
over-year at 25%, and I understand a lot of it is power -driven. But as you guys look out into the next 
year, what are the one or two products that you’re most excited about in the overall energy complex 
for growth aside from Brent and nat gas?  
 
    corrected transcript 
 
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc. ICE Q3 2013 Earnings Call  Nov. 5, 2013 
Company▲ Ticker▲  Event Type▲ Date▲ 
 
       w w w .Ca llStre e t.com  •  1-877 -F ACTS ET  •  Copyright © 2001 -20 13 CallStreet  
 
15 
<A – Scott Hill – IntercontinentalExchange, Inc.>: I think the one that really – in the quarter and 
for the year, our global oil products, which are the former OTC oil products, continue to perform 
very well, and our expectations are that that will continue as we move forward. As I mentioned in 
my prepared remarks, a lot of those products’ price is differentials off Brent, so trading in those 
products also helps with additional trading in Brent. So, our WTI volumes have been good. RBOB 
and heating oil are relatively sma ll but are growing quickly. So, as I look across the portfolio of the 
oil products, we feel very good about all of the oil products.  
 
And I’ll tell you the other thing is we kind of are in the midst of budget season. One of the leading 
indicators for our a gricultural products tends to be open interest. Open interest across our total ag 
complex is up as we’re getting towards the end of the year. Sugar volumes have been great, but 
more importantly, sugar OI has been building.  
 
So, as I look across the complex , I’m very bullish on the opportunities that exist in our oil and our ag 
complex. And again, frankly, as Jeff said, with natural gas, I look at our OI balance; a little bit of 
volatility move will mean good things for us in terms of volume in that business . 
 
Operator:  Thank you. I’m showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I’d like to turn the 
conference back over to Jeff Sprecher for closing remarks.  
 
Jeffrey C. Sprecher, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer  
Thank you, Shannon. Well, let me j ust say we’re excited about where we’re positioning the 
company and the work that lies ahead for us. I’m going to look forward, along with Scott, Chuck and 
Kelly, to get back to you on a similar call shortly to discuss the combined company once we close 
on our NYSE Euronext deal. And thank you all for joining us today.  
 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thanks for your participation. 
Have a wonderful day.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer 
The information herein is based on sources we believe to be reliable but is not guaranteed by us and does not purport to be a complete or error -free statement or summary of the 
available data. As such, we do not warrant, endorse or guarantee the completeness, accuracy, integrity, or timeliness of the information. You must evaluate, and bear all risks 
associated with, the use of any information provided hereunder, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, safety or useful ness of such information. This information is not 
intended to be used as the primary basis of investment decisions. It should not b e construed as advice designed to meet the particular investment needs of any investor. This report is 
published solely for information purposes, and is not to be construed as financial or other advice or as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any state where 
such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. Any information expressed herein on this date is subject to change without no tice. Any opinions or assertions contained in this information 
do not represent the opinions or beliefs of FactSet CallStreet, LLC. FactSet CallStreet, LLC, or one or more of its employees, including the writer of th is report, may have a position in 
any of the securities discussed herein. 
 
THE INFORMATION PROVIDED TO YOU HEREUNDER IS PROVIDED "A S IS," AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FactSet CallStreet, LLC 
AND ITS LICENSORS, BUSINESS ASSOCIATES AND SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SAME, EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND S TATUTORY, 
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IM PLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, AND NON-
INFRINGEMENT. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER FACTSET CALLSTREET, LLC NOR ITS OFFICERS, MEMBERS, D IRECTORS, 
PARTNERS, AFFILIAT ES, BUSINESS ASSOCIATES, LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR 
PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, SECURITY BREACH ES, VIRUSES, 
COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES OR COMMERCIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES IS A DVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES, ARISING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN OR ANY OTHER SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF. 
 
The contents and appearance of this report are Copyrighted FactSet CallStreet, LLC 2013. CallStreet and FactSet CallStreet, LLC are tradem arks and service m arks of FactSet 
CallStreet, LLC. All other tradem arks m entioned are tradem arks of their respective com panies. All rights reserved. 
 