Intercontinental	Exchange	Inc	at	Goldman	Sachs	US	Financial	Services	Conference
New	York	Dec	7,	2016	(Thomson	StreetEvents)	--	Edited	Transcript	of	Intercontinental	Exchange	Inc	presentation	Wednesday,
December	7,	2016	at	3:50:00pm	GMT
CORPORATE	PARTICIPANTS
					
Jeffrey	Sprecher,	Intercontinental	Exchange,	Inc.	-	Chairman	&	CEO
CONFERENCE	CALL	PARTICIPANTS
					
Alex	Blostein,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
					
Jimmy	Hannan,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
PRESENTATION
Alex	Blostein
,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
Thanks	for	joining	us	everybody,	we'll	get	started	with	our	next	session.	
Next	up,	it's	my	pleasure	to	introduce	Jeff	Sprecher,
Founder,	Chairman	and	CEO	of	ICE.	
Over	the	years,	ICE	has	evolved	into	the	most	diversified	network	of	global	exchanges	and
clearing	houses,	which	has	now	been	also	further	transformed	into	a	leading	data	business	with	the	most	recent	acquisition	of	IDC,
which	closed	I	guess	about	a	year	ago	this	point.	
Importantly	ICE	continues	to	deliver	double-digit	EPS	growth	among	the	highest
in	the	exchange	space,	which	remains	a	cornerstone	principle	for	the	Company,	which	I'm	sure	we'll	get	to	talk	more	about	to	Jeff
today.	
So	thank	you	so	much	for	being	with	us	and	welcome.
Jeffrey	Sprecher
,	Intercontinental	Exchange,	Inc.	-	Chairman	&	CEO
Thank	you	for	having	me,	Alex.
Alex	Blostein
,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
So	let's	just	jump	into	the	business.
Jeffrey	Sprecher
,	Intercontinental	Exchange,	Inc.	-	Chairman	&	CEO
Welcome	to	the	world	of	financials.
Alex	Blostein
,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
So	let's	start	with	the	data	business.	
Obviously	it's	been	a	huge	focus	for	you	guys	over	the	last	year,	lots	of	changes	and	the	way	I
want	to	kind	of	structure	the	discussion	around	the	near	term	and	the	longer	term	opportunity	for	this	business.	
So	in	2016,	you're
on	track	to	deliver	something	like	seven	plus	percent	organic	growth	in	the	business.	
You	talked	about	something	in	probably	more
4%	to	5%	range	for	next	year	if	you	exclude	the	recent	acquisitions	that	you	made.	
What	are	the	some	of	the	parts	of	the	business
that	you're	more	excited	about	versus	you're	more	nervous	about	into	2017	relative	to	what	we	saw	in	2016?	
And	I	guess	more
importantly,	what	do	you	think	is	a	reasonable	kind	of	sustainable	long-term	growth	for	the	data	business	for	ICE?
Jeffrey	Sprecher
,	Intercontinental	Exchange,	Inc.	-	Chairman	&	CEO
That's	a	big	question.	
First	of	all,	we've	been	in	--	I	started	the	Company	in	the	trading	business	and	the	data	has	always	been	the
exhaust	that	comes	from	trading.	
And	one	of	the	things	that	we	noticed	that	people	would	buy	the	data	every	day,	but	they	would
make	a	separate	decision	on	whether	they	were	going	to	trade	every	day.	
So	as	a	manager,	the	data	business	has	always	been
alluring	because	it's	consistent	and	it's	easy	for	me	to	predict.	
So	when	my	CFO	gave	guidance	on	the	call	that	you're	referring	to,
he	basically	said,	I	think	we're	going	to	do	data	sales	next	year,	the	growth	in	data	sales	next	year,	at	least	equal	to	what	we've
done	this	year,	which	is	about	to	double	of	what	our	peers	are	doing.	
And	so	we	feel	pretty	good	about	the	model	we've	built	and
the	fact	that	we	think	it	can	grow	above	the	norm	and	it's	partly	because	of	the	breadth	of	data	that	we	have	right	now	and	I	think
that's	a	long-term	sustainable	trend.	
We	have	some	proprietary	data	and	we	have	some	commoditized	data	and	we	also	have
some	wires	and	screens,	so	that	we	can	deliver	data.	
And	we	can	put	those	packages	together	to	serve	you	all	in	various	different
ways	that	bundle	that	and	ultimately	may	reduce	your	cost,	but	increase	the	spend	with	ICE.	
And	I	think	that	--	it's	interesting,	there
is	more	focused	on	the	spend	for	data,	but	yet	you	and	I	are	all	spending	more	on	data.	
It's	quite	interesting	that	we	see	people
wanting	more	and	more	information,	and	so	I	just	don't	see	anything	that's	going	to	break	that	trend	for	a	while.
Alex	Blostein
,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
Makes	sense.	
Let's	talk	a	little	bit	about,	I	guess,	about	the	strategic	structure	of	the	two	businesses.	
So	the	trading	and	clearing
segment	and	data	segment,	how	do	the	two	complement	each	other	and	what	should	we	think	of	them	as	really	kind	of	separate
parts	of	the	business	now?
Jeffrey	Sprecher
,	Intercontinental	Exchange,	Inc.	-	Chairman	&	CEO
We've	really	organized	ourselves	so	that	it's	a	holistic	single	business	in	the	sense.	
We	reported	as	two	segments,	because	one	is
very	variable,	particularly	levered	to	volatility	and	the	other	one,	as	I	mentioned,	the	data	business	is	consistent	and	growing,	so
we've	reported	them	two	ways	because	we	sort	of	manage	the	business	and	look	at	the	revenues	two	way,	but	the	reality	is	it's	a
holistic	business.	
Traders	need	information	to	trade,	increasingly	there	algorithms	that	are	making	trading	decisions,	passive
investors	that	are	benchmark	to	indices	that	are	making	decisions	based	on	data.	
So	trading	decisions	are	being	made	that	way,
but	now	increasingly,	you've	got	the	mid	and	back	office,	that	needs	data	to	mark-to-market,	needs	data	for	regulatory	purposes	to
report	out	for	audit	purposes,	and	so	that's	all	in	the	way	Goldman	Sachs	operates	their	trading	desk	with	the	front,	mid	and	back
office.	
It's	increasingly	becoming	a	holistic	part	of	a	single	operation	and	that's	how	we're	addressing	it,	with	trading	and	clearing.
Alex	Blostein
,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
Okay.	
Let's	talk	about	some	of	the	market	trends	and	you	talked	a	lot	about	market	fragmentation	and	that's	being	one	of	the
drivers	of	the	increased	consumption,	especially	around	exchange	streaming	data	for	ICE.	
At	the	same	time,	competition	to	your
point	in	some	of	the	products	is	becoming	a	little	bit	more	intense.	
So	when	we	take	a	step	back	and	we	think	about	this	continued
fragmentation,	potential	spilling	into	other	asset	classes,	is	it	a	net	positive,	net	neutral,	net	negative	for	ICE	as	you	think	about	the
whole	products	you're	offering	today?
Jeffrey	Sprecher
,	Intercontinental	Exchange,	Inc.	-	Chairman	&	CEO
Yes,	it's	--	I've	been	talking	about	--	as	you	mentioned,	I've	been	talking	about	this	as	a	trend	for	years	and	we've	organized	the
Company	geographically	with	exchanges	and	clearing	houses	in	various	jurisdictions,	and	now	data	in	various	asset	classes,
because	we	really	believe	there's	going	to	be	continued	fragmentation	of	markets.	
One	of	the	things	that	happened	in	the
conversion	from	analog	to	digital	exchanges	is	that	trading	can	now	--	an	entrepreneur	can	list	a	product	on	a	network	and	create	a
network	virtually	overnight	as	opposed	two	years	ago	when	he	had	[open	our	product	exchange]	where	he	had	a	piece	of	real
estate	and	the	infrastructure	to	support	that.
Today,	it's	much	easier	to	create	competition	for	trading	and	we	have	these	techniques	of	paying	for	order	flow	where	there	will	be
some	people	that	are	willing	to	move	their	business	if	you	pay	them.	
So	it's	easy	to	compete.	
We	also	--	we	got	used	to	particularly
in	the	commodities	and	derivatives	worlds	of	sitting	in	one	location	and	doing	business	24	hours	a	day	around	the	world,	and	that's
being	fragmented	by	changes	in	regulation,	capital	requirements	and	other	things.	
So	it's	Balkanize.	
So	these	two	trends	are
converging	and	there's	just	going	to	be	much	more	fragmentation.	
So,	I've	built	the	Company	to	benefit	from	that.	
I	don't	think	it's
good	for	the	market,	and	publicly	we	advocate	against	fragmentation,	but	I	think	it's	partly	an	inevitability,	and	so	we've	designed
the	Company	to	profit	from	it.
So	you'll	hear	me	kind	of	speak	out	of	both	sides	of	my	mouth,	which	is	--	there	is	the	ethical	side	of	me	that	thinks	we	should	do
the	right	things	for	markets	and	then	there's	a	side	of	me	that	runs	a	public	company	that's	going	to	profit	from	the	chaos	that's
being	created.	
And	we've	built	a	good	chaos	capture	device.	
Years	ago	--	we	have	a	big	presence	in	London	of	trading	and
clearing,	and	data	dissemination.	
And	years	ago,	we	decided	we	should	get	on	to	the	continent	--	on	the	European	continent	and
we	bought	an	exchange	there,	and	then	we	bought	a	clearing	house	and	we've	linked	the	two	up,	thinking	that	Europe	and	the	UK
may	actually	divorce	at	some	point	and	true	enough,	that's	what's	going	on.
So	we've	been	very	well	positioned	to	benefit	from	what	is	probably	not	a	helpful	trend.	
And	you	can	see	it	in	our	growth.	
We've
record	open	interest	in	trading,	we're	going	to	have	record	revenues	this	year.	
We	have	lots	of	trading	volumes	that	are	at	record
highs,	we're	going	to	have	record	data	sales.	
So	the	Company	is	profiting	from	all	of	that,	but	unfortunate	I	think	it's	inevitability,
particularly	for	you	all	in	the	audience	that	are	trying	to	manage	risk	and	find	opportunity.
Alex	Blostein
,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
Makes	sense.	
Let's	talk	about	the	pricing	power	of	the	data	business	for	a	second.	
Up	until	now	and	again,	you	really	need	to	push
into	data	probably	a	year,	a	year	and	a	half	ago,	but	up	until	now,	you	spent	a	lot	of	your	time	and	focus	around	new	products,	new
solutions,	analytics,	things	like	that	really	driving	growth.	
But	taking	a	step	back,	it	feels	like,	once	somebody	moves	these
products,	they	become	incredibly	sticky	and	the	integral	part	of	the	processes.	
How	much	pricing	power	do	you	think	you	guys	will
have	in	these	businesses	over	time?
Jeffrey	Sprecher
,	Intercontinental	Exchange,	Inc.	-	Chairman	&	CEO
Yes.	
It's	interesting	to	talk	about	pricing	power	and	data,	because	let	me	give	you	some	context,	which	is	the	price	of	the	data	is
collapsing	and	has	been	collapsing	since	we	went	from	analog	to	digital,	but	the	amount	of	data	that	you	and	I	are	consuming	is
increasing	and	if	you	multiply	the	two	together,	the	overall	wallet	is	getting	bigger	and	bigger	and	bigger,	but	the	actual	unit	price	of
data	is	collapsing.	
So	when	we	talk	about	pricing	power,	it's	really	changing	the	direction	of	the	downward	slope,	but	it's	still	a
downward	pricing	--	change	in	the	downward	price,	not	necessarily	upward.	
What	do	I	mean	by	that?	
When	ICE	used	to	sell
commodity	data,	when	I	first	started	the	Company,	we	had	four	products.	
Today	we	have	thousands	of	products	that	you	are
buying	on	our	tape.	
The	price	to	buy	the	entire	tape	has	gone	up,	but	the	unit	price	for	each	commodity	has	dramatically	going
down.	
So	what	we	see	happening	is	as	more	markets	digitize,	more	information	digitizes,	people	want	to	take	that	information	on	a
wire	and	are	willing	to	pay	for	it	and	the	wallet	is	getting	bigger,	even	though	my	unit	price	has	been	collapsing.
We	have	--	if	you	look	at	my	portfolio,	we're	kind	of	unique	in	the	data	space	and	the	people	have	ranked	us	as	the	third	largest
data	provider,	behind	the	Number	1	and	Number	2,	which	are	resellers	of	other	people's	data,	and	what	we're	doing	is	really	selling
our	own	information,	we	don't	resell	anybody	else's	information.	
Some	of	the	information	that	we	have	is	highly	proprietary	and	sort
of	hard	to	glean,	some	of	it	is	highly	commoditized	and	easy	to	get	elsewhere.	
And	so	what	we've	tended	to	do	and	the	reason	that
we've	been	successful	and	going	back	to	your	first	question,	the	reason	I	think	we're	going	to	grow	well,	is	we	can	provide	a	bundle
sort	of	an	enterprise	package	to	people	where	we	say,	look,	you're	going	to	buy	this	proprietary	data	from	us	and	you're	cost
conscious.	
So	why	don't	you	buy	all	of	this	commoditized	data	from	us.	
We'll	bundle	it	all	together	and	give	you	of	a	macro	deal,
and	by	the	way,	we	don't	care	if	you	want	to	buy	it	on	a	screen,	we	don't	care	if	you	want	to	buy	it	on	a	wire,	or	we	don't	care	if	you
want	us	to	send	you	an	end-of-day	file,	I	really	don't	care	how	you	want	to	digest	the	information,	we	have	all	of	those	metrics	and
we	can	charge	you	different	things	for	different	delivery	devices.	
So	let's	work	out	an	arrangement.	
And	that	has	been	very	well
received	in	an	environment	where	people	are	conscious	of	the	fact	that	their	data	spend	is	going	up.
Alex	Blostein
,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
Switch	gears	a	little	bit,	let's	talk	about	cash,	equities,	market	data	for	a	second.	
Occasionally	there	is	always	an	outcry	in	the
industry	around	pricing	and	increases	in	pricing	within	cash	equity	space,	probably	a	little	bit	more	recently	than	not.	
How	do	you
think	about	that	for	ICE,	sustainability	of	pricing	in	cash	equities	and	really	growth	in	that	specific	bucket?
Jeffrey	Sprecher
,	Intercontinental	Exchange,	Inc.	-	Chairman	&	CEO
Yes,	it's	a	highly	competitive	space.	
There've	been	a	lot	of	--	there	been	lawsuits	against	the	exchanges	and	actions	by
governments,	investigate	and	every	one	of	these	continues	to	show	that	it's	a	very	competitive	space.	
And	if	you	look	at	the	price
of	data	for	the	US	equities	market,	it's	been	collapsing	just	as	I've	said	over	a	long	period	of	time.	
However,	people	want	more
data,	there	is	more	fragmentation,	so	they	want	to	see	all	the	markets,	there	is	--	people	want	data	faster,	people	want	data
cleaner,	there	are	all	kinds	of	add-on	services	that	are	going	on	and	that	we're	providing	that	are	increasing	the	wallet	even	though
the	unit	price	of	data	is	collapsing.
So,	yesterday,	one	of	our	competitors	announced	a	big	price	decrease	in	the	fees,	if	you	will,	and	that	continues	to	go	on.	
But	the
real	value	that	we	see	is	what	can	we	do	to	that	data.	
So	we	have	a	data	center	by	the	way	where	the	New	York	Stock	Exchange	is
located	and	I've	been	moving	more	of	my	data	businesses	into	that	data	center.	
And	one	of	the	things	that	we	see	is	that	people
are	buying	bigger	pipes	now.	
They	say,	okay,	I've	got	New	York	Stock	Exchange	data,	have	the	[options	opera	SIFF	data	there],
and	we've	got	a	bunch	of	new	data	from	ICE.	
I'm	going	to	move	from	a	10-gigabit	to	40-gigabit	pipe.
Well,	we've	a	network	and	I'll	sell	you	the	bigger	pipe.	
And	so	we	continue	to	see	ways	of	monetizing	the	fact	that	all	of	us	in	this
room	are	just	literally	on	a	personal	basis	and	on	a	professional	basis	dealing	with	more	digital	information.	
And	I	don't	see
anything	that's	going	to	change	that	trend.	
I	don't	believe	my	personal	smartphone	bill	is	going	to	be	dramatically	different	10	years
from	now	than	it	is	today.	
I	literally	think	it's	going	to	be	higher.	
And	I	think	I'm	becoming	more	dependent	on	that	thing.	
It	used	to
be,	you	go	to	a	restaurant	and	there	was	Pear	Clafoutis	on	the	menu	and	you	would	ask	the	waiter	what	is	Pear	Clafoutis.	
Now	you
look	down	on	your	lap	and	you	Google	Pear	Clafoutis	and	you	read	what	it	is	instead	of	asking	the	guy.	
Now	that's	--	I	think	we	all	-
-	I	knew	that	anyway,	I	don't	know	if	you	do,	but	--	I	honestly	don't	know	what	Pear	Clafoutis	is	sitting	here	today.	
I	would	have
Google	it.	
But	my	point	is	we	just	gotten	used	to	researching	information,	dealing	with	information	on	our	own,	even	though	there	is
a	waiter	standing	right	here,	he	is	going	to	take	your	order,	he'd	be	happy	to	answer	the	question.	
And	that	behavior	I	think	is	just	--
it's	going	through	the	way	we	do	business.
Alex	Blostein
,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
Makes	sense.	
Let's	switch	gears	entirely,	and	talk	a	little	bit	about	the	trading	businesses.	
The	oil	markets	have	been	obviously
very	volatile	over	the	last	year	or	so	and	you	guys	have	put	out	very	strong	results	in	the	oil	business	for	multiple	years	now,	but
this	year	is	obviously	very	strong	for	you	with	open	interest	continues	to	rising.	
Talk	a	little	bit	about	where	is	the	incremental
demand	coming	from,	and	also	on	the	competitive	side,	obviously	there's	been	a	number	of	people	trying	to	break	more
aggressively	to	this	market	with	pretty	aggressive	pricing	tactics.	
What	gives	you	confidence	that	your	core	end-user	base	is	not
going	to	ultimately	follow	the	lower	pricing	and	move?
Jeffrey	Sprecher
,	Intercontinental	Exchange,	Inc.	-	Chairman	&	CEO
So	there	are	two	benchmark	contracts	in	the	world.	
There's	West	Texas	Intermediate,	which	is	US	oil	and	there's	a	Brent,	which	is
global	oil.	
Brent	is	the	global	oil	marker	that	most	of	the	commercial	users	use	and	we're	the	largest	venue	for	trading	Brent.	
And	if
you	look	at	(inaudible)	we	have	record	open	interest	right	now.	
We	had	some,	obviously	some	record	volumes	after	the	changes
that	OpEx	just	recently	made	are	alleged	to	make.	
And	we're	doing	very,	very	well	with	that	global	oil	marker.	
And	then	you	have
WTI,	which	is	the	US	marker	and	that's	very	levered	to	changes	in	fracking	here,	what	is	the	incremental	cost	of	fracking,	are	we
going	to	get	more	US	fracking,	are	there	going	to	changes	in	regulation,	are	they	going	to	allow	more	fracking,	and	also	the	fact
that	that	oil	has	got	a	complicated	distribution	system	in	the	sense	that	there	aren't	great	pipeline	to	service	that	area.	
And	so
storage	issues	come	up	all	the	time.	
So	you've	got	kind	of	two	different	sets	of	trends	that	they're	both	oil,	but	at	any	given	time,
one	may	have	more	volume	than	the	other.	
So	for	us,	it's	important	to	have	both,	but	having	the	global	oil	marker	Brent	has	really
been	a	tremendous	asset,	a	flagship,	if	you	will,	to	get	people	to	come	into	our	store.
When	they	come	into	our	stores,	to	answer	the	second	part	of	your	question,	we	have	dozens	and	dozens	and	dozens	of	other
petroleum	related	contracts	that	are	more	specific,	different	grades,	different	products	that	come	out	of	a	barrel	and	different
delivery	points	that	really	allow	a	commercial	user	to	fine-tune	the	way	they	hedge.	
And	having	that	broad	suite	and	having	that	for
years	and	working	with	the	industry	to	develop	those	products	is	something	that	will	be	very,	very	hard	for	a	competitor	to	--	it'll	take
decades	for	people	to	get	to	where	we	are	because	we've	done	that	over	decades.	
And	we've	got	very	big	customers	that	we	work
with,	and	are	loyal	to	us	that	we	talk	to	every	day,	and	appreciate	the	service	we're	providing.	
So	they're	not	going	to	be	easy	to
peel	away.
Alex	Blostein
,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
Let's	talk	about	pricing	within	trading	for	a	second.	
So,	your	largest	competitor	in	US	recently	announced	modest	pricing	increases
for	a	suite	of	their	trading	product.	
We	haven't	seen	you	guys	do	that	a	time	--	or	really	ever	in	the	recent	kind	of	history.	
How	do
you	think	about	pricing	power	on	the	trading	side	of	things	and	at	what	point	of	time	do	you	think	you'll	be	able	to,	if	you	want	to,
raise	prices?
Jeffrey	Sprecher
,	Intercontinental	Exchange,	Inc.	-	Chairman	&	CEO
Yes,	we've	been	fortunate	in	that	we've	been	able	to	grow	volume.	
And	I	think	for	Brent	Crude,	just	going	back	to	Brent,	for
example,	I	think	this	year	will	likely	be	our	19th	consecutive	year	of	record	growth.	
So	we	haven't	had	to	touch	pricing	really	much
because,	why	would	you	do	that	if	everything	else	is	going	well,	but	if	you	talk	about	price	increases	a	lot	of	time	those	are	headline
numbers	and	those	aren't	really	the	numbers	that	people	pay.	
And	our	largest	competitor	actually,	their	rate	per	contract	has	been
going	down	while	the	headline	number	has	been	going	up.	
And	so	there	is	something	going	on	there	where	there's	actually
rebates,	payment	for	order	flow	and	other	things	that	are	not	healthy	in	my	mind.	
And	so,	I	try	to	avoid	that	kind	of	business,	I	find
that	if	we	can,	--	I	don't	like	the	payment	for	order	flow	concept,	I've	been	vocal	about	it	for	years.	
I	don't	like	kickbacks,	I	don't	like
paying	intermediaries,	where	the	end	user	doesn't	know	that	the	intermediary	has	a	vested	interest	in	advice.	
Those	kind	of
behaviors	I	don't	think	are	helpful	for	markets.	
So	we	tend	to	avoid	them.
So	some	of	the	pricing	techniques	that	our	competitors	are	using,	we	just	don't	follow.	
And	I	would	just	say	to	you	that	it	doesn't
necessarily	yield	the	results	that	you	think	it	will,	which	is	partly	why	we	don't	follow	them.
Alex	Blostein
,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
Let's	switch	gears	entirely.	
I	want	to	spend	a	couple	minutes	in	regulation.	
Obviously	a	lots	of	focus	on	the	topic	over	the	last
couple	of	days	at	conference	but	really	since	the	election.	
We're	going	to	get	new	administration,	we're	going	to	probably	see
changes	at	both	CFTC	and	SEC.	You	guys	are	regulated	pretty	much	by	every	regulator	around	the	world.	
What	do	you	think
these	changes	could	mean	for	ICE	and	kind	of	futures	exchange	clearing	businesses	broadly?
Jeffrey	Sprecher
,	Intercontinental	Exchange,	Inc.	-	Chairman	&	CEO
Well,	I	think	it's	going	to	be	good	by	the	way,	because	our	costs	have	been	going	up	due	to	regulation.	
And	some	of	the	regulation
is	completely	not	helpful,	and	I	mean	not	helpful	to	investors,	not	helpful	to	me	as	a	manager	and	not	helpful	to	society	for	things
where	we're	having	to	report	information	to	different	--	the	same	information	to	dozens	of	different	entities	and	it's	going	into	a	black
hole	and	not	being	used.	
Some	of	this	stuff	has	almost	gotten	to	the	point	of	being	counterproductive.	
So	rolling	some	of	that	back,
which	I	hope	will	happen	globally	with	the	US-taking	leadership,	but	a	rethink	--	has	too	much	happen	too	fast	globally.	
I	think	it's
going	to	be	helpful.	
Why	will	be	helpful?	
I	think	it's	going	to	help	Goldman	Sachs	run	their	business	in	a	way	that	allows	you	to	take
more	risk	on	behalf	of	your	customers.	
I	think	for	you	in	the	audience	that	are	on	the	buy	side,	I	think	it's	going	to	removes	cost
from	you	and	allow	you	as	professional	managers	to	be	more	competitive	with	a	low	cost	algorithmic-type	stock	picking,	if	you	will.
And	so	I	think	it's	better	for	our	ecosystem.	
Specifically	to	my	business,	what's	interesting	is	that	the	movement	to	more
standardized	listed	contracts	and	cleared	contracts	was	happening	before	Dodd-Frank	happened.	
There	was	underlying	trend	of
movement	towards	more	standardized	cleared	contracts	already.	
Government	came	in	and	tried	to	institutionalize	that.	
In	a	weird
way,	that	was	helpful	as	a	tailwind	for	my	business,	but	then	they	became	very	prescriptive	about	the	dates	and	the	deadlines	and
who	and	when	and	why	and	how	that	somewhat	frustrated	what	would	have	ordinarily	been	an	organic	trend.	
And	I	think	if	they
back	off	a	little	bit,	that	organic	trend	will	come	back,	which	I	think	will	be	helpful.	
We	have	--	we	clear	credit	default	swaps	and	this
year,	we're	going	to	have	a	record	in	the	buy-side	participation	in	credit	default	swap	clearing.	
There	is	no	regulatory	mandate	for
the	buy	side	to	clear	credit	default	swaps.	
Not	one	hasn't	even	been	proposed.	
It's	likely	in	the	future	if	we	stay	on	the	same	trend,
the	government	will	want	to	propose	one,	but	there	is	nothing.	
Yet	the	buy	side	has	come	in.
I	think	it's	part	of	that	organic	movement	that	you	as	a	buy	side	have	gotten	more	comfortable	with	clearing,	you	like	the	,	you	like
the	counterparty,	some	of	the	things	that	we've	done	around,	the	governance	and	what	have	you,	you	impressed	the	buy	side,	and
there	is	just	kind	of	this	natural	trend.	
So	I	think	it	might	be,	oddly	for	my	Company	having	sort	of	a	jump-start	of	government
kicking	people	towards	us	and	then	stepping	out	of	the	way	maybe	the	best	possible	scenario	that	one	could	have	designed.
Alex	Blostein
,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
Shifting	gears	a	little	bit,	want	to	spend	a	couple	minutes	on	the	Q2	and	specifically	the	open	access	provision	as	we're	kind	of
getting	closer	and	closer	to	deadline.	
Spend	a	couple	minutes	on	your	latest	thoughts	around	open	access,	how	this	is	likely	to	go
and	get	implemented,	and	what	it	means	for	ICE's	European	business.
Jeffrey	Sprecher
,	Intercontinental	Exchange,	Inc.	-	Chairman	&	CEO
Yes,	I	think,	first	of	all	I	think	open	access	is	bad	for	the	market.	
So	I've	advocated	against	it	and	I	think	MiFID	II	is	a	terrible	piece
of	legislation	that's	adding	a	lot	of	cost	to	people	and	not	really	giving	them	the	--	giving	anybody	any	increased	benefit.	
So	I	don't
understand	the	giant	societal	cost	versus	what	the	anticipated	outcome	is.	
So	I'm	very	open	about	being	against	it,	that	being	said,
MiFID	II	sort	of	institutionalizes	the	incumbent	clearing	houses	of	which	I	have	one,	makes	it	less	likely	for	an	entrepreneur	to	ever
start	one,	forces	me	to	unbundle	my	services	to	you	all	instead	of	providing	it	as	a	bundle.	
I	just	talked	about	how	we're	benefiting
personally	my	Company	by	bundling	data	services,	so	that	you	have	a	lower	spend	and	easier	access.	
In	Europe,	they	want
everything	unbundled.	
And	the	overall	wallet	is	going	to	go	up.	
People	are	going	to	have	more	choice	but	as	a	result	of	it,	they're
going	to	spend	more.	
And	I'm	going	to	be	in	that	beneficiary	of	the	increased	wallet.	
So	I	think	my	Company	does	better	under	that
environment.	
But	I	don't	think	it's	healthy.	
So	I	talk	out	of	both	sides	of	my	mouth	where	I	advocate	against	it,	but	then	I	build	a
company	designed	to	profit	from.
Alex	Blostein
,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
Let's	talk	about	Brexit	and	LSE.	
I	think	on	the	most	recent	call,	interesting	you	talked	about	your	commitment	to	preserving	London
as	a	place	for	global	financial	markets.	
And	in	light	of	Brexit	and	if	LSE	does	end	up	moving,	you	actually	see	it	is	an	opportunity	for
ICE.	
Can	you	expand	on	that	a	little	bit	and	what	kind	of	revenue	opportunity	could	you	see	out	of	that	situation?
Jeffrey	Sprecher
,	Intercontinental	Exchange,	Inc.	-	Chairman	&	CEO
Sure.	
I	think	London	has	an	opportunity	here.	
There's	a	lot	of	negative	concern	about	London	if	you	read	the	press,	but	I	think
there's	very	little	positive	conversation	and	I've	partly	why	mention	is,	I	think	you	should	have	a	two	sided	discussion	about	it.	
And	I
think	that	the	UK	has	an	opportunity	to	rethink	its	financial	infrastructure,	its	regulation	of	financial	infrastructure,	and	rethink	its	tax
code	and	its	other	ways	of	attracting	business,	which	is	the	UK	that	existed	200	years	ago,	300	years	ago	when	commerce	--
global	commerce	sort	of	started	to	begin	to	gravitate	to	London	as	a	place	where	East	meets	West	under	the	Queen's	law	that
people	know	and	respect.	
And	so	getting	away	from	the	European	courts,	getting	back	to	the	Queen's	law,	rational	regulation,	low
tax	code,	business	friendly,	I	think	it's	an	opportunity	for	them	and	I	think	that	is	the	only	way	for	the	UK	to	really	do	well	post	Brexit.
So	that's	why	I	say	I'm	optimistic,	regardless	of	the	debate	people	are	having,	I	think	that's	where	it's	going	to	have	to	end	up	if	it
wants	to	do	well	and	I	think	that's	good	for	me	as	a	manager	that	has	a	business	in	Europe	and	I	think	it	will	be	good	for	all	of	us
that	run	global	operations	to	have	a	pro-business	low	tax	regime.	
Interestingly,	with	the	election	of	President	Trump,	they're	going
to	have	a	little	competition	if	you	believe	everything	that's	starting	to	come	out	of	the	administration,	which	is	the	same	vernacular,
more	rational	regulation	low	tax	pro-business	environment.	
So,	if	London	is	going	to	do	well	and	UK	is	going	to	do	well,	they've
really	got	to	get	on	with	that	idea,	because	otherwise	I	do	see	business	gravitating	back	to	the	US.
Europe	is	an	important	continent	for	us,	and	so	we	have	in	Amsterdam	an	exchange	and	a	clearing	house.	
We've	continued	to
invest	in	it,	we've	put	a	lot	of	new	technology	in	it.	
We	want	to	be	in	Europe	and	we	want	to	serve	Europe,	because	we	have
important	clients	there,	but	Europe	is	still	talking	about	financial	transaction	taxes,	Europe	is	the	one	that	came	up	with	this	MiFID
and	MiFID	II.	
And	so	they	at	least	directionally	seem	to	be	going	the	other	way.	
We	want	to	be	there	to	serve	them,	but	I	don't	think
that	global	business	is	going	to	come	to	Continental	Europe.	
I	do	think	global	business	can	come	to	the	UK	and	the	US	under	the
kind	of	direction	that	I	think	both	are	going	to	destined	to	head.
Alex	Blostein
,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
Let's	talk	about	London	and	LSE	for	second.	
So,	early	in	the	year,	you	decided	not	to	pursue	LSE	as	an	acquisition.	
If	for	whatever
reason,	Deutsche	Borse	and	LSE	does	not	happen,	would	you	reconsider?	
I	guess	that's	part	one.	
And	then	part	two,	if	it	does
close	what	kind	of	a	competitive	threat	do	you	think	that	creates	for	ICE's	European	business?
Jeffrey	Sprecher
,	Intercontinental	Exchange,	Inc.	-	Chairman	&	CEO
Well,	we	made	a	decision	not	to	pursue	it.	
And	I	was	pretty	public	about	the	decision	not	to	pursue	it	and	pretty	open	with	my
shareholders	and	you	as	an	analyst	that	I	didn't	know	what	the	company	was	worth	and	I	didn't	have	any	visibility	into	it	and	they
didn't	want	to	provide	us	any	visibility	and	nothing	about	that	has	changed.	
So	I	don't	know	what	the	company	--	I	don't	know	--	I
would	never	do	a	deal	that	isn't	a	good	deal	for	shareholders.	
And	I'm	a	shareholder,	in	my	Company,	every	employee	is	a
shareholder.	
And	the	management	team	who	I've	put	together,	his	work	with	me,	my	partners	are	all	shareholders	and	we	all	think
about	shareholder	value.	
And	if	we	can't	create	it,	then	we're	not	interested	in	it	and	I	don't	even	know	what	that	thing,	if	we	can	or
we	can't,	because	they	didn't	engage	with	us.	
So	it	was	easy	to	walk	away	and	nothing	about	their	deal,	success	or	failure	will	sort
of	change	that	view.
In	terms	of	success	or	failure,	they're	in	--	the	Brexit	change	complicates	doing	business	cross-border	in	Europe.	
And	I	don't	know
how	they're	going	to	navigate	that.	
I	don't	know	that	they	know	how	they're	going	to	navigate	it.	
It's	part	of	the	debate	that's	going
on	right	now	about	whether	the	deal	should	be	approved.	
So	it's	hard	to	know	what	they're	going	to	end	up	with,	and	which
regulator	they're	going	to	have	and	which	banks	are	--	European	Central	Bank	or	Bank	of	England's	going	to	oversee	them,	and
whether	they're	going	to	be	able	to	get	any	synergies	that	can	benefit	customers	out	of	the	deal	in	terms	of	cost	margining	or
anything	else.	
So	it's	really	hard	to	know	because	it's	such	a	politicized	deal	in	the	middle	of	a	political	debate	going	on	with	Brexit.
So	I	don't	fear	it	for	sure.	
I	think	it	is	a	complicated	web	that	they're	creating	over	there	that	are	going	to	take	years	to	figure	out
whether	it's	a	boy	or	girl.
Alex	Blostein
,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
Fair	enough.	
So	we	have	a	couple	minutes	left.	
So	I	want	to	make	sure	we	give	the	audience	chance	to	ask	some	questions.	
So	if
you	have	questions,	raise	your	hand.
QUESTIONS	AND	ANSWERS
Analyst:	
Unidentified	Audience	Member
Question	–	Unidentified	Audience	Member:	
Just	on	the	IDC	integration.	
So	the	cost	synergies	have	been	ahead	of	plan.	
In	a
way,	IDC	wasn't	a	single	company.	
It	was	kind	of	a	boutique	of	I	don't	know,	maybe	20	or	30	data	providers	that	have	been	really
not	integrated	and	you	had	to	assess	it	very	quickly.	
What's	the	chances	that	actually	the	potential	synergies	are	going	to	be
actually	greater	than	you	initially	thought	rather	than	just	kind	of	ahead	of	plan?
Answer	–	Jeffrey	Sprecher:	
So	let	me	just	step	back	and	tell	you	what	my	Company	does	well,	what	we	really	the	reason	we've
been	successful	is	that	we	know	what	we	do	well.	
We	do	well	taking	financial	information,	putting	it	in	databases	and	moving	it	in
and	out,	manipulating	it	with	algorithms	or	what	have	you	and	permissioning	who	can	see	what	when.	
That	is	my	business.	
So	IDC
as	you	rightly	said,	grew	up	--	even	in	an	individual	business	unit,	they	grew	up	saying,	well	Goldman	Sachs	wants	information,	so
I'm	going	to	build	a	specific	server	for	Goldman	Sachs	that	manages	data	for	Goldman	in	the	way	they	want	to	see	it,	and	they	had
different	servers	for	every	customer.
And	so	the	synergies	for	us	are	broadly,	they	are	technical	synergies	and	saying	you	know	what	we	want	to	build	a	single	financial
data	superstore	that	has	data	in	it.	
We	want	to	be	a	Costco,	or	a	Wal-Mart	and	low	cost	and	then	people	can	come	into	the	store
and	buy	what	they	want	to	buy,	but	we're	not	going	to	build	a	bespoke	system	for	every	person,	because	oddly	if	you	look	at	what
the	differences	are,	some	of	our	customers	use	365	days	a	year	as	a	calendar,	some	use	360,	some	use	250.	
We're	just	going	to
say,	look	a	year	is	a	year,	and	if	you	want	to	take	our	data	and	mathematically	multiply	it	by	360	instead	of	365,	you	can	do	that,	we
don't	have	to	do	it,	or	we'll	build	you,	here's	the	data	with	this	year,	here's	the	data	with	this	other	year,	here's	another	way	to	look
at	it,	here's	another	way	to	look	at	it.	
Here's	50	calendars,	you	pick	the	one	you	want.
So	that	will	take	time	and	people,	not	just	us	moving	from	individual	servers	to	the	superstore,	but	the	people	that	consume	our
data	are	going	to	have	to	build	things	on	their	end.	
IDC	had	been	apprehensive	to	touch	the	contraption.	
They	thought	nobody
would	be	open	to	the	idea	of	changing	it.	
We	went	out	and	started	talking	to	all	the	customers	and	they	said,	thank	God	you're
here.	
We	have	a	rats	nest	inside	our	organization,	why	don't	we	build	all	this	stuff	together	and	make	it	cleaner,	simpler,	easier.	
So
that's	the	opportunity	set.	
It's	hard	for	us	to	say	how	long	that	takes	because	it	involves	our	customers	making	some	changes	as
well	as	us,	but	I	can	tell	you	we're	well	along	with	the	major	users	of	our	information.	
They	tend	to	be	the	intermediaries	that	take
our	information	and	redistribute	it,	working	with	them	to	come	up	with	the	superstore.	
And	the	good	news	for	us	and	we	didn't	know
that	until	really	we've	got	deep	into	the	business	was	there	is	a	willingness	and	an	openness	to	revisit	the	way	information	moves
around	the	financial	services	space,	and	people	are	willing	to	spend	money	in	order	to	clean	up	their	own	house	and	that's	going
on	right	now.
Analyst:	
Alex	Blostein,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
Question	–	Alex	Blostein:	
I	think	we	have	one	more,	on	there.	
Jimmy.
Analyst:	
Jimmy	Hannan,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
Question	–	Jimmy	Hannan:	
Jeff,	it's	Jimmy	Hannan.	
As	I	think	back	five,	six,	seven	years,	there	was	large	scale	exchanges
consolidation.	
So	you	guys	made	a	play	on	CBOT,	CME,	eventually	got	more	to	trade.	
CME	and	NYMEX,	yourselves	and	NYSE.	
If
I	think	back	recently	or	more	recently,	there's	been	a	little	bit	of	activity	again	between	CBOE	and	BATS,	NASDAQ	and	ISE.	
And	I
think	about	the	evolution	of	the	model	that's	gone	from	transaction	business,	revenue	diversification	away	from	transactions,
clearing,	you	guys	have	been	on	the	lead	on	market	data.	
Are	there	opportunities	today	for	you	to	participate	in	large	scale	merger
of	exchanges	and	are	those	opportunities	still	present?	
And	if	so,	do	you	have	the	bandwidth	to	undertake	those?
Answer	–	Jeffrey	Sprecher:	
So,	let	me	just	say	one	other	trend	that's	going	on	that	underlies	exactly	what	you	said	is	that	what
we	have	found	--	my	Company	become	big	enough	that	we	tripped	a	wire	and	became	a	systemically	important	company.	
And	my
first	meeting	I	ever	had	with	the	US	Treasury	Secretary	here,	he	called	me	in	to	lecture	me	that	we're	not	spending	enough	time
and	attention	and	money	on	cyber	security	issues.	
And	when	you	get	that	lecture	from	somebody	that	important,	you	go	back	and
you	say,	okay,	I	got	to	change	my	behavior.
So	we	have	for	the	last	few	years	really	focused	on	vendor	management,	for	example,	who	can	come	in	our	building,	how	do	they
get	access	to	our	building,	who	can	come	in	our	data	center,	who	is	hooked	to	our	data	center,	what	software	is	in	our	data	center
and	what	is	the	maintenance	of	that	software	and	how	does	people	maintain	it,	do	they	come	in	and	are	they	hooked	to	us,	and	do
we	have	agreements	and	are	there	confidentiality	agreements,	and	everything	that	flows	from	that.	
And	so	a	lot	of	our	customers,
certainly	Goldman,	and	a	lot	of	our	customers	are	in	the	same	place	that	we	are	the	large	financial	services	firms.	
And	what	we
have	found	is	that	a	lot	of	our	customers	prefer	to	have	a	single	vendor	to	provide	a	breadth	of	services	that	can	do	so	under
conditions	that	the	[CFOs]	of	the	two	firms	can	talk	about	how	we're	going	to	handshake	with	each	other,	when	and	how,	and	what
the	barriers	are.	
And	do	that	under	the	agreements	that	can	be	audited	and	checks	and	balances.
And	so	it	means	to	me	that	there	are	smaller	companies	that	are	going	to	struggle	that	may	have	great	services,	entrepreneurs	that
are	going	to	start	great	ideas.	
There's	a	FinTech	revolution	going	on	as	we	know.	
But	people	are	going	to	struggle	to	get	through
that	gate	that	exists	there.	
So	I	think	there	will	continue	to	be	roll	ups	of	smaller	firms	and	the	people	that	can	overcome	that.	
And	I
think	there	will	be	more	of	an	appetite	for	larger	firms	to	even	get	larger	if	they	can	provide	those	services	better	and	give	the	end
user	some	benefit	of	that	larger	consolidation.
Analyst:	
Alex	Blostein,	Goldman	Sachs	-	Analyst
Question	–	Alex	Blostein:	
Okay,	great.	
Well,	I	think	we're	out	of	time,	Jeff.	
Thanks	so	much.
Answer	–	Jeffrey	Sprecher:	
Thank	you.
StreetEvents	transcripts	content	provided	by	Thomson	Reuters			
