May 6, 2026
1
From Zero to $10B in Two Years: The Stunning 
Rise of AI-Focused Situational Awareness
Leopold Aschenbrenner’s artificial-intelligence-focused Situational 
Awareness, which began trading in late 2024 with a few hundred million 
dollars, appears to have become one of the fastest-growing hedge fund start-
ups in history, with roughly $10 billion of net assets after 18 months, accord-
ing to two sources familiar with the firm.
Equally notable, Aschenbrenner has yet to reach his 25th birthday.
Aschenbrenner, who worked at OpenAI for a year before he was let go 
in 2024 and who founded Situational Awareness with at least $100 million, 
including anchor backing from the sibling founders of payment company 
Stripe, has laid up a series of superlatives with his firm, which is embracing 
AI as perhaps the most profound technological 
Millennium Management last month 
signed up a Singapore-based port-
folio manager with a background 
investing in the industrials sector and 
a U.S.-based fixed-income PM spe-
cializing in structured products and 
rates. The investment professional 
in Singapore, Vinay Vaswani, had 
worked since 2022 at soon-to-be-sold 
UBS O’Connor and previously cov-
ered industrials as a director during a 
separate seven-year run at UBS. UBS 
O’Connor, a multi-strategy hedge fund 
manager under the UBS umbrella, is 
being sold to Cantor Fitzgerald . The 
other portfolio manager, C a l eb Tom-
masini, will continue to work out of 
Colorado after serving as a senior 
PM at public-pension plan manager 
Colorado PERA. Earlier, Tommasini 
worked for BNP Paribas, Citigroup 
and Credit Suisse. Millennium, head-
quartered in New Y ork, has $84.2 bil-
lion under management.
A portfolio manager who spent time 
at both Schonfeld Strategic Advi-
sors and Citadel has moved to Veri -
MAY 6, 2026
THE  
GRAPEVINE Clear Street Axes High-Profile Execs, Others 
in Pivot to AI, Pursuit of ‘Talent Density’
Prime broker Clear Street laid off 52 staffers this week – about 6% of its 
staff – including longtime Goldman Sachs executive John Levene, who had 
just started in April of last year and who oversaw the firm’s brokerage busi-
ness. 
Now, the eight-year-old technology-first operation has Andy Volz, the 
firm’s chief commercial officer, absorbing the duties of both Levene and 
Mark Daniels, who headed prime-brokerage sales. Daniels, who also was let 
go, had only arrived in September and previously headed prime-brokerage 
clearing at Marex. Two of Clear Street’s three capital-introduction staffers – 
unit chief George Jamgochian and managing director Rich Mormile – are 
also gone.
After Broad Losses in March, L/S Equity Funds 
Snap Back With Best Showing Since 2016
Following a volatile and mostly punishing March, fundamental long/short 
equity hedge fund managers rebounded with force in April, recording their 
best month in a decade, as measured by Goldman Sachs’ prime-brokerage 
operation.
Goldman – the world’s largest prime broker to hedge funds by number 
of fund clients, according to Hedge Fund Alert’s annual analysis – reported 
that fundamental long/short funds rose 9.1% on average in April when cal-
culated on an asset-weighted basis. That marked the best monthly perfor -
mance since 2016.
The same funds, on an equal-weighted basis, gained 5.6% on average, sug-
gesting that larger managers outperformed their smaller  See GRAPEVINE on Back Page
2 Lucrative Event-Driven Fund Nears $2B
2 Firms Warn of Copycat Websites, Emails
3 Startup Scoops Up Saba’s Ops Co-Head
3 Balyasny Fund’s Latest Target Is $700M
3 Ex-Manager Launches Advisory Firm
7 LATEST LAUNCHES
 See SITUATIONAL on Page 5
 See CLEAR STREET on Page 5
 See APRIL on Page 6
May 6, 2026
2
Lucrative Event-Driven Fund Nears $2B
Market-beating manager Mangrove Partners , which 
turned 16 last month, was on the verge of $2 billion of net 
assets for its flagship fund following a five-year winning 
streak.
The Greenwich, Conn., firm’s event driven- and special 
situations-focused Mangrove Partners Fund had $1.9 bil-
lion after a first quarter in which it gained 5.2%, well above 
the 0.8% loss for the With Intelligence North America 
Event Driven Hedge Fund Index.
The fund managed $803 million at the start of 2021, 
when the winning streak began. It gained 83.5% that year 
– the best annual showing in the firm’s 16-year history – 
and followed up with increases of 25.9% in 2022, 23.3% in 
2023, 9.9% in 2024 and 4.4% last year.
Through the first quarter of 2026, the fund had deliv-
ered an annualized gain of 16.4% since inception in April 
2010 – more than double the 7.3% gain of the With Intel-
ligence event-driven index.
President and chief investment officer Nathaniel 
August founded Mangrove in 2010, naming the oppor -
tunistic value-oriented firm after the particularly durable 
shrub and tree species. Before Mangrove, August was a 
director at White Eagle Partners and worked as a senior 
analyst at Brahman Capital. He also spent time in analyst 
roles at K Capital and Goldman Sachs.
“In particular, we attempt to exploit opportunities 
resulting from market dislocations, company specific 
news, and forced selling, with an emphasis on smaller 
issues and process or legal complexity, ” Mangrove notes on 
its website. “We feel these attributes more frequently result 
in mispricing. ”
Mangrove’s portfolio consists of two categories: long/
short investments and event-driven strategies. The firm’s 
long book leans toward undervalued businesses with a 
catalyst that will unlock shareholder value. On the short 
side, Mangrove seeks to identify companies that are failing, 
fraudulent or capitalizing on fads.
In its event-driven portfolio, it deploys capital to oppor-
tunities across a variety of arbitrage and performing credit 
strategies. 
Firms Warn of Copycat Websites, Emails
Firms are increasingly warning about impostors setting 
up deceptive websites designed to separate investors from 
their money.
Altana Wealth, which last week emailed individual 
investors about what it called a fraudulent website that was 
using Altana’s name, was planning to add a public warning 
notice on its own site. 
SPX Capital had a security notice on its website this 
week, same as Schonfeld Strategic Advisors, which has 
been running its alert for about two months.
Marshall Wace has had a notice on its website since at 
least February warning about “fraudulent and phishing 
activities” using Marshall Wace’s name to lure people into 
entering chat groups or downloading apps.
Other fund managers tuck away such warnings in the 
less-visible Notices sections on the bottom of their web-
sites.
It was not clear whether any of the swindle attempts 
proved successful.
Some firms remain convinced that scammers are seek-
ing less-sophisticated investors than the firms’ existing 
clients, but still see value in publicly warning about fraud 
attempts.
Altana’s security identified a website under the domain 
name altanawealth.org that was operating as a cryptocur -
rency trading platform under the Altana Wealth brand. 
Altana’s official domain name is www.altanawealth.com.
Robin Eggar, head of media and communications for 
the London fund manager, told Hedge Fund Alert that 
Altana alerted investors personally and, to date, had found 
no instances of investors being contacted by impostors.
“We are informing all of the authorities, because we do 
not want somebody to be fooled by it, ” Eggar said.
Altana invests in credit, carbon, digital-assets, dis-
tressed-debt, social-impact and special-situations strat-
egies. The firm sought an immediate suspension of the 
altanawealth.org domain, filed a formal abuse report and 
blocked the domain across Altana’s internal security.
SPX has $11 billion under management and runs 
macro, equity, credit, real estate and private equity strate-
gies. SPX found unauthorized communications and web-
sites referencing its name, information and registration 
number.
“We emphasize that all information and communica-
tions regarding SPX’s products is available exclusively 
through SPX’s official channels and that SPX does not con-
tact individuals to offer its products, ” the Rio de Janeiro 
fund manager wrote on its website.
Schonfeld, a New Y ork multi-strategy firm with $19 
billion-plus under management, noted on its website that 
it had become aware of “unauthorized third parties creat-
ing fraudulent websites, mobile applications, and instant 
messaging groups (such as LINE, WhatsApp, Telegram, 
and WeChat) that misuse our name, logo, and intellectual 
property. These schemes are designed to deceive individu-
als into joining chat groups or downloading apps, which 
are then used to perpetrate fraud. ”
Todd Kaplan, principal and founder of Cloudbreak 
Compliance Group in New Y ork, said of scammers: “It’s 
what they do. I would imagine that when technology gets 
better, it’s only going to be easier to do this. ”
Kaplan said clients have received urgent-sounding 
emails purporting to be from representatives of the Finan-
cial Industry Regulatory Authority.
“First of all, Finra just doesn’t send these emails, ” he 
said, noting that firms need to con-  See FRAUD on Page 3
May 6, 2026
3
tinue to be diligent and to provide cybersecurity training 
when needed.
Daniel Viola, a partner in the investment management 
group at Seward & Kissel in New Y ork and head of the 
firm’s regulatory program, said fraud attempts are a “per-
sistent concern for investment advisors with websites. ”
“Compliance officers have to attempt to mitigate domain 
takeover risk. This is both a privacy risk and a cybersecu-
rity risk, ” he said.
Viola said investors should reach out to their firm con-
tact if they are wary of strange emails or calls or requests 
to transfer money.
“Scammers are sometimes thwarted by strong registry 
locks or out-of-band authentication, ” he said. “Y ou can 
also use monitoring alerts, strong passwords and multi-
factor authentication. ” 
Startup Scoops Up Saba’s Ops Co-Head
Startup Penumbra Investment has brought on another 
five employees, including an operations head who joined 
Saba Capital only five months earlier, as it gears up for a 
launch later this year.
The New Y ork multi-strategy manager last month 
signed up Ernie Constantine, who went to $6 billion Saba 
as co-head of operations in November after sitting out a 
six-month non-compete agreement with multi-strategy 
giant Balyasny Asset Management.
Constantine was at $34 billion Balyasny for 11 years, 
most recently as a director on the trading assistant team, 
and held an associate role at State Street . Outside of 
finance, Constantine was a longtime national referee for 
the U.S. Soccer Federation.
Other recent hires at Penumbra include chief risk officer 
Jan Faller this month, head of data Ethan Geismar last 
month, head of finance Kenny Wang in March and senior 
quant researcher Stefan D’Heedene in February. 
The five recent hires bring the employee head count to at 
least 13 at Penumbra, which was formed last year by man-
aging partner Lucas Rooney, formerly an Eisler Capital 
sub-portfolio manager who left before that firm closed late 
last year, and chief operating officer Scott Gaynor, who 
also held that job title at Myriad Asset Management.
Previous hires mentioned by Hedge Fund Alert or par-
ent With Intelligence include head of trading Dylan Coia, 
partner and research head Eli Lipsky, portfolio managers 
Allen Hoffmeyer and Y ash Diwan and partner and head 
of capital formation Ben Happ.
The seasoned Faller took a one-year break after serv-
ing as a chief risk officer at family office Mousse Partners, 
following roles at Pimco , Highbridge Capital, DWS and 
PanAgora Asset Management.
Geismar spent seven years at Jefferies, most recently as 
head of data and AI for equity research.
Wang spent nearly two decades at Morgan Stanley, 
where he was an executive director.
Earlier workplaces for D’Heedene include multi-strat-
egy commodity hedge fund Casement Capital and Mer -
rill Lynch. 
Balyasny Fund’s Latest Target Is $700M
Balyasny Asset Management anticipates it will have 
$700 million by June for a new drawdown vehicle the big 
multi-strategy firm is pitching to existing investors. 
The Atlas Opportunistic Fund is designed to jump on 
promising investments outside of Balyasny’s flagship Atlas 
Enhanced offering. The most recent notable launch by the 
Chicago firm, which has $34 billion under management, 
was about a year ago when it founded BAM Corner Point, 
an early growth, enterprise technology-focused venture cap-
ital operation. The BAM affiliate was reportedly aiming to 
raise $300 million early last year for its Atlas Growth vehicle.
The launch of hedge fund Atlas Opportunistic is far 
larger than what was indicated in public documents filed 
in late April. At the time, the firm disclosed it had raised a 
combined $135 million in onshore and offshore versions. 
The opportunistic fund’s strategy is unknown. In gen-
eral, such funds often seek to capitalize on market disloca-
tions that fall outside the scope of firms’ flagship funds. 
Others add exposure to particular investments that have 
reached their limits within flagship vehicles. 
Balyasny was co-founded by Dmitry Balyasny, Taylor 
O’Malley and Scott Schroeder in 2001. The firm employs 
more than 2,000 people to support its long/short equity, 
fixed-income and macro, commodities, multi-asset arbi-
trage and systematic strategies. 
Atlas Enhanced fell 3.6% in the first quarter – largely 
driven by a difficult March, when many peers also dropped 
– but climbed 3.1% in April, With Intelligence reported 
this month. The offering was down about 80 bps through 
the year’s first four months, the report said. 
In 2025, Atlas Enhanced gained 16.7%. 
Ex-Manager Launches Advisory Firm
A longtime capital-formation professional turned hedge 
fund founder has launched a strategic growth advisory 
business that looks to guide managers through key points 
of expansion.
Heather Beatty’s HCB Capital Advisors, which 
debuted in recent weeks, works with fund managers across 
a variety of asset classes, including liquid alternatives, real 
assets and traditional investments. The firm offers its ser -
vices on a project basis, through ongoing advisory rela-
tionships or via fractional head of distribution roles.
Beatty spent more than two decades 
Fraud... From Page 2
 See HCB on Page 4
May 6, 2026
4
in sales and consultant-relations roles before forming 
her own hedge fund operation, ScopeFour Capital , in 
2022. The institutionally backed climate-focused fund, 
with a five-person team led by Beatty as chief execu-
tive, invested in global public companies involved in 
the energy transition and climate technology, such as 
utility-scale solar, water infrastructure and grid digi-
tization. The firm unwound in October amid political 
and economic headwinds for environmental, social and 
governance initiatives.
“Over those three years, I began to understand what it 
means to be an operator and also how to get in front of 
allocators and really tell a story, with a small budget, and 
understand what the mindset of allocators is and what 
makes them move, what makes them buy, what they’re 
afraid of, ” Beatty said.
HCB’s advisory offering goes beyond capital formation, 
offering end-to-end counsel on messaging, positioning, 
timing and access. Beatty also expects to begin offering 
placement-agent services with securities offered through 
broker-dealer Canguru Capital within the next few weeks, 
once she receives the requisite regulatory registrations. The 
placement-agency offering will be largely geared toward 
energy- and real assets-focused funds – areas where Beatty 
has the most investment expertise.
The Los Angeles firm is expected to take on only a hand-
ful of clients initially, with plans to expand. Its services are 
designed for managers and funds throughout their life 
cycles, including new fund launches, more established 
firms beset by stagnant growth and managers looking to 
break into institutional markets.
In addition, Beatty is preparing to build out an advi-
sory board of allocators from her established network, 
with plans to host regular in-person and virtual events and 
to generate insights and connections for clients and for 
broader distribution.
Beatty has raised more than $8 billion over her capi-
tal-formation career spanning firms of varying sizes and 
asset classes, including roles as global head of consul-
tant relations at $213 billion asset manager First Eagle 
Investments,  senior vice president and co-lead of West 
Coast institutional sales at The TCW Group and co-
director of global consultant relations at Thornburg 
Investment Management. She also led client-service 
and business-development efforts at Palisades Invest-
ment Partners . 
HCB... From Page 3

May 6, 2026
5
Situational ... From Page 1
advancement of the modern world.
As of March, SEC  filings suggest, Situational Aware-
ness had attracted perhaps $2.3 billion of investor 
capital. But in about a year-and-a-half of trading, it’s 
produced multiples more of that sum in profits.
Since Dec. 31, when the San Francisco firm had $5.5 
billion of positions in publicly traded U.S. stocks, hold-
ings in the top dozen of those companies – which then 
accounted for some $5 billion of exposure – have almost 
doubled in value.
The 13F filings examined by Hedge Fund Alert don’t 
include the firm’s private-company investments, short 
positions or exposure to stocks outside of the U.S. The 
stocks reflected on the 13Fs include a mix of AI infra-
structure-related companies such as data-center power 
companies and data-center operators, AI-focused cloud 
computing companies and component businesses.
The public filings bolster the $10 billion net asset fig-
ure pegged by HFA ’s sources.
Moreover, Situational Awareness has attained its 
growth with a remarkably slim staff.
At yearend, the firm had just four investment staffers 
managing $9.3 billion of gross assets, which works out 
to just over $2.3 billion apiece on average. In the entire 
hedge fund industry, as of early 2025, only seven other 
hedge fund firms had higher average dollar-per-invest-
ment-staff figures, according to Hedge Fund Alert’s 
annual analysis of hedge fund employers, published in 
June of each year and based on SEC filings. Those firms 
tended to be very highly leveraged operations or one-
person investment shops.
Situational Awareness’ unusual path to $10 billion 
also stands out when compared with other major hedge 
fund launches.
D1 Capital, for instance, began trading in 2018 with 
$4 billion. By April 2020, it was managing $10.5 bil-
lion. But that firm’s founder and investment chief, Dan 
Sundheim,  was a huge draw, having previously worked 
as chief investment officer of top hedge fund player 
Viking Global . 
Bobby Jain, Millennium Management’s former chief 
investment officer, launched multi-strategy firm Jain 
Global with $5.3 billion in July 2024. Assets remained 
largely flat over the next year and a half. Last month, the 
firm moved to return most of its investors’ capital and 
instead run its flagship strategy exclusively for Millen-
nium, while continuing to run some $750 million of out-
side capital in a fund devoted to bank capital-relief trades.
And ExodusPoint Capital , which is generally rec-
ognized as the hedge fund industry’s largest launch by 
a startup, rolled out in 2018 with some $8 billion of 
commitments. It took several years for ExodusPoint to 
eclipse the $10 billion asset threshold. It now runs about 
$13 billion.
Situational Awareness appears eager to manage even 
more capital. The firm recently hired its first profes-
sional fundraiser, Niki Webster, a highly regarded for -
mer Goldman Sachs prime-brokerage executive who 
had led that bank’s West Coast capital-introductions 
efforts. 
Since October 2021, Webster had been a partner, 
chief operating officer and marketing chief at Sea Cliff 
Partners , a long-only public equities-focused San Fran-
cisco firm that managed $239 million of gross assets at 
yearend. She earlier worked at UBS’ prime-brokerage 
unit and at Financial Risk Management, now part of 
Man Group .
Also new to the firm this year is chief financial officer 
Patrick DeGraca, who joined in January and who pre-
viously worked as CFO and head of operations at equity 
manager Freestone Grove Partners,  another San Fran-
cisco firm. Freestone Grove began trading with $3.5 
billion in 2024, making it the third-largest hedge fund 
launch that year.
Aschenbrenner, the chief investment officer of Situ-
ational Awareness, co-founded the firm with Carl Shul -
man, a minority partner who also works as director of 
research and as a co-portfolio manager. Shulman once 
worked as a research director at Peter Thiel’s now-shut -
tered Clarium Capital.  
Aschenbrenner’s chief operating officer is Nicholas 
Whitaker, an equity partner previously affiliated with 
Stripe. The firm’s chief compliance officer is Chris Zell-
ner, a seasoned operations executive who worked at 
Asymmetry Capital from early 2012 to late 2022. 
Clear Street ... From Page 1
In a memo distributed to the firm’s more than 800 
employees on Monday, Clear Street implied that the dis-
patched staffers weren’t up to the task and said that the 
firm wishes to bring on higher-caliber professionals and 
increase its efficiency and use of artificial intelligence as 
it delivers its many services and products. 
“We are immediately raising the bar in two ways, ” the 
firm wrote. “One, we are adjusting our talent density, 
raising the bar on performance standards and opera-
tional excellence. In the coming months, we are invest-
ing in talent that will take Clear Street into the next 
cycle of value creation. Two, we are resourcing growth 
and increasing efficiency by embedding AI throughout 
our business. That means 52 employees are being exited 
and a number of consultants will no longer be engaged 
as outside support for Clear Street. ”
Despite the high-profile nature of some of the lay-
offs, just 10 of the cut staffers were in client-facing roles, 
including the four within prime brokerage. Another six 
worked in other sales and trading capacities. The bulk 
of the cuts targeted engineers,  See CLEAR STREET on Page 6
May 6, 2026
6
who represent roughly half of Clear Street’s workforce.
New Y ork-based Clear Street has forced quick exits of 
recent hires before. This past July, the firm let go of three 
senior executives it had hired just seven months prior as 
part of an effort to expand its presence in Europe.
Clear Street plans to hire anew for its capital-intro-
duction service. At least for now, the company appears 
to be mostly relying on a partnership with capital-
introduction platform and conference organizer iCon -
nections. Claire Reilly, an iConnections and Morgan 
Stanley alumna who joined Clear Street as a director in 
2024, is now the sole member of the capital-introduc-
tion unit. A junior staffer on the team left for another 
firm in April.
The changes to the business come less than three 
months after Clear Street pulled its initial public offer -
ing in mid-February. Just a week prior, Clear Street had 
slashed the maximum amount it would raise from the 
offering from $1 billion to $364 million amid signifi-
cant volatility in public technology markets. Numerous 
publicly traded companies in software and adjacent tech 
sectors saw their valuations plummet at the time amid 
fears that AI would eat up their businesses.
Clear Street, which describes itself as a cloud-native 
financial-infrastructure technology company and which 
has raised about $1 billion of equity, is in the midst of 
another equity capital raise and is likely to again pursue 
a public stock offering.
It’s also continuing to broaden its own capabilities. 
The firm has had recent success obtaining various 
licensing permissions in the U.K. and the E.U. It’s also 
expected to close soon on an announced acquisition 
of Boom Securities, Hong Kong’s first licensed online 
brokerage. On May 1, Clear Street announced that it has 
begun offering clients access to trades on Kalshi’s fast-
growing prediction market, becoming the first insti-
tutional futures commission merchant to join Kalshi’s 
exchange and clearing business.
Levene, who had joined Clear Street as head of prime 
brokerage and sales, was promoted in November to a 
broader role that Clear Street called chief experience offi-
cer. He previously worked at Goldman Sachs for 27 years 
in multiple key roles and was last a partner and managing 
director at that bank, where he oversaw client experience 
for the global banking and markets businesses.
Volz, who was promoted to the position of chief com-
mercial officer in January of last year, had previously 
headed Clear Street’s prime-brokerage operations and 
sales before Levene joined the firm.
Clear Street continues to fight litigation in federal 
and New Y ork state courts over the departures of five 
staffers last fall for Ripple’s  new prime-brokerage oper -
ation, now called Ripple Prime.
Four of the five staffers, including Pat Travers, Clear 
Street’s former derivatives business chief, sued Clear Street 
in federal court, alleging they faced retaliation for quit-
ting Clear Street to join Ripple. Clear Street then filed suit 
against Ripple in New Y ork, seeking at least $150 million of 
damages and claiming that Ripple was improperly using its 
former employees and intellectual property to jumpstart a 
new swaps-trading business.
Clear Street’s chief executive is Ed Tilly, the former 
CEO of Cboe Global Markets. Uriel Cohen is the firm’s 
executive chairman and co-founder. 
April... From Page 1
brethren on the month, according to the bank.
Performance in April was led by Asia-focused long/
short funds, up 13.6% on average, followed by U.S.-stock 
focused vehicles, which gained 7.1%. Funds that target 
stocks in Europe climbed 6.6%. For the first four months of 
2026, Asia, Europe and U.S.-focused funds gained 20.1%, 
4.8% and 4.7%, respectively.
Data collected by Hedge Fund Alert parent With Intel-
ligence tells a similar story. The equal-weighted With Intel-
ligence Long/Short Equity Hedge Fund Index climbed 5% 
in April following a 4.7% drop in March. The benchmark 
was up 4.3% for the first four months of 2026. Because 
only a portion of index constituents have reported April 
returns, the figures could fluctuate as more returns come 
in over the next several weeks.
But the early snapshot aligns with Goldman’s findings 
that long/short equity managers substantially outper -
formed the broader hedge fund industry.
Meanwhile, funds that concentrate on technology, 
media and telecommunications stocks jumped 18.6% in 
April, also notching their best monthly performance since 
2016, according to Goldman’s estimates. The bank noted 
that those funds’ returns had climbed, on average, 6.8% for 
the year. 
While Goldman’s April report did not provide details 
about March, Reuters cited the bank’s March report, which 
focused on negative returns among long/short equity 
funds across all regions. As the U.S. war with Iran roiled 
markets, Asia-focused funds fell 7.3% in March, while 
European funds declined 6.3% and U.S.-focused vehicles 
dropped 4.3%.
The April rebound is reflected in equity returns inde-
pendently gathered by Hedge Fund Alert.
Light Street Capital’s technology-focused Light Street 
Mercury Master Fund, for one, shot up 18.2% in April, 
bringing its year-to-date gain to 11.3% through the first 
four months. Peconic Partners’ Peconic Grenadier Fund 
rose 23% in April following a 2.2% loss in March. The April 
showing propelled the vehicle to a 62.6% gain on the year 
through last month. 
Others strong performers included Hong Kong-head-
quartered Grand Alliance Asset 
Clear Street... From Page 5
 See APRIL on Page 7
May 6, 2026
7
Management, whose Grand Alliance Alpha Plus Fund 
climbed 22.9% in one share class last month, contributing 
to a 48.1% four-month gain, and Value Partners Group’s 
Value Partners China Greenchip Fund, which rose 17.3% 
in April, reversing earlier losses and bringing the vehicle’s 
year-to-date performance to 15.1%.
In Hedge Fund Alert’s league tables, published in June 
each year and based on the full universe of SEC  filings, 
Goldman has been the perennial leader among hedge 
fund prime brokers. The most recent ranking shows Gold-
man had 2,035 fund clients as of the first quarter of 2025, 
good for a 16.7% market share. Morgan Stanley and J.P . 
Morgan claimed the second and third spots, with market 
shares of 14.8% and 13.5%, respectively. 
Correction
An April 29 story on Jain Global’s decision to return its 
multi-strategy fund’s assets to investors and to run that 
strategy exclusively for Millennium Management mis -
stated the amount to be handed back. Jain will return 
$5.3 billion, not $6 billion. The firm will continue to 
run some $750 million on behalf of outside investors in 
its Strategic Transactions Fund, which focuses on bank 
capital-relief trades. Additionally, the story noted that 
cuts were expected across the middle and back offices 
as a means to reduce costs. No layoffs are planned. 
Finally, the story stated that Jain had reached a contrac-
tual deadline for its initial investors to add more capital 
should they choose to do so. That deadline was not until 
mid-2027. 
  LATEST LAUNCHES
Fund Portfolio Managers Strategy Service Providers Launch Equity at  
Launch (MIL.)
(Unidentified)
Domicile: U.S.
(See Page 3)
Penumbra Investment 
Group,
New York
info@penumbra-ig.com
Multi-strategy 
fund
2026
www.hedgefundalert.com
Hedge Fund Alert (ISSN: 1530-7832), Copyright 2026, is published weekly by With Intelligence, 41 Madison Avenue, 20th floor, New Y ork 10010. It is illegal to port forward or reproduce the issue or the link, without 
first obtaining permission from Hedge Fund Alert. All issues are watermarked and we routinely monitor forwarding with tracking technology. Copying this publication is in violation of the U.S. Copyright Act (17 
USC 101 et seq.). Violators may be subject to criminal penalties as well as liability for substantial monetary damages, including statutory damages up to $150,000 per infringement, costs and attorney’s fees. 
Howard Kapiloff 
Managing Editor 
917-576-0709 
h.kapiloff@hedgefundalert.com
Mark Mueller 
Editor 
732-939-9801 
m.mueller@hedgefundalert.com
Mike Frassinelli 
Senior Reporter 
973-856-3263 
m.frassinelli@hedgefundalert.com
James Prado Roberts 
Deputy Managing Editor 
732-322-8780  
j.pradoroberts@hedgefundalert.com
Paul McMillan 
Editor-in-Chief, With Intelligence 
646-891-2118 
paul.mcmillan@withintelligence.com
Joel Dudden 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
j.dudden@hedgefundalert.com
Adam Wood 
Subscription Sales 
646-891-2126 
a.wood@hedgefundalert.com
Marco Calabrese 
Advertising Sales 
732-546-8346 
marco.calabrese@withintelligence.com
Samantha Marcus 
Senior Reporter 
609-819-2384 
s.marcus@hedgefundalert.com
Todd Palmer 
Senior Technical Designer 
+44-20-7832-6500 
todd.palmer@withintelligence.com
Hedge Fund Alert
April... From Page 6
May 6, 2026
8
tion Fund Management. San Francisco-based Paul Fetch 
joined the Greenwich, Conn, multi-strategy manager last 
month. He’ d been a PM at Schonfeld for nearly three years, 
departing in November. During a run of more than seven 
years at Citadel, Fetch began as an equity analyst focused 
on industrials ahead of his promotion to PM in 2018. He 
also has worked at Chilton Investment and Merrill Lynch. 
Verition manages $14 billion.
Sandeep Surana, who has both buyside and sellside expe-
rience, joined BlueCrest Capital’s Singapore office last 
month as a global-macro portfolio manager. Surana most 
recently was a PM in the Singapore office of Millennium 
Management, where he worked for nearly six years. His 
resume includes two stints at Bank of America and time at 
Nomura. BlueCrest is Michael Platt’s London-based pri-
vate-trading firm that he had converted from a hedge fund 
in 2015, returning about $7 billion to investors. BlueCrest 
posted a 73% return in 2025, according to Bloomberg. The 
Bloomberg Billionaires Index calculated Platt’s net worth 
at $14.6 billion as of May 3. 
Fund administrator Opus Fund Services has appointed 
Robin Chisholm as one of its regional chief operating offi-
cers, responsible for leading and helping to grow operations 
teams across Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Chisholm, 
who arrived on May 1, works out of the firm’s Glasgow office 
and reports to chief executive Robin Bedford. Before join-
ing Opus, Chisholm worked in several senior roles at Black-
Rock, most recently as EMEA head of cash operations and 
governance. His arrival at Opus follows the firm’s announce-
ment in late April that Lindsay Muldoon joined as head of 
sales for the Americas from Northern Trust, where she 
focused on business development for the administration 
unit, Northern Trust Hedge Fund Services. Opus, head-
quartered in Hamilton, Bermuda, has more than $50 billion 
of assets under administration. 
Rio de Janeiro-based portfolio manager Gustavo Castro 
has moved to Brazilian hedge fund operator SPX Capital 
after four years at Vista Capital. Castro, who signed on at 
$11 billion SPX in April and who invests in global equi-
ties, was a portfolio manager and partner at Vista, which 
he departed in February. His tenure there was preceded by 
four years each at Adam Capital and BTG Pactual.
Capital-introduction firm PilotShip Partners  has hired 
its first staffer in Europe. Hannah Jaeger started last week 
in Switzerland. She’s been initially assigned to PilotShip’s 
research team but will begin working with clients and cov-
ering investors before yearend. Jaeger most recently was 
head of business development and partnerships at Sanne 
Group, which Apex Group  acquired in 2022. She’s also 
worked at financial-services firm VISTRA, Advise Tech-
nologies, FBR and BNY Mellon. Founded in 2024 by for-
mer BTIG executive Peter Tarrant and based in Norwalk, 
Conn., PilotShop connects alternative-investment firms 
with allocators. PilotShip is growing. The operation now 
has five full-time and three part-time staffers and 25 clients 
with average assets of about $900 million. 
An analyst who departed Greenlight Capital at yearend 
has resurfaced as a principal at Sequoia Capital’s  public-
investing arm, Sequoia Capital Global Equities. Gavaskar 
Balasingam spent three years at Greenlight. He began 
working out of New Y ork in March for the Sequoia unit, 
which invests in internet, software, semiconductor and 
financial-technology businesses. Before Greenlight, Bal-
asingam was employed by Southpoint Capital, Davidson 
Kempner Capital and Goldman Sachs. Sequoia Capital 
Global Equities, based in Menlo Park, Calif., had $10.4 bil-
lion under management at yearend.
A quantitative professional with experience at Point72 
Asset Management’s Cubist Systematic Strategies unit 
and Marshall Wace has moved to proprietary-trading 
shop DRW. Shengjia (Patrick) Shao, who’s based in Lon-
don, started at the Chicago-headquartered firm in April 
as a quantitative researcher focused on systematic macro 
strategies. Shao had a similar focus for the past two years as 
a research analyst at Cubist and for six years before that at 
Marshall Wace, one of Europe’s largest hedge fund opera-
tors, where he was a quant researcher. DRW employs more 
than 2,000 people and invests across asset classes. 
THE  
GRAPEVINE
Grapevine ... From Page 1
$14 Billion
Verition AUM
