1Page List of ED Monitors
KEDM Lite 
Vol. 11
April 28, 2026
Actionable event-driven trades
and special situations.
2Page
Apr 28, 2026
Vol. 11
KEDM 
LITE
Table of Content
1. SPIN-OFFS           3
2. STRATEGIC ALTERNATIVES and REVIEWS     3
3. NOTICEABLE LARGE BUYBACKS & TENDER OFFERS    4
4. INTERESTING INSIDER & OTHER LARGE PURCHASES   5
5. LIQUIDATIONS          6
6. NOTABLE ‘RUMORS’ AND REPORTED INTEREST    6
7. M&A / MERGER ARB         7
8. ACTIVIST ACTION          7
9. ‘INTERESTING’ SITUATIONS        8
10. MISCELLANEOUS          9
KEDM  LITE
3Page Apr 28, 2026Back to Table of Content
1. SPIN-OFFS
• Honeywell (HON US).  It might be a good time to look at Honeywell, which 
recently corrected on rather poor results. The company is preparing to 
separate Aerospace, while also selling non-core businesses (last one is PSS 
to Brady for $1.4bn). Aerospace faced a tough Q1 on supply chain disruptions, 
ending a long streak of quarters with solid growth, though March was solid 
again. Aerospace will trade under HONA, with an investor day planned in 
June. Another interesting note, a reminder that Honeywell also owns a big 
stake in Quantinuum, a pretty interesting quantum bet which has filed for an 
IPO. NVDA participated in the latest funding round which was already up in 
double digit $bn. Nice optionality.
2. STRATEGIC ALTERNATIVES and REVIEWS (potential take-outs, 
divestments, M&A, etc.) (one year rolling)
• Franklin Street Properties (FSP US). FSP expanded its strategic review, adding 
ao BofA to evaluate potential transactions. The company believes that “... 
FSP’s share price does not adequately reflect the underlying value of our real 
estate...”. The company has roughly $600m BV of RE assets (and decline) 
and c. $250m debt. The market values this at ~0.1x BV, it clearly doesn’t still 
buy book. Here lies the opportunity.
• TransAct Technologies (TACT US). Interesting net cash micro-cap with an 
actual product that has long been assessing strategic alternatives. Stock 
has been hammered over the past years, with the company actively trying 
to turn the ship. More recently, the former issued a public letter criticizing the 
company’s strategic direction and performance since his 2023 departure. He 
argues TransAct has failed to launch new products and win major customers 
and warns that the company is overinvesting in food-service software 
where it lacks advantage, urging a return to core hardware strengths and 
partnerships instead. In the meantime, net cash is now roughly 60% of the 
company’s market cap.
This week’s additions and highlights
KEDM  LITE
4Page Apr 28, 2026Back to Table of Content
• Aspo (ASPO FH). Aspo recently announced that it agreed to sell its Leipurin 
business for €60m cash (after costs), roughly 14% of its EV. Aspo is an 
interesting one to keep assessed; the logistics company intends to form 
two separate companies, Aspo Compounder and Aspo Infra in the coming 
years. It could also continue to dispose of assets. Growing, profitable and 
with strong underlying action.
 UPDATE (April 28, 2026) The sale of Leupurin has been completed, with 
Aspo indeed confirming that the remaining two businesses (ESL Shipping 
and Telko) are also still being assessed. A glance at these units suggests 
their values, as reflected in Aspo’s current enterprise value, are pretty 
conservative. A quick SOTP guesstimate puts us at €550-600m enterprise 
value, implying 60-100% potential upside on the equity. It might be worth 
doing some work on it.
3. NOTICEABLE LARGE BUYBACKS & TENDER OFFERS (six months rolling)
• Lululemon (LULU US). Generally, too large for Lite’s taste, but interesting 
nonetheless to follow. Lululemon’s governance story continues to intensify 
following the appointment of a new CEO despite activist Elliott and founder 
Chip Wilson both pushing for broader strategic and board changes. The 
market was also not happy with the new CEO, dropping by over 10% to 
multi-year lows. Despite the very healthy correction (it’s still just stretch 
pants people), absolute profitability and cash flow remain healthy, with LULU 
continuing to massively buy back shares.
• Aclarion (ACON US). Pico-cap Aclarion popped a $2.5m buyback, ~30% of its 
market cap. The company expects to complete the buyback over the next 12 
months. This is a net cash, negative EV company, claiming to be on the verge 
of strong revenue expansion based on strong product traction.
KEDM  LITE
5Page Apr 28, 2026Back to Table of Content
4. INTERESTING INSIDER & OTHER LARGE PURCHASES (six months rolling)
• BAWAG (BG AV). Good to see BAWAG insiders (mainly the CEO) doing huge 
open market purchases. And we mean really huge. This bank continues to 
acquire and properly integrate well and overall put out solid results. Still 
trading at ~11x PE.
• DGL (DGL AU). Chemical distributor DGL finally published its (restated) 
financials, only showing a relatively large impairment on non-core assets 
that were going to be sold anyway, and the minor readjustments of the 
inventories. The release of the newly audited financials marks the most 
important step towards the shares starting to trade again soon. Our hope 
here is that the shares get smashed once trading resumes; we’ll have a 
company with a new auditor, a much-improved governance, updated 
financials and decent operating performance despite a tough market – at 
much more attractive prices.
 UPDATE (April 28, 2026) The CEO and largest shareholder of DGL has already 
begun buying shares (again) on the open market. As expected, the shares 
dropped quite a bit since trading started again and seem to have stabilized 
for now. Given the CEO’s track record, we expect to see more purchases. 
4-5x forward EV/EBITDA for what could be 10-20% EBITDA growth pa.
• Poppins (7358 JP). Hikari continues to add en masse over at childcare 
support company Poppins (7358 JP). The shares are still bobbing at the lows, 
but we guess that can’t continue; solid and structural HSD topline growth, 
stable margins, 34% of its market cap in net cash, ~4x LTM EV/EBITDA.
• Processa Pharmaceuticals (PCSA US). Tiny pre-revenue biotech Processa 
has seen quite some insiders add shares over the past few weeks. Always 
interesting to see this happening in such potentially explosive situations.
• PodcastOne (PODC US). Insiders keep adding at PodcastOne. Growth 
remains strong, and over $15m of short-term liabilities have been eliminated 
recently. Is it finally go-time for PODC?
KEDM  LITE
6Page Apr 28, 2026Back to Table of Content
5. LIQUIDATIONS
• Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (ARI US). Not officially a liquidation, 
but very probable. ARI recently completed the sale of its $9bn commercial 
real-estate loan portfolio to Athene, what is left is $2.2bn of assets (mostly 
cash) which is a book value of $12.05 p/s, vs today’s $11.10 share price.
• Stratus Properties (STRS US). Stratus announced a $20m buyback, roughly 
13% of its market cap. Trading at 0.53x BV, the company has been selling 
some assets. UPDATE (March 31, 2026) Just a few months ago, Stratus 
announced that it would review strategic alternatives to ‘maximize value’. The 
review clearly mentioned ‘a plan of dissolution and liquidation’. No surprise 
to see they’ve already finished the strategic review, deciding to liquidate 
and distribute the net proceeds to shareholders. Interestingly, recent asset 
disposals (Kingwood Place, Lantana Place, and West Killeen Market) were 
above book value. Trading at ~0.75x book.
 UPDATE (April 28, 2026) Just flagging that major shareholder Oasis is in 
the market selling shares almost daily. They still have a >12% stake, with 
the selling volume often a major piece of daily volume. A reminder that 
Stratus is seeing estimated distributions ranging between $29.73-37.69 
p/s, vs a roughly $30 share price today.
6. NOTABLE ‘RUMORS’ AND REPORTED INTEREST (one year rolling)
• Perfect (PERF US). Perfect added financial and legal advisors to its special 
committee review the current $1.95 p/s offer from Cyberlink. A reminder that 
Cyberlink already owns ~44% which makes the deal spread of 17.5% too large 
in our view (and this interesting).
• Catalyst Pharmaceuticals (CPRX US). Italian Angelini Pharma is rumored 
to be interested in Catalyst. Angelini has been reviewing multiple targets as 
part of a broader external-market expansion strategy. Catalyst develops 
treatments for rare diseases including DMD and Lambert-Eaton, making it a 
strategically attractive specialty-pharma asset. Despite the shares being up 
almost 20% over the past weeks, CPRX has been growing a ton over the past 
few years on every metric, now sporting >50% EBITDA margins, major FCF 
conversion and ~20% of the market cap in net cash. And still at ~9x forward 
EV/EBITDA.
KEDM  LITE
7Page Apr 28, 2026Back to Table of Content
7. M&A / MERGER ARB (incl. CVRs, SPACs, etc.)
• Advanced Medical Solutions (AMS LN). A reminder that TA Associates has 
now until mid-May to submit a formal offer. While the shares are still trading 
at a nice premium on the (undisclosed) offer, they are ~15% above the level 
of pre-March turbulence. This healthcare supplier is still only trading at 
~10x forward EV/EBITDA, despite decent organic growth, high margins (and 
improving as AMS is still digesting its large 2024 acquisition), decent cash 
flow generation and rather clean b/s. Too low in our view.
• Seer (SEER US). Biotech Seer received an offer from shareholder Bradley 
Radoff for $2.25 p/s in cash plus a CVR. The current share price is $1.92. Seer 
still sports a negative EV (mostly cash).
 UPDATE (April 28, 2026) Seer rejected the recent offer, stating that “...the 
revised offer implies an equity value for Seer that is materially below the 
sum of Seer’s current cash, cash equivalents and investments.” We would 
not be surprised to see continued action here.
• Cumberland Pharmaceuticals (CPIX US). Cumberland agreed to sell its 
entire branded US commercial portfolio to Apotex for $100m in cash. The 
deal will pivot the company fully to its orphan-drug pipeline, led by various 
programs in Phase II with FDA designations including Orphan, Rare Pediatric 
Disease, and Fast Track. Cumberland will also retain its stake in Cumberland 
Emerging Technologies. This will put the company in a solid net cash position, 
while cash burn is relatively low.
• D2L (DTOL CN). Investment firm 2717 Partners has made a non-binding C$10.50 
p/s cash offer for EdTech company D2L. The offer seems pretty low-balled, 
considering D2L’s strong derating. It’s clear that 2717 would very much like to 
profit from D2L’s current pressured share price on AI fears. Operationally, D2L 
has been doing well, posting topline growth in MSD-HSD and solid operating 
leverage. Roughly 30% of the market cap is net cash.
8. ACTIVIST ACTION (1 year rolling)
• Headlam (HEAD LN). Activist fights at micro-caps are always interesting. 
Headlam’s board pushed back against First Seagull’s (~10% stake) requisition 
to remove three directors and install two nominees. It highlights decisive 
actions over the past year (new CEO and CFO, a transformation plan, 
refinancing, and incoming NEDs). No growth, but still decent revenue and 
gross profit base, but a bloated opex structure. It’s too early for Headlam in 
our view, but this one could be explosive.
• WEX (WEX US). WEX has become a live activist battleground ahead of its 
May 5 shareholder vote, with ISS joining Glass Lewis and Egan-Jones in 
backing Impactive Capital’s (~4.9%) campaign for board changes, aimed 
at ao kicking the CEO out. If Impactive wins seats, there’s a good chance we 
might see ao business simplification and enhanced capital returns.
KEDM  LITE
8Page Apr 28, 2026Back to Table of Content
• Dynatrace (DT US). It might be a good time to flag Dynatrace. The shares 
have gone nowhere for some time, and for good reasons. Despite high 
and recurring revenue growth, 80%+ gross margins, and strong growth in 
earnings, dilution has been strong given a disgusting amount of SBC. Cash 
has been stashing on the balance sheet, with Dyna now swinging the buyback 
machine up. Some funds have been popping up, but it’s a good time for an 
activist.
 UPDATE (April 28, 2026) Someone has been reading KEDM! Activist 
Starboard has taken a ‘top‑five stake’ in Dynatrace. Starboard argues 
Dynatrace can expand margins, cut marketing spending and accelerate 
buybacks, potentially returning $2.5B+ over three years. They believe 
Dynatrace could nearly double FCF per share to >$3.30 and say the board 
should remain open to all options to maximize shareholder value.
9. ‘INTERESTING’ SITUATIONS - but not exactly event-driven or special 
sit (9 months rolling)
• Knight Therapeutics (GUD CN). Knight seems to have finally moved past a 
decade of capital-hoarding stagnation and entering a nice earnings-driven 
phase after deploying most of its cash into more attractive, opportunistic 
deals. Looking at recent acquisitions (mainly the C$120m purchase of Endo’s 
Canada assets and the Sumitomo portfolio) are much better priced than 
earlier transactions and should lift EBITDA big time. The opportunity here 
is also due to strong shareholder fatigue keeping the stock depressed. We 
would not be surprised to see >C$10 soon and more.
• IQE (IQE LN). IQE closed its strategic review after securing £81m in new capital 
to repair its balance sheet and retire debt. The package includes a £45m 
investment from MACOM (£30m via new shares and £15m through secured 
zero-coupon convertible notes) giving MACOM 11.5% voting rights. The capital 
raise caused the shares to drop by ~25% to <GBp40. IQE got caught up in 
massive hype and even reached 60p at some point. If you believe that the 
hype is warranted, you’ll like it more today vs a week ago. If not, it’s still a long 
way to <10p.
• Sidus Space (SIDU US). Satellite operator Sidus recently closed an offering, 
raising almost $60m, causing the shares to drop almost 50% from the recent 
peak. With the current cash balance, the company has some 3-4 quarters 
runway. It will definitely need more, but remember, it has ‘space’ in its name: 
we would not be surprised to see this one go vertically (a few times) over 
these years. Just flagging.
KEDM  LITE
9Page Apr 28, 2026Back to Table of Content
10. MISCELLANEOUS (asset sales, out-of-bankruptcy, IPOs, uplistings, etc.) 
(1 year rolling)
• Honeywell (HON US). On another interesting Honeywell note, which warrants 
a separate flag, a reminder that Honeywell also owns a big stake in 
Quantinuum, a pretty interesting quantum bet which is actively going for 
an IPO. NVDA participated in the latest funding round which was already 
up in double digit $bn. Nice optionality. Timing should be Q2 / Q3 this year. 
Quantum stock’s valuations have come down but are still at crazy levels.
• Greenland Resources (MOLY CN). It seems small, but MOLY’s announcement 
that it has advanced its application for a €50m equity investment under 
some EU program is a very interesting milestone. As required by the program, 
the company has also secured €40m in firm co-investment commitments, 
positioning it for a potential €50m+ funding package. MOLY is now in the 
financing phase, o/w equity is arguably the most challenging part. The deal 
is a nice signal. A reminder that at current Molybdenum prices the project’s 
NAV is now estimated to be close to US$3bn – compared to a market cap of 
roughly US$150m. Getting closer and closer to being sold.
• Team Internet (TIG LN). We might be hearing from Team Internet soon. 
As a reminder, they launched a strategic review back in November 2025, 
mentioning receiving ‘multiple approaches’ and that its Domains, Identity 
& Software (DIS) arm ‘alone could be worth more than the group’s entire 
current market value’. They confirmed a few times that discussions are going 
well. Normally by now we would have seen more (financial) info published 
by the company, but they’ve been rather quiet. Something’s coming soon? 
Meanwhile the market volatility has not been kind to the share price.
 UPDATE (April 28, 2026) We reminded you of last week, and in the meantime, 
Team Internet updated the market again on its strategic review of the 
DIS division, reiterating that multiple bidders remain engaged. They 
even concretely mentioned a floor (” materially in excess of the market 
cap [...] on 11 November”, which was GBP 120m. The company is now 
working to refinance its debt (roughly $180m), and we would assume an 
announcement after.
• Certara (CERT US). Biotech software company Certata sold its Regulatory 
and Medical Writing business for $135m, ~14% of its market cap. This move 
divests a lower-growth, less-differentiated unit that generated $50m revenue 
and $17m EBITDA in 2025. While material, it’s also interesting that the deal of 
this non-core business was struck at a decent ~8x EV/EBITDA, with Certara 
overall trading at roughly the same forward. That doesn’t seem much for 
30%+ EBITDA margins (with some SBC), decent FCF conversion and net cash 
b/s (pro forma).
KEDM  LITE
10Page Apr 28, 2026Back to Table of Content
Disclaimer
The information contained in this publication has been compiled by KEDM Inc. (“KEDM”), a body corporate 
incorporated pursuant to the laws of the State of Delaware. KEDM believes the information contained is 
from sources (including third-party sources) believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty, 
express or implied, is made by KEDM, its affiliates, or any other person or company as to its accuracy, 
completeness, or correctness. 
This publication makes no recommendations whatsoever regarding buying, selling, or holding a specified 
security, a class of securities, or the securities of a class of issuers, and is for educational purposes only. 
You are required to conduct your own due diligence, analyses, draw your own conclusions, and make 
your own investment decisions. Commentary is provided without reference to any investment strategy or 
product offered by KEDM. This publication is intended solely for institutional and sophisticated investors, 
and only in jurisdictions where such materials may be lawfully received.
Officers, directors, employees, and independent contractors of KEDM Inc. may from time to time have long 
or short positions in, or otherwise have economic interests in, the securities discussed in this publication 
and may purchase or sell such securities without notice. Such positions may change at any time and 
may differ from the views expressed herein. No representation is made that any such positions will be 
disclosed.
This publication is not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, a solicitation to act as 
a securities dealer or adviser. The opinions and forward-looking statements, if any, expressed in the 
publication are those of the publisher and are subject to change without notice. The information in the 
publication may become outdated and there is no obligation to update any such information. Past 
performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original 
capital may occur. 
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW NEITHER KEDM NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, NOR ANY OTHER PERSON 
OR COMPANY, ACCEPTS ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS 
ARISING FROM, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, ANY USE OF THIS PUBLICATION OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED 
HEREIN. KEDM AND ITS AFFILIATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY GUARANTEES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
FUTURE PERFORMANCE OR RETURNS. 
Links contained within this publication are believed to be accurate but the use of linked sites is at the 
user’s risk. This publication does not endorse any linked site. 
Certain names, words, titles, phrases, logos, icons, graphics or designs in the pages of this publication 
may constitute trade names, registered or unregistered trade‑marks or service marks (“Trade‑marks”) 
of KEDM, or of third parties and used under license by KEDM. However, the display of Trademarks on pages 
of this publication does not imply that any license has been granted to any third party. 
This publication is protected under the copyright laws of the United Stated of America and/or other 
countries. All rights reserved. No license is granted to the user except for the user’s personal use and only 
one printed version is allowed. No part of this publication or its contents, may be copied, downloaded, 
stored in a retrieval system, further transmitted, or otherwise reproduced, stored, disseminated, 
transferred, or used, in any form or by any means, except as permitted with prior written permission. 
This publication is proprietary and limited to the sole use of KEDM clients. Please do NOT post this on any 
website, forward it, or make copies (print or electronic) for anyone else. Each reproduction of any part 
of this publication or its contents must contain notice of our copyright. Any unauthorized downloading, 
re‑transmission, or other copying, modification or use of the Trademarks, this publication or any of this 
publication’s contents may be a violation of statutory or common law rights which could subject the 
violator to legal action. 
There is a risk in trading markets. We are not registered investment advisers. Do your own due diligence.
