1 
 
Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call - Prepared Remarks 
July 29, 2022 
Slide 1: Title 
Operator: Good morning everyone, and welcome to Cboe Global Markets' second quarter 2022 earnings 
conference call. 
At this time, for opening introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ken Hill, Vice President of 
Investor Relations. 
Slide 2: Agenda- Ken Hill 
Good morning and thank you for joining us for our second quarter earnings conference call. On the call 
today, Ed Tilly, our Chairman and CEO, will discuss our performance for the quarter and provide an update 
on our strategic initiatives. Then, Brian Schell, our Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer, will provide 
an overview of our financial results for the quarter as well as an update on our 2022 financial outlook.  
Following their comments, we will open the call to Q&A. Also joining us for Q&A will be Chris Isaacson, our 
Chief Operating Officer, Dave Howson, our President, and our Chief Strategy Officer, John Deters.  
I would like to point out that this presentation will include the use of slides. We will be showing the slides 
and providing commentary on each. A downloadable copy of the slide presentation is available on the 
Investor Relations portion of our website. 
Slide 3: Forward-Looking Statements 
During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, which represent our current judgment 
on what the future may hold, and while we believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain assumptions, risks and 
uncertainties.  Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any 
2 
 
forward-looking statements. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a full discussion of the factors that 
may affect any forward-looking statements.   
We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise, after this conference call. 
During the call this morning, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our 
earnings materials. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Ed. 
Slide 4: Ed Tilly, CEO 
Thank you, Ken.  
Good morning and thanks for joining us today. Before I begin, I am pleased to officially welcome Dave 
Howson to the U.S. He relocated to Chicago last week from London and is overseeing Cboe’s business lines 
globally in his new role as President and we are excited to have him here today. 
Slide 5: Strong Revenue and Earnings Generation Continues 
I am pleased to report on another strong quarter at Cboe Global Markets. During the quarter, we achieved 
record-setting revenue results, growing net revenue 21% year-over-year to a record $424 million, and 
adjusted diluted EPS grew by 21% to $1.67. Our solid second quarter results were driven by the continued 
diversification of our business as we continue to integrate recent acquisitions, with strong volume in our 
proprietary index products, increased trading activity in our cash equities businesses, and continued 
growth across our data and access solutions business.  
Our Derivatives business had another excellent quarter, driven by strong performance in our index options 
franchise, specifically SPX options, as well as a solid increase in our multi-listed options business. Record 
monthly activity in the SPX complex helped drive a 66% increase in average daily volume for the quarter, 
while VIX Futures were up 7% and VIX Options remained flat. Multi-listed options trading ADV increased 
12% year-over-year. 
Our Cash and Spot Markets business performed remarkably well during the second quarter with net 
revenue increasing 7%, including 3% organic net revenue growth year-over-year. These results were driven 
by exceptionally strong performance in our European Equities segment, where average daily notional value 
traded was up 49% year-over-year. Additionally, Cboe European Equities market share increased nearly 6 
percentage points year-over-year to 23.2%. Similar to the trends we saw last quarter, these results reflect, 
3 
 
not just a favorable market backdrop, but the implementation of an analytics-driven campaign by our Sales 
team to help clients achieve better results on Cboe Europe than is achievable on other venues.  
Our Data and Access Solutions business remains strong with the integration of our recent acquisitions 
continuing to fuel the durability of this business. Year-over-year net revenue increased 20%, with 14% 
organic net revenue growth.  
Slide 6: Top Strategic Growth Priorities 
We continue to remain focused on executing on the significant opportunities we see in three core areas of 
our business: Data and Access Solutions, Derivatives and Cboe Digital. During the quarter, we made solid 
progress advancing each of these priorities, including closing the acquisition of ErisX on May 2. While the 
digital asset market environment has changed dramatically since we closed the ErisX transaction, which 
resulted in the accounting adjustment that Brian will discuss in more detail, our strategy has not changed. 
We remain excited by the compelling strategic opportunity for Cboe in the digital asset space. 
We believe the long-term opportunity within the digital asset space will continue to evolve. Now, more 
than ever, market participants want a trusted, transparent, regulated market for digital assets, which is 
fundamental to our strategy for this asset class.  We are continuing to work closely with our partner group 
and expect to announce equity partners soon as we shape and define the future of Cboe Digital and the 
broader industry. 
Slide 7: Global Derivatives – Extending the Market Potential 
Turning now to Derivatives, where our SPX franchise continued to flourish as we expanded access to 
customers to meet increased demand, both on and off the trading floor. With market uncertainty and 
heightened volatility continuing across the globe, market participants turn to Cboe’s derivatives and 
volatility products to help manage risk.  
Many of our newer initiatives, like the extension of trading hours for SPX and VIX Options to nearly 24 
hours-a-day, five days-a-week, and the addition of Tuesday and Thursday expirations for SPX Weekly 
options, have outperformed our early expectations in 2022, further accelerating the strong growth across 
our core business. 
Since adding Tuesday and Thursday expirations for SPX Weekly options this Spring, our initial estimates 
indicate we’ve added on average over 200 thousand incremental SPX contracts per day, reinforcing the 
trend we have seen of customers embracing shorter duration trading strategies. The expansion of our SPX 
Weeklys complex to include expiries every trading day has helped meet this customer demand.  ADV in SPX 
4 
 
contracts with zero days to expiration increased 120% since the start of 2021 with retail brokerage 
platforms accounting for over 80% of the volumes. Additionally, during Global Trading Hours, average daily 
volume in SPX Options increased 189% year-over-year, VIX Options increased 49%, and VIX Futures 
volumes increased 19%. 
Global customers want access to tools to manage risk and we continue to focus on expanding upon our 
core strength and finding new ways to deliver access and meet their needs. 
Slide 8: DnA – Driving Durable Growth 
We continue to believe strongly in the durability of our Data and Access Solutions business going forward 
as we continue to integrate our recently acquired businesses and strive to further unlock value and 
revenue opportunities. Brian will expand on this later in the call, but we are updating our 2022 organic net 
revenue growth expectations for this business to a range of 10% to 13%, up from our prior guidance range 
of 8% to 11%. 
The record results during the quarter were driven by continued demand for access to our global exchange 
network, Cboe’s front-end platforms, and proprietary market data. 
Since the first quarter 2021, we have averaged 19% year-over-year growth and, as we continue to 
integrate and innovate, we believe there is more total addressable market to capture across trading, data 
and products, and we are well-positioned to capitalize on these opportunities through our Data and Access 
Solutions group.  
Three important areas of expansion we’re excited about include: “distribution as a service”, which 
leverages Cboe’s expansive network to provide data streaming services for vendors and partners; bundled 
data, which allows us to package high quality data from across markets to deliver consistent and cost-
effective data solutions to customers; and Cboe’s cloud strategy, which further extends Cboe’s data to new 
users and geographies – an important step towards broadening investor access to our proprietary content 
and market data globally. 
Slide 9: Building an Unrivaled Global Derivatives and Securities Network 
The last several years have been very exciting as we’ve evolved our business, broadened our geographic 
reach and extended access to our unique set of products and services around the globe. Today we are the 
only truly global market infrastructure provider, operating markets and delivering services around the 
world and around the clock, every day of the week. 
Around the globe, we’ve continued to see strong performance in all geographies and asset classes.  
5 
 
Starting with our global FX business, we saw strong volumes with average daily notional volume topping 
$39.6 billion during the second quarter with market share of 17%. We also saw our Full Amount offering, 
which provides clients with a solution for larger order risk transference with low market impact, reach a 
new record of $11.8 billion ADV in the second quarter. We are also very encouraged by our product 
diversification strategy, in particular our higher margin NDF offering where we saw a 200 percent year-
over-year increase to $785 million ADV. With continued rising inflation and interest rates, we continue to 
be bullish on the opportunities that exist for our FX business. 
Turning now to Europe, in addition to the strong results I noted earlier for our European equities business, 
Cboe BIDS Europe became the #1 block trading platform with a record 33% market share of the European 
block-trading market. Additionally, EuroCCP, our European clearing business, saw steady growth this 
quarter. We also continued to make progress on our European Derivatives initiative. And while early 
volume trends have been softer than we expected due to geopolitical events in Europe delaying customer 
onboarding timetables, we still believe strongly in the long-term strategy and vision for this business.  
Moving to Asia Pacific, Cboe Japan market share increased to 3.5%, up from 2.5% one year ago, as the new 
liquidity provider program introduced earlier this year continued to attract volume. In Australia, market 
share grew to 17% from 16% year-over-year and we are on track to migrate Cboe Australia to our 
proprietary technology in February 2023.   
Finally, in North America, we completed the acquisition of NEO last month, bolstering our market share in 
Canada and expanding our listings business globally. Our overall market share in Canada now tops 12.1%, 
including both NEO and MATCHNow, and we are working on integration plans that will help enable us to 
maximize the opportunities we see for our global equities and listings businesses. 
Our geographic and asset class diversification, coupled with our unique product set, enables us to meet the 
needs of an increasingly diverse set of customers around the world. Our global scale gives us the 
unmatched ability to efficiently scale and expand our business in new ways. 
Slide 10: Acquisition Progress Since 2020 
With the closing of the acquisitions of ErisX and NEO in the second quarter, the entire Cboe team remains 
focused on extracting even greater value from the ecosystem we have created, integrating our platforms 
and positioning Cboe for its next wave of growth in the quarters ahead. 
We have acquired nine companies in the last two years, and we remain laser-focused on the various stages 
of integration for each of these companies. Each of these companies has brought a unique offering to Cboe 
6 
 
and helped us achieve a greater global breadth of services and products, as well as new distribution 
channels.  
As we’ve stated before, we approach the integration of technology and teams holistically, avoiding siloes 
while maximizing synergies, both revenue and cost. This approach creates workflow efficiencies for 
customers, harmonizing technology and access points, creating a better experience for them. 
Slide 11: Harvesting Investments Across Seasons to Drive Consistent Growth 
As we continue to architect our business for the future, our strategy remains focused on delivering 
products and services that create short, medium and long-term opportunities, helping to enable a cadence 
of consistent growth. We are excited to have all announced acquisitions closed and integration efforts well 
under way, which is creating strong momentum for our flywheel as we head into the second half of the 
year .  
With that, I’ll turn it over to Brian. 
Slide 12: Brian Schell Title Slide 
Thanks Ed, and good morning, everyone.  Let me remind everyone that unless specifically noted, my 
comments relate to 2Q22 as compared to 2Q21 and are based on our non-GAAP adjusted results. 
Slide 13: 2Q Financial Summary 
As Ed discussed, the first half of 2022 was an exceptionally strong one for Cboe. In the second quarter, 
adjusted diluted earnings per share was up 21% on a year-over-year basis to $1.67. A combination of 
continued investment across our businesses and a favorable operating environment continued to propel 
revenue above last quarter’s record levels. Quickly touching on some of the noteworthy takeaways from 
the second quarter:  
 Our net revenue increased 21%, setting yet another quarterly record at $424 million, led by the 
strength in our Derivatives Markets and Data and Access Solutions categories. I would like to note 
that not only did each of our revenue categories (Derivatives, DnA, and Cash) post a year-over-year 
7 
 
gain, but every segment at Cboe from Options to FX posted a year-over-year increase, speaking to 
the diversity and truly broad-based strength in the second quarter results. 
o Derivatives Markets produced 30% year-over-year organic net revenue growth in the second 
quarter given the continued strength of our index business  
o Data and Access Solutions net revenues were up 20%, up 14% on an organic basis, driven 
again by strong new subscription and unit growth, and 
o Cash and Spot Markets produced 7% net revenue growth for the quarter, up 3% on an 
organic basis, on the back of strong volumes and market share in our European cash 
equities business 
 Adjusted operating expenses increased 22% to $157 million; 
 Adjusted EBITDA of $274 million was up 17%; 
 And last, our adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.67, up 21% compared to last year’s 
quarterly results.  
SLIDE 14 – Crypto Mkt timeline 
Before getting into the segment results, I want to spend a moment walking through the accounting 
adjustment we made this quarter for ErisX. As Ed mentioned, since we closed the ErisX transaction on May 
2, the environment has changed dramatically. Given the observable publicly-traded peer valuations, digital 
asset prices, and intermediary dislocations, we felt it necessary to re-assess our holding value of ErisX.  
As a result of our analysis, along with the work of our 3rd party auditors and consultants, we booked a 
goodwill impairment of approximately $460 million and, effectively writing goodwill in ErisX to zero, and 
recorded a deferred tax asset of approximately $116 million. Our book carrying value at June 30, 2022 is 
$220 million, reflecting the sum of tangible and intangible assets of approximately $104 million, and the 
deferred tax asset. We believe that our adjustment reflects the reality of the digital asset market 
environment today, but it in no way changes our commitment to the digital asset space or what we set out 
8 
 
to do when we announced this transaction back in October. In fact, recent events only underscore the 
strong need for a transparent and trusted trading, clearing and data venue for digital assets. And we 
believe that Cboe, along with the help of our industry partners, is best positioned to provide those 
solutions.  
Slide 15: 2Q22 Net Revenue by Segment and Key Drivers 
Turning to the key drivers by segment. Our press release and the appendix of our slide deck include 
information detailing the key metrics for each of our business segments, so I’ll just provide summary 
thoughts: 
 As mentioned earlier, we saw impressive year-over-year growth in each one of our segments during 
the quarter.  
 Options delivered the strongest growth with net revenue growing by 32%, driven by higher trading 
volumes in both our proprietary and multi-listed options, better market share, as well as higher 
revenue per contract (RPC) in index options: 
o Total options ADV was up 18% as our higher-priced index options ADV increased 46% over 
2Q21 levels,  
o Revenue per contract (RPC) moved 21% higher given a continued positive mix shift to index 
products, and a stronger mix of higher-priced SPX options in our index business and    
o Lastly, we continued to benefit from another quarter of double-digit growth in market data 
and access and capacity fees, each up 29%, respectively, as compared to the second quarter 
of 2021. 
 North American equities net revenue increased by 4% year-over-year. Solid industry volumes, up 
20% as compared to the second quarter of 2021, helped drive the segment uptick. On the non-
transaction side, access and capacity fees increased 15% as compared to the second quarter of 
2021 and proprietary market data was up 8%.  
9 
 
 The Europe and APAC segment reported solid growth for the quarter, with net revenue up 20%. 
The increase was driven by higher volumes in Europe and the inclusion of Cboe Asia Pacific 
revenues of $8.2 million. Net transaction fee growth was 18%. During the quarter, FX rates were a 
headwind for the segment, impacting reported net revenue growth by nearly $4mn or 7%.  
Transaction fees were led higher by Cboe Europe’s equity ADV increasing 49% year-over-year given 
very strong industry volume growth and a nearly six percentage point increase in market share. 
Clearing fees benefited from an increase in clearing volumes of 21%.  
 Second quarter net revenue increased 8% in the Futures segment as both transaction and non-
transaction revenues posted year-over-year gains for the quarter. Volumes and rate per contract 
metrics were slightly better on a year-over-year basis. On the non-transaction side, access and 
capacity fees were up 21% and market data grew 24% as compared to the second quarter of 2021.  
 And finally, net revenues in the FX segment were up 20% as compared to the second quarter of 
2021. Net transaction and clearing fees benefited from a 22% increase in average daily notional 
value as well as continued favorable market share trends. 
 
Slide 16: Grew Data and Access Solutions Net Revenue 20% YoY 
As Ed noted earlier, Cboe’s Data and Access Solutions net revenue growth has continued to accelerate, 
posting a 20% year-over-year increase, and an attractive 14% growth rate on an organic basis. Again, this 
strong growth was primarily driven by additional subscriptions and units, accounting for three-quarters of 
the year-over-year revenue increase, as opposed to pricing changes. More specifically we saw: 
 Robust physical and logical port usage in our options and equities businesses driven by increased 
demand for trading capacity.  
 And on the market data side, the equities top-of-book and options depth of book products 
continued to perform well.  
10 
 
As we look out over the remainder of 2022, we anticipate trends will remain healthy in the Data and 
Access Solutions business. We are raising our targeted 2022 DnA, organic, net revenue growth rate to a 
range of 10 to 13 percent, up from 8 to 11 percent, and above the 7 to 10 percent medium-term guidance 
range we outlined at our November investor day.  
Slide 17: 2Q22 Adjusted Operating Expenses Up 22%, Primarily Driven by Acquisitions  
Turning to expenses, total adjusted operating expenses were approximately $157 million for the quarter, 
up 22% compared to last year.  Excluding the impact of acquisitions owned less than a year, adjusted 
operating expenses were up 12% or $15 million for the quarter.   
Slide 18: Adjusted Operating Expense Bridge  
Expense Guidance 
Moving to our expense guidance, we are increasing our full year 2022 expense guidance range to $659 to 
$667 million, up from our prior guidance of $647-660 million, when including the acquisitions of ErisX and 
NEO. The increase is almost exclusively driven by higher incentive compensation as a result of our strong 
financial performance through the first half of this year, coupled with a positive outlook for the second half 
of 2022. We have long talked about Cboe’s pay for performance culture and our adjustments today reflect 
the outstanding work our entire associate base has done in driving outsized growth. And while our 
operating expenses are moving higher with revenues, we continue to expect $23 to $26 million of the 2022 
investment spend to directly drive incremental revenue growth and that approximately $10 million is 
needed for infrastructure enhancements to support and scale our business for greater levels of activity in 
the future. Overall, our updated 2022 expense guidance reflects our commitment to invest in high 
conviction growth opportunities as well as to attract and retain best-in-class talent driving our strong 
results.  
Slide 19: Updated 2022 
11 
 
Now turning to a summary of full-year guidance on the next slide, I want to call out some of the positive 
updates to our revenue targets that are reflected in our expense updates. As noted previously, we now 
anticipate DnA organic net revenue growth in 2022 will be in the 10 to 13 percent range, up from our prior 
guidance of 8 to 11 percent and our medium-term guidance of 7 to 10 percent. We continue to expect 
acquisitions held less than a year to contribute between 2 and 3 percentage points to total net revenue 
growth in 2022. Lastly, but certainly not least, our overall organic net revenue growth target is moving 
higher to 9 to 11 percent, up from our prior guidance of 5 to 7 percent for 2022. We believe our updated 
revenue guidance reflects not only the strong year-to-date results we have posted, but the confidence we 
have in the business moving forward. We are seeing a solid contribution from all of our operating 
segments, strengthening the broader ecosystem here at Cboe.  
And our full year guidance on depreciation and amortization, cap-ex, and our effective tax rate on adjusted 
earnings (under the current tax laws), remain unchanged. 
Interest Expense 
Our interest expense for the second quarter of 2022 was $14.6 million. Factoring in the incremental 
borrowing costs related to the financing put in place for ErisX and NEO, we expect interest expense to be in 
the range of $16 - $17 million for 3Q22.  
Slide 20: Efficient Allocation of Capital to Create Long-Term Shareholder Value 
On the capital front, our focus has been, and remains, maximizing shareholder value through the effective 
use of our capital. In the second quarter, we returned a total of $67 million to shareholders, comprised of 
$51 million in dividend payments and $16 million in share repurchases. We remain well positioned to 
invest in the business, support our dividend, and opportunistically repurchase shares - with $233 million in 
remaining capacity on our share repurchase authorization.  
12 
 
Our leverage ratio increased in the second quarter to 1.9x, up from 1.6x at June 30 as our debt levels 
increased, related to the funding of our NEO and ErisX transactions. Overall, we remain committed to 
maintaining a flexible balance sheet and putting capital to work in the most value enhancing way possible 
for shareholders.  
Slide 21: Positioned to Innovate, Integrate and Grow to Create Value 
In summary, Cboe reported an excellent second quarter. Our core business performed exceptionally well, 
and we are excited about our numerous short-, medium- and long-term investments. We look forward to 
continuing to deliver durable growth for investors in the quarters ahead.  
Now I’d like to turn it back over to Ed for some closing comments before we open it up to Q&A.  
Closing Remarks 
Before I close, I wanted to highlight our 2022 ESG Report, which was published last month. This report 
covers the important progress we have made on our environmental, social and governance initiatives, 
including our commitment to reach net-zero emissions by 2050, an exciting endeavor designed to help 
ensure Cboe does its part to help combat climate change.  
I want to thank the entire Cboe team and our customers for another great quarter. I couldn’t be more 
excited about the progress we continue to make and I believe we are well-positioned to continue to 
innovate, integrate and grow as we head into the second half of the year. 