CBOE/Bats Investor Call Final Transcript 
 
PREPARED REMARKS 
 
Operator  
 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the CBOE Holdings acquisition of Bats conference 
call and webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). After today's 
presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions for both analysts and media. (Operator 
Instructions). Please also note today's event is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to turn the conference over to Debbie Koopman, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, 
ma'am. 
 
 Debbie Koopman - CBOE Holdings Inc. - VP of IR  
 
Thank you. Good morning and thank you for taking the time to join our call this morning to discuss 
CBOE's acquisition of Bats. Presenting today are Ed Tilly, Chief Executive Officer of CBOE; Alan Dean, 
Chief Financial Officer of CBOE, and Chris Concannon, Chief Executive Office of Bats. Also available for 
questions today are Ed Provost, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and John Deters, Chief 
Strategy Officer of CBOE. 
 
As a reminder, this call is being recorded and a press release and slide presentation regarding today's 
news are available on the Investor Relations section of each company's website. 
 
As a preliminary note, you should be aware that this presentation contains forward-looking statements 
regarding intentions, beliefs, and expectations or predictions for the future of CBOE Holdings and Bats 
Global Markets, which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding post-closing optimization of the combined 
businesses, expected pro forma revenue, anticipated synergies, the expected benefits of the proposed 
transaction and the anticipated timing of the closing. 
 
Forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future may hold and while we 
believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Actual outcomes and results may 
differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Please refer the 
CBOE's and Bat's filings with the SEC for a full discussion of the factors that may affect any forward-
looking statements. 
 
We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result if 
new information, future events or otherwise after this conference call. 
 
With that, I will now turn the call over to Ed. 
 
 Ed Tilly  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
Thanks, Debbie, and good morning. We appreciate you joining us on short notice today to discuss our 
acquisition of Bats Global Markets, which we believe will strengthen CBOE Holdings' global position in 
innovative tradable products and services while achieving meaningful cost and operational efficiencies. 
 
I will begin today by discussing the strategic rationale for the transaction and how we believe it will 
strengthen and accelerate our strategy to grow our business. I will cover the key terms and then take 
you through how we believe the transaction will complement our product offerings, enhance our 
business mix, and allow us to capitalize on major industry trends. 
 
Then Chris Concannon will provide an overview of why Bats is excited to partner with CBOE Holdings. 
Alan Dean will finish with a more detailed look at the synergy opportunities and financial details. 
 
Slide four shows the compelling strategic rationale behind the transaction bringing together Bats Global 
Equities trading, global EPT trading and listing venues and global FX platform with CBOE's wide array of 
index services, index options and multi-asset volatility products will result in a more diversified product 
offering. 
 
We believe CBOE’s growth prospects are strong. We think this transaction provides an opportunity to 
further expand the growth of our products through Bats' great geographic reach. We believe it will also 
create the opportunity to expand and further grow Bats' trading current lines through CBOE's product 
development expertise and deep customer engagement and educational resources. 
 
In addition to expanding CBOE's product line, the acquisition will broaden our customer reach with Bats' 
European presence and increase our non-transactional revenue stream with Bats' market data services 
while enabling us to streamline the combined company's technology going forward. 
 
We plan to utilize Bats' state of the art proprietary trading to accommodate CBOE's products, thus in 
time providing trading in US and European cash equities, global ETPs, options, futures, volatility and FX 
products on a single proven platform. 
 
Once we move to a single technology platform, customers have the ability to trade across six cash 
equities markets and four options markets, each with different market models. The result will be a 
combined company with enhanced financial strength and increased flexibility for strategic growth 
initiatives and opportunities which we believe will allow us to deliver greater value for CBOE 
stockholders. 
 
Turning to slide five, I know that some of those on the call today might not be as familiar as others about 
the way we have talked about our strategy to create long-term value for stockholders. So let me tie it 
together. 
 
We have said for some time that our mission is to provide innovative products that facilitate and 
enhance trading in a global market place and that the way we do that is to develop unique products, 
expand our customer base and form strategic partnerships that complement our core business. The 
combination with Bats should accelerate our momentum on each of these fronts. We are particularly 
excited about the many possibilities for developing new trading opportunities and efficiencies that we 
expect will result from combining CBOE's and Bats' product lines. 
 
Further, we believe the breadth of the combined company's products and markets will strengthen our 
position as a leading partner to execute on innovative trading and investing ideas. 
 
The addition of Bats should also fast-track our ability to reach new customers through geographic 
expansion and valuable market data opportunities. 
 
Turning to slide six, which shows an overview of the transaction details. You can see from the slide, the 
deal is structured as a cash and stock transaction which we believe provides Bats' stockholders with the 
ability to participate in the upside of the combined company as we work to realize the significant 
benefits of the transaction. 
 
Bats' stockholders will receive 0.3201 of a share of CBOE and $10 per share in cash valued at $32.50 per 
Bats' share or a total equity value of approximately $3.2 billion based on CBOE's closing price of $70.30 
per share on September 23, 2016, a 22.5% premium to Bats' share price on September 22, prior to 
media reports regarding the potential transaction. 
 
The pro forma company is expected to be 72% owned by existing CBOE stockholders and 28% by Bats 
stockholders. We will fund the cash portion of the consideration and the refinancing of Bats' debt 
through available cash and new borrowings of $1.65 billion for which commitment letters have been 
obtained. As a result, we have decided to suspend our current share repurchase program in order to 
focus on deleveraging. We intend to maintain our dividend policy and we will plan to regularly review 
our capital allocation strategy to ensure we are utilizing our capital position to deliver maximum long-
term value to our stockholders. 
 
Following the close of the transaction, I will serve as CEO of the combined company. Chris Concannon 
will become President and COO succeeding Edward Provost, CBOE'S current President and COO, who 
plans to retire at that time. Chris Isaacson, Bats CIO, will succeed Jerry O'Connell who also plans to retire 
as CEO of CBOE. Alan Dean will remain CFO of the combined company. 
 
We are excited to add world-class leaders from Bats who share our culture of innovation and are 
committed to realizing the full benefits of this transaction to CBOE's executive team. 
 
Additionally, three members of the Bats Board of Directors will be added to CBOE's current Board of 
Directors for a combined board of 14. Three CBOE Directors will be stepping down from CBOE's Board at 
the close of the transaction. The combined company's corporate headquarters will be located in 
Chicago. We intend to maintain Bats' technology operations in Kansas City and to combine Bats' and 
CBOE's New York offices as well as CBOE's London office with Bats European headquarters in London. 
 
We expect the transaction to close in the first half of 2017 but until then, there is still work to be done 
including receipt of regulatory clearances and approvals and stockholder votes. This transaction will also 
require a thoughtful integration planning process to bring these two great companies together. Both the 
CBOE and Bats teams are confident in our ability to facilitate a successful transition. 
 
Slide seven shows in more detail the complementary nature of this transaction and the full suite of 
products and services that the combined company will offer customers. Bats operates in US equities 
trading, European equities trading and trade reporting and global foreign exchange, none of which CBOE 
currently offers. CBOE operates in futures and proprietary options products, neither of which Bats 
currently offers. 
 
Within options trading, our companies differ substantially. Bats' principal options exchange uses a 
maker-taker pricing model with a price time matching algorithm. CBOE's principal exchange uses a 
traditional pricing model with a pro rata allocation algorithm. The combined company will continue to 
operate all four options exchanges using the existing market models. 
 
This slide also breaks down in more detail the combined company's profile in terms of its global 
footprint. As operator of the largest Pan-European stock market, the largest European trade reporting 
facility and a global FX business, Bats should significantly accelerate our expansion into Europe building 
upon the opening of our London office to further our engagement with European-based clients and 
potential new customers as well as strategic partners. 
 
Slide eight details CBOE's business mix once the transaction closes which will be significantly more 
diverse. If you look at the right side of the slide, you can see the pro forma company by both asset class 
as well as the transactional versus the non-transactional revenue. 
 
We anticipate the acquisition of Bats will increase CBOE's non-transactional net revenue from 27% to 
nearly 40% on a pro forma basis. We also expect the addition of Bats' market data to allow us as a 
combined company to expand our global customer reach and create new index services. Bats will also 
diversify CBOE's pro forma net revenue mix with its leading Pan-European business. 
 
Now moving to slide nine which outlines how we believe this transaction will enable us to capitalize on 
major trends in the industry. As we look toward the future, we see several key trends that will define the 
next era of trading and investing. 
 
First, we believe sophisticated strategies will be packaged into simple and cost-effective listed products 
particularly ETPs. 
 
Second, we believe those listed products will largely be index-based which will drive demand for 
indexing services. 
 
Third, we believe trading strategies will be increasingly global macro themed. With this transaction, we 
believe we are positioning the combined company to take an industry leading role in the growth of 
these key trends creating new revenue opportunities. 
 
In the medium-term, these opportunities should include meaningful additional ETP listings by joining 
CBOE's index provider partners and Bats' global listing in trading venues. We plan to bring together 
CBOE's indexing capabilities and Bats' product issuer relationships to generate new index services 
opportunities. We plan to join CBOE's deep derivatives expertise and Bats' extensive European and FX 
footprint to create unique European and FX derivatives products. 
 
In the longer term by executing on these opportunities, we believe we are positioning CBOE as the go-to 
partner to execute on innovative cutting edge trading and investing ideas. 
 
As our history demonstrates, we understand well how to turn market insight into revolutionary 
benchmarks and tradable products. Both Bats and CBOE are high-growth innovative companies and we 
are excited about creating an even stronger more dynamic company through this complementary 
combination. 
 
Each of our companies has excelled in the exchange space despite competing against some very large 
and growing exchange holding companies. We believe this deal enables us to achieve synergies and 
economies of scale that will better enable us to continue to innovate and compete in years to come to 
the benefit of all of our stakeholders. 
 
Before turning this over to Chris and Alan, I want to think the many team members at Bats and CBOE as 
well as our respective advisers who helped bring us to this point. I think it is fair to say that the more we 
learn of one another's companies and cultures the more energized and excited we became to join 
forces. 
 
With that, I will turn it over to Chris. 
 
 Chris Concannon  - Bats Global Markets Inc. - CEO  
 
Thanks, Ed. I want to reiterate everything Ed said about the strategic merits and benefits of this 
combination that it has truly been a pleasure working with Ed and the rest of the CBOE Holdings team as 
we put this transaction together. These are two great organizations and we are delighted to be part of 
the growth opportunities that this combination will create. 
 
Each company brings complementary unique best-in-class strengths to this transaction and we are 
pleased to have reached this agreement to combine with CBOE. 
 
We believe CBOE and Bats' shared passion for innovation will significantly enhance each company's 
ability to seize new opportunities in today's global marketplace. It's one of the many reasons why I'm 
excited to stay on after the close and serve as President and COO. 
 
Importantly the structure of the transaction offers our stockholders immediate cash value as well as the 
opportunity to participate in what we believe is the tremendous upside of this combination. We believe 
our stockholders will benefit as the combination allows the company to accelerate its strategic growth 
plan. We also believe the transaction will deliver significant benefits for our customers and enhance 
long-term stockholder value by greatly expanding the CBOE product line across asset classes, 
broadening the geographic reach with Bats strong Pan-European equities position, diversifying the 
business mix with significant non-transactional revenue streams and allowing for trading in all of the 
combined companies' markets on a single proven proprietary technology platform. 
 
From both a strategic and financial perspective, I believe this transaction is compelling and I look 
forward to working with the team at CBOE to bring our companies together to realize the power of this 
combination and ensure a smooth transition. 
 
Finally, I want to say that I am thankful for the hard work and dedication of our talented employees and 
I am confident they will continue to make many valuable contributions as part of a larger and stronger 
organization. We believe achieving this transaction demonstrates the tremendous value our team of 
employees has built at Bats in just 10 years in operation. We look forward to sharing those benefits with 
all stakeholders as we move forward with this exciting combination. 
 
With that I would like to turn the call over to Alan to discuss the significant synergy opportunities and 
pro forma financials. Alan? 
 
 Alan Dean  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CFO  
 
Thank you, Chris. As Ed mentioned and slide 10 demonstrates, we expect significant cost synergies from 
this transaction which is one of the reasons we are confident this transaction is a win for CBOE 
stockholders. We expect to achieve annual run rate cost synergies of approximately $65 million within 
five years and approximately $50 million anticipated to be realized within three years. The breakdown of 
synergies can be found toward the bottom of the slide for both the three- and five-year targets. 
 
As you can see, the majority of expected synergies are IT related. This includes the substantial expected 
technology related synergies associated with the migration to a single technology platform which 
includes modifying Bats' current trading system to accommodate CBOE's market models. We expect this 
number to increase over the three- and five-year periods as we work to fully migrate the technology 
platforms by the end of 2020. 
 
Non-IT synergies related to optimizing the expense structure of the combined Company of $18 million 
are expected to be achieved within the first three years. 
 
As you can see on slide 11, the result is a combined company with meaningful scale and financial 
strength which should enable CBOE to further grow and capitalize on these synergy opportunities. 
 
The combined company will have more than $1 billion in combined net revenue and $660 million in 
combined EBITDA before synergies. We believe the transaction will be accretive to adjusted EPS 
immediately following the completion of the transaction. In addition to being accretive in the first year 
post close, the transaction is also expected to expand our adjusted EBITDA margin with pro forma 
margins estimated to increase by approximately 300 basis points before synergies. 
 
Further, our expected strong free cash flow generation enhances our ability to continue to deliver 
returns above our cost of capital. CBOE should be well-positioned to invest in strategic growth initiatives 
and opportunities and its increased scale will allow us to better compete in an evolving landscape. 
 
Ed mentioned that CBOE has obtained $1.65 billion of new borrowings. On a pro forma basis at the time 
of close, we expect the combined company to have total leverage of 2.5 trailing 12 month's combined 
pro forma adjusted EBITDA. We intend to delever using significant pro forma cash flow to pay down 
debt. We expect to delever to a ratio estimated to be below 2 times adjusted EBITDA one year post 
close. 
 
With that I will turn the call back to Ed to wrap up the presentation. 
 
 Ed Tilly  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
Thanks, Alan. Turning to the last slide, I want to reiterate why we see this transaction as an unparalleled 
opportunity. 
 
In the past many of you have asked about our criteria for executing a significant transaction. I have 
always said we would look for a company that offered complementary products and services but that 
also provided margins and growth rates that were similar to CBOE's; in other words, a company that 
looks a lot like Bats. 
 
We are confident that this transaction will benefit all of our stakeholders and I'm excited about CBOE's 
and Bats' future as a combined company. 
 
With that, let's open up the call for questions. 
 
 Debbie Koopman  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - VP of IR  
 
 Thanks, Ed. Operator, we will now take questions. I just want to remind everybody to limit to one 
question and they can get back in the queue and if we have time we will allow a follow-up. 
  
 QUESTION AND ANSWER 
 
Operator  
 
 (Operator Instructions). Rich Repetto, Sandler O'Neill. 
 
 Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neil & Partners - Analyst  
 
 Good morning, Ed. Good morning, Chris and Alan and team. Congratulations first. I guess since it is one 
question it is in regards to the M&A activity -- or the other activity that you might have been involved 
with leading up to this. For example, I guess the question, Chris, was there any competing bids or was 
any process to look at Bats any other competing offers for Bats? 
 
And then the same for you, Ed. Has there been any requests and what is the breakup fee if there is a 
breakup fee? 
 
 Ed Tilly - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
 Rich, that is not one question but I like it. 
 
 Chris Concannon - Bats Global Markets Inc. - CEO  
 
Rich, it is Chris. I will start. Obviously we are proud of what Bats has built over the years and only 
recently went public very successfully and listed on the Bats Exchange. As a public company we 
considered all opportunities but Bats was not for sale, Bats wasn't running an auction, Bats fund a 
strategic relationship that was unparalleled in how we fit together. And our excitement around the 
opportunity to combine these two companies, it is rare to find two companies that have such 
complementary business models and complementary products and services. So again, it was a unique 
transaction and a unique relationship that we could build with CBOE. 
 
 Ed Tilly - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
Rich, from our perspective really the position hasn't changed on M&A. The one that we actually began 
answering questions six years ago on our road show and uniquely if you look at it and the Street looks at 
our growth prospects, we have focusing on growing our core business organically primarily in the VIX 
and cash settled broad-based index complex. That continues. 
 
Around 18 months ago, we began bolt-on acquisitions that you are very familiar with that would fuel at 
a higher rate the growth in our proprietary index complex. 
 
And then of course we have always considered looking at M&A strategically. 
 
We have been looking for a company for quite some time that matches the growth profile that we have 
enjoyed, one that shares a culture of innovation. And the opportunity for Bats came up and we like what 
we see, love the combined opportunities ahead of us and we will be focusing on both growing the 
continued growth of our proprietary complex and adding to that a great breadth of products, 
geographic and asset class diversification. 
 
So this is a great fit but one that has been consistent with what we have been looking for to fuel that 
growth. 
 
And as for the breakup fee, your second question, Alan will take that one. 
 
 Alan Dean  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CFO  
 
The breakup fee is $110 million both ways plus expenses. John Deters, do I have that right? 
 
 John Deters  - CBOE Holdings Inc - Chief Strategy Officer  
 
That is correct. It is a reciprocal break fee. 
 
 Ed Tilly  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
Thank you, Rich. 
 
Operator  
 
Chris Allen, Buckingham. 
 
 Chris Allen  - Buckingham Research - Analyst  
 
Good morning, guys. Congratulations. I just wanted to ask -- Bats has been a disruptor in this space and 
CBOE has been one of the disruptees. Just trying to think about how you guys will rationalize the options 
business going forward? Obviously there is a pretty meaningful disparity in pricing between the two 
platforms. I'm trying to think about any potential revenue dis-synergies longer-term. 
 
 Ed Tilly  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
That is a great question and we have recognized Bats' -- their ability to run an incredible platform from a 
technology perspective at a very low cost has given them that disruptive position not just in the options 
space but in equities as well. What we recognize however when we look specifically in the options 
market, CBOE is the leader in the traditional market model, that is primarily customers trade for free, 
they have priority, we don't charge customers, we charge liquidity our providers to interact with that 
customer flow and we have competed quite well as the leader in that space. 
 
Bats, as you point out, is the leader in the alternative model of the traditional that CBOE has excelled so 
that pricing strategy we plan on continuing. So the disruption has really happened in that maker-taker 
pricing and the capture that is available in a maker-taker pricing model. Not as much in that traditional 
model that CBOE has excelled so we find it quite complementary actually going forward. 
 
 Alan Dean  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CFO  
 
Chris, this is Alan. I don't see any dis-synergies actually. I think the Bats' pricing strategy complements 
what we do in terms of pricing and I don't foresee any changes going forward. 
 
 Chris Concannon  - Bats Global Markets Inc. - CEO  
 
I will add one thing. If you think about the Bats' culture of disruption and you think about what drives 
that, it really starts with a cost-effective state-of-the-art technology platform. We love that about Bats 
and we look forward to delivering those benefits and those efficiencies to our customers as well. 
 
 Chris Allen  - Buckingham Research - Analyst  
 
Thanks, guys. I will get back in the queue. 
 
Operator  
 
Brian Bedell, Deutsche Bank. 
 
 Brian Bedell  - Deutsche Bank - Analyst  
 
Good morning, folks. Congrats also. A quick question for Ed and Chris, maybe if you can elaborate on the 
revenue synergies that you think -- you didn't sort of outline them financially. But maybe if you could 
talk over the next couple of years. You mentioned market data and new index services I think, Ed. If you 
can talk about a little bit more specifically about what types of revenue synergies you think you might be 
able to get with the combined organization? And are you still continuing the efforts on the Bats' side 
with launching the options, options exchange and the complex order types next year? 
 
 Ed Tilly  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
So I will let Chris answer the questions on the Bats plan to continue in its operation specifically between 
our announcement today and close and my assumption would be that will continue but I will let Chris 
answer that. 
 
As for the opportunity in the prepared remarks. what we really like about this company and I will start 
with continue to love our growth trajectory in our core business that is volatility and index trading as I 
have said. I love that as a standalone, like it even more in this combined company and the opportunities 
ahead of us. 
 
But specifically even in the prepared remarks, we made a very big point that sophisticated strategies 
continue to be packaged into single cost-effective listed products like ETPs. So this deal having a listing 
venue placed so nicely into that for us, it is one of the opportunities that Chris and I identified right in 
the onset. 
 
And then listed products are becoming increasingly index-based and increasingly global macro themed. 
This combination plays beautifully into our index strengths as a developer of new products and a new 
listing venue and a global business development focus and of course our ability to lever them. All of that 
as the educator of strategic uses for our products. So the combination is even more powerful we think 
than the path that we were already on to be the go-to place for new product development, answering 
the gaps from our customers' perspective on their various risk profiles by bringing tradable products and 
meaningful indexes to the marketplace and even better opportunity with the asset class and geographic 
diversity offered by this deal. 
 
 Chris Concannon  - Bats Global Markets Inc. - CEO  
 
And it is Chris; I will just add when we look at our product rollout in the option space, ironically it aligns 
perfectly with any type of synergies and buildout that we would need for the CBOE platform. So we plan 
on moving forward with our targeted rollout. Obviously we will be focusing many hours and many 
months on the integration and the re-platforming effort but right now the build works perfectly for both 
our rollout but also any technology integrations that we need to complete. 
 
With regard to the revenue synergy opportunities as Ed mentioned in his remarks, when you look at 
Europe and our European distribution channel, it is just a wonderful place for the CBOE products 
whether it is the VIX products or the Index products and distributed throughout Europe using this 
wonderfully built distribution channel that comes with the largest exchange in Europe. 
 
So the opportunity there is really a product expansion, geographic expansion opportunity. 
 
The last thing I will mention on topline revenue opportunity is something that we learned at Bats is 
when you do replace technology when you put one of the most efficient technology platforms in a 
market you tend to get topline benefits from that. So as I think about the CFE market and the CFE 
market model with a Bats' engine, that gets me excited about what we can do on topline. 
 
 Brian Bedell  - Deutsche Bank - Analyst  
 
 Great, thank you. 
 
Operator  
 
 Chris Harris, Wells Fargo. 
 
 Chris Harris  - Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst  
 
Thanks, guys. A question for CBOE management. You guys really haven't been very acquisitive over the 
years at least as it relates to large transactions and putting these two companies together brings a lot of 
complexity. I imagine it is not an easy thing to accomplish. 
 
Can you talk a little bit about the bench strength you have that could help bring expertise in combining 
these companies? Thanks. 
 
 Ed Tilly  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
Sure. It is so great to look at that opportunity and of course there are obstacles. One of the strengths 
and I think key to this announcement as I'm sitting next to Chris, this is exactly what Chris and the team 
have executed on and mentioning our ability to lean on an incredible technology team in Kansas City 
who has been through integration as well is really what we will be leaning on. 
 
But I think the first and foremost the most important thing for us is looking at this from a cultural 
perspective. This is a great fit culturally and while the obstacles of the integration are in front of us, it 
starts with a team of aligned to execute, both a management team and the entire organizations both of 
them dedicated already excited. And so that first step of a cultural fit has been met and I think the 
execution and integration will flow from it. 
 
But I would like Chris to say a few words on the execution that they have had in the past and our ability 
to rely on that team who has seen this type of integration before. 
 
 Chris Concannon  - Bats Global Markets Inc. - CEO  
 
 Thanks, Ed. First I want to mention that I think CBOE has been just been taking its time to find the right 
partner and they found the perfect partner. So it is more of a complement that they have given us taking 
all this time to find us. 
 
Really on the integration I would disagree. It is not that complex. Obviously the technology build and all 
of the software work that the team will be doing is complex but the integration of these two companies 
is much like the integration of many exchanges that we have seen in our space for a number of years. 
 
I have been at the integration of exchanges for 15 years now and this is a perfectly designed one and I'm 
looking forward to executing through it. 
 
We have done recently integrations at Bats; the Direct integration was probably one of the most 
perfectly engineered integrations that I have seen in my career in the exchange space. So the experience 
of Bats, the experience of the management team that will be combined here at CBOE is set up perfectly 
for a smooth transition. 
 
Operator  
 
 Vincent Hung, Autonomous. 
 
 Vincent Hung  - Autonomous Research - Analyst  
 
 Good morning. So what level of accretion do you expect inclusive of full run rate synergies and what 
cost of debt are you assuming? Thanks. 
 
Unidentified Company Representative  
 
 (technical difficulty) happening in the first year with these synergies involved and the debt as I said is 
$1.65 billion. That is a fully committed bridge facility from Bank of America and we will replace that 
facility with (technical difficulty) using a combination of term loan and corporate bonds, CBOE bonds 
that we will issue. There will be more term loan than bonds and I would expect the rates to be at market 
for an investment grade company. 
 
Operator  
 
 Michael Carrier, BAML. 
 
 Michael Carrier  - BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst  
 
Thanks, guys. Maybe just a question on the accretion. I guess just first, you guys have always when we 
looked at the products, you always talked about the high barrier products and that is what has been 
driving your growth and so now it gets a little bit more different meaning in terms of what will drive it 
going forward. 
 
But when I look at the accretion or the assumptions, and maybe Alan, just wanted to get your thoughts 
like on the synergies, does this include anything related to Vector, like does that change the outlook 
there? 
 
The second is just on the debt level like once you get below that 2 times, is that where you expect to be 
operating? And I just want to basically understand when we would expect maybe to buy back option to 
be back in there? 
 
And then lastly, just when you look at the pro forma numbers, the pro forma numbers just in terms of 
the multiple that you are assuming for the deal to be accretive because obviously that will factor in. 
 
 Ed Tilly  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
Okay. Trying to sort through your single question. So let me take Vector. Sure, upon the closing of this 
transaction, we will cease developing Vector and that and all of the efforts will go towards migrating 
CBOE's functionality onto the Bats platform. So sure that was taken into account as we calculated, 
estimated synergies for the combined Company. 
 
The PE multiple, that is a question. Our PE is higher than Bats but I tend to think that the Bats' PE is 
undervalued. I don't think the market is fully grasping the growth opportunities at Bats and so I am 
confident that the PE multiple of the combined company will reflect the growth that both CBOE and Bats 
have shown in the past and expect to show in the future. 
 
Debbie, what other? 
 
 Debbie Koopman  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - VP of IR  
 
Leverage ratio. 
 
 Ed Tilly  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
Oh, leverage ratio. So this combined company will generate a significant amount of cash annually going 
forward and our intention is to delever. Our analysis shows that we can reduce our leverage by about a 
half a turn of EBITDA in that ratio each year. 
 
Now we don't expect to stop at 2 times EBITDA after the first year. I expect to continue to bring it down 
to a lower level leaving permanent debt of corporate bonds on our balance sheet. 
 
How does that affect our stock repurchase plan? We said in the press release I believe or in our remarks 
that we intend to suspend our stock repurchase plan but that doesn't mean we are going to stop being 
opportunistic in what we do. And if there were an opportunity even in the short term that made buying 
back our stock the right thing to do, we would implement that. And so I would say that we will return to 
our stock repurchase plan pretty quickly. 
 
 Chris Concannon  - Bats Global Markets Inc. - CEO  
 
I will jump quickly on the point about the multiple. Why do we feel the Bats' multiple is perhaps lower 
than its long-term potential might be? As a public company only four to five months now, we think Bats 
is not as fully seasoned as some others. There is a track record that has yet to develop and what we see 
in the performance of the business like Alan mentioned, it really demonstrates characteristics that are 
not dissimilar to ours. High growth rates of an innovative business, and impressive EBITDA margins that 
are reflective of a wide moat business as a result of a best-in-class technology. 
 
So we do believe that the Bats business is deserving of a higher multiple and we think the combined 
company will bear that out. 
 
 Michael Carrier  - BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst  
 
Okay. Thank you for the answers. 
 
Operator  
 
Kyle Voigt, KBW. 
 
 Kyle Voigt  - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst  
 
Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe one for Ed and Alan. I am just trying to get a 
better understanding of your thoughts on CBOE's willingness or ability to be more acquisitive in the 
future given that you will be a larger company, have stronger cash flow generation and now you have 
debt on your balance sheet for the first time. So I'm just wondering is there a shift here? And once you 
are comfortable with the Bats integration, should we think about CBOE maybe being more acquisitive 
going forward than it has been in the past? Thank you. 
 
 Ed Tilly  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
I think to win or how we would look to the future as far as M&A activity would be very much the same 
discipline. And whether or not it takes us six years, I might take the under -- but it will be with the same 
discipline; what it is we think complements our growth trajectory as a combined company, what pieces 
in the industry from our customers' perspective they will be better served if we were to undertake 
additional M&A activity. 
 
So it will be exactly the same position and the same words that we have used all along and that is 
looking for a company that shares our culture of innovation, the ability to bring tradable products to the 
marketplace and to answer our customers' needs. So that will not change. 
 
Now in the short-term, that may show up in additional bolt-on transactions. We do know that there are 
pieces just to continue fueling this incredible volatility in index complex that may require us in the 
smaller M&A more in the bolt-on size in the short term. So we will take the exact same approach that 
we had leading up to and finding our partner, Bats. 
 
 Alan Dean  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CFO  
 
I will add, Kyle, that one of the reasons why we never carried any debt up until this point was to leave us 
with the flexibility to execute on a large M&A transaction like this and I think that flexibility really served 
us well. 
 
So to echo what Ed said, looking forward our thinking about M&A opportunities, in the future is the 
same as it was in the past. 
 
Operator  
 
Katie Kolchin, Rosenblatt Securities. 
 
 Katie Kolchin  - Rosenblatt Securities - Analyst  
 
Good morning, everyone. Quick question on getting regulatory approval. So when NASDAQ went and 
got ISE earlier this year prior to the acquisition the top three players in the space were around 62% of 
total market share. After that acquisition, it went up to 77. So we are looking at a much different 
environment that you could be tackling when you go in for antitrust approval. And just to look at that 
further after this acquisition, you would have the top three players being around 89%. Do you guys think 
it is going to be difficult to get approval given these numbers or do you think the age-old argument that 
the different exchanges do different pricing, serve different customers is still going to work? Thank you. 
 
 Ed Tilly  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
 I think you just answered that perfectly. The exchanges and the same comments we made when 
NASDAQ bought ISE, we recognized as do our regulators that the competition occurs on a medallion 
level, not on a holdings company level. So I think I pointed out the complementary nature of our options 
exchange businesses. They compete today. They are going to compete tomorrow. There are different 
customers who favor the maker-taker leading position that Bats has and those that favor the traditional 
model and that is where CBOE finds itself. 
 
But make no mistake, we do compete by medallion and we will continue to do so going forward. That is 
the way our regulators view it, that is the way we view this going into approval and expect that we will 
be closing the first half of 2017 with those approvals. 
 
 Katie Kolchin  - Rosenblatt Securities - Analyst  
 
 Okay, thank you. 
 
Operator  
 
 Ken Worthington, JPMorgan. 
 
 Ken Worthington  - JPMorgan - Analyst  
 
 Good morning. Chris, a question for you. It seems like the case for the two companies is compelling. But 
if you achieved your goals, Bats looks like it could have been in a position to be the acquirer rather than 
the current situation where you were the target. 
 
Maybe why did you feel like the deal needed to take place today? Maybe with why the urgency with 
Bats as the seller rather than waiting two or three years when you and Bats could have delivered on 
your targets, seen earnings in the multiple expand and leaving you in a position to be the buyer? 
 
 Chris Concannon  - Bats Global Markets Inc. - CEO  
 
 Great question, Ken. Really when you look at the combination, what excites me about it is it is now and 
that we can actually start producing shareholder value now. So the notion of waiting until Bats gets 
bigger and becomes the buyer, I have never thought of that and I don't think of things like that where 
you have to be on top in a transaction that creates so much shareholder value that can start getting 
executed today. 
 
So when I think about it, it is all about the combined shareholders and delivering that shareholder value. 
This transaction is all about cost synergies. There obviously are some topline synergies that we have 
talked about but when you look at this transaction and value it and evaluate it on its merits the power of 
this transaction is the synergies that can be delivered through this combined organization. I like to get 
those started early, not later and the opportunity presented itself and we took advantage of it. 
 
 Ken Worthington  - JPMorgan - Analyst  
 
 Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
 
Operator  
 
 Rob Rutschow, CLSA. 
 
 Rob Rutschow  - CLSA - Analyst  
 
 Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask a question about expenses and organic expense growth for the 
combined company. If I look at a five-year timeframe for getting the expense synergies, that is a little bit 
longer than usual. And if you have a $500 million combined expense base if I put a 2% or 3% growth rate 
on that, I get to about $65 million in additional expenses over that five years. 
 
So should we look for an absolute reduction in expenses and how do you think about the combined -- 
the organic growth rate for the two companies prior to the merger and how that is impacted by the 
merger going forward? 
 
 Alan Dean  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CFO  
 
Sure, Rob. This is Alan. We both look at expense growth in the same way, both very tight with the 
money that we spend. We both realized that to maximize shareholder value we have to control 
expenses. We both do that these same way. And as they matter of fact, our targets going forward were 
at the 2% to 3% range both of us going forward and I would expect that. The cost synergies that we 
identified are net of that growth rate and it is looking at expenses going forward. 
 
And the five-year, $65 million number is a little bit out there, I agree. But the three-year $50 million 
number is really compelling and we put that five-year number out there because it shows that this is a 
process that will continue to give benefits to shareholders of both companies for many years to come. 
 
 Chris Concannon  - Bats Global Markets Inc. - CEO  
 
Alan, if I could add, having been through these transactions in the past, it is still early days. As we walk 
through the process of integration, we will find and discover new opportunities whether it is topline or 
bottom line, you always find new opportunities as you go walk through and it is a three-year walk but 
we will surely find new opportunities for cost synergies along the way. 
 
 Rob Rutschow  - CLSA - Analyst  
 
Thanks for taking my question. 
 
Operator  
 
Patrick O'Shaughnessy, Raymond James. 
 
 Patrick O'Shaughnessy  - Raymond James & Associates - Analyst  
 
Good morning. So at the cost of financing, cost of debt being so low, I guess I'm a little bit surprised you 
are using as much stock in this transaction relative to the debt/cash component. Can you maybe talk 
about why you structured it the way you did? Why you were maybe not comfortable using a little bit 
more debt to finance the deal? 
 
 Ed Tilly  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
 Maybe it is the conservative nature of CBOE that we have always have, we have always talked about. 
That is still there, that won't change. Our leverage ratio we took it to the point that we felt comfortable 
and didn't want to go past that. That was a significant factor in determining how much cash we used in 
this transaction. 
 
 Patrick O'Shaughnessy  - Raymond James & Associates - Analyst  
 
 Thank you. 
 
Operator  
 
Christian Bolu, Credit Suisse. 
 
Christian Bolu  - Credit Suisse - Analyst  
 
Good morning, guys. So just trying to understand how the CBOE team looks at the financial merits of the 
M&A versus other capital allocation opportunities. So you mentioned the deal has attractive return on 
invested capital. My question is what return on capital is that and then what kind of cost of capital are 
you assuming for CBOE? 
 
Alan Dean  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CFO  
 
The cost of capital, our internal cost of capital is about 8% and we believe that the return from this 
transaction significantly exceeds that. I think when you do the analysis you will see how accretive this is 
to adjusted EPS and we are generating shareholder value was our goal and through synergies and this 
combination, we accomplish that. 
 
Christian Bolu  - Credit Suisse - Analyst  
 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Operator  
 
Surinder Thind, Jefferies. 
 
Surinder Thind  - Jefferies LLC - Analyst  
 
Good morning, guys. Apologies, I may have missed this earlier but any color around the path that cost 
synergies will take in the sense that would you be looking at 20% after year one, 60 after year two or 
something like that? 
 
Ed Tilly  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
As Chris mentioned, we will just start the integration process and so what I would use in my model is a 
pro rata allocation of those cost synergies. And as we wind through the process and can refine that 
number, we will give clarity on it in the future but for right now I would just divide the $50 million 
number by 3 and as time progresses we will give clarity. 
 
Operator  
 
Rich Repetto, Sandler O'Neill. 
 
 Rich Repetto  - Sandler O'Neil & Partners - Analyst  
 
So my follow-up question is I am assuming that the S&P licensing agreement isn't impacted but how do 
you look at the deal -- it is significant accretion? On how do you balance that or did you look at the 
balancing versus the potential multiple contraction if there was an acquisition premium built in to your 
stock, Ed. 
 
 Ed Tilly  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
So first on the S&P, you are right, the S&P relationship continues and what was the second part of the 
question? 
 
 Rich Repetto  - Sandler O'Neil & Partners - Analyst  
 
The accretion versus multiple? 
 
Ed Tilly  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
We had to look at all factors in evaluating this deal. Every part of the transaction was a factor and 
analyzed including what we thought the multiple would do two relative to the accretion on EPS. So that 
certainly that was a factor. 
 
Chris Concannon  - Bats Global Markets Inc. - CEO  
 
Rich, obviously you have seen other transactions in the space and you have seen similar scenarios where 
you have a potential for multiple compression but when you look at the synergies and the synergy 
delivery, many times that shareholder value will overcome any even if it is slight multiple compression. 
 
So as we evaluated the deal, obviously taking CBOE stock at that high multiple, that was our number one 
focus on evaluating how this transaction would take place. Really looking at the synergies to drive 
shareholder value and EBITDA back in is what really overcomes any even slight multiple compression. 
 
Ed Tilly  - CBOE Holdings Inc. - CEO  
 
And I think, Rich, the second part I think you hinted at was whether or not there was premium in our 
stock as a result of a potential target. We don't operate the business like that, we never have. We 
operate the business for growth and tomorrow and our path and our terms and so we don't consider 
whether or not we were targeted or not or if that was reflected in the multiples? It is just not how we 
run the business. 
 
Rich Repetto  - Sandler O'Neil & Partners - Analyst  
 
Understood. Thanks, guys. 
 
Operator  
 
This concludes today's conference call for the analysts. We ask that the media please stay on the line for 
their Q&A and we ask that you please stand by.  
 
Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
This presentation contains certain statements regarding intentions, beliefs and expectations or predictions for the 
future of CBOE Holdings, Inc. (“ CBOE”) and Bats Global Markets, Inc. (“ Bats”), which are forward-looking 
statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements 
regarding post -closing integration or optimization of the combined businesses, expected pro forma revenue, 
anticipated synergies, the expected benefits of the proposed transaction and the anticipated timing of the closing or 
integration efforts. Words such as “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “seeks,” 
“projects” or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs, such as “will,” “should,” “would,” “could,” 
“may” or variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, 
which are not statements of historical fact or guarantees or assurances of future performance. However, the absence 
of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward -looking. Actual results could 
differ materially from those projected or forecast in the forward -looking statements. The fac tors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially include, without limitation, the following risks, uncertainties or assumptions: the 
satisfaction of the conditions precedent to the consummation of the proposed transaction, including, without 
limitation, the receipt of stockholder and regulatory approvals (including clearance by antitrust authorities necessary 
to complete the transaction) on the terms desired or anticipated; unanticipated difficulties or expenditures relating to 
the proposed transac tion, including, without limitation, difficulties that result in the failure to realize expected 
synergies, efficiencies and cost savings from the proposed transaction within the expected time period (if at all), 
whether in connection with integration, com bining trading platforms, broadening distribution of offerings or 
otherwise; CBOE’s ability to obtain and maintain an investment grade credit rating and obtain financing on the 
anticipated terms and schedule; risks relating to the value of CBOE’s shares to  be issued in the transaction; 
disruptions of CBOE’s and Bats’ current plans, operations and relationships with market participants caused by the 
announcement and pendency of the proposed transaction; potential difficulties in CBOE’s and Bats’ ability to r etain 
employees as a result of the announcement and pendency of the proposed transaction; legal proceedings that may be 
instituted against CBOE and Bats following announcement of the proposed transaction; and other factors described 
in CBOE’s annual report  on Form 10 -K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 19, 2016, Bats’ final prospectus, which was filed with 
the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) on April 15, 2016, Bats’ q uarterly report for the quarterly period ended June 30, 
2016, which was filed with the SEC on August 5, 2016, and other filings made by CBOE and Bats from time to time 
with the SEC. The factors described in such SEC filings include, without limitation: CBOE’s ability to retain its right 
to exclusively list and trade certain index options and futures products; economic, political and market conditions; 
compliance with legal and regulatory obligations (and changes thereto), including obligations under agreements with 
regulatory agencies; increasing competition in the industries in which CBOE and Bats operate; CBOE’s and Bats’ 
ability to operate their respective businesses without violating the intellectual property rights of others and the costs 
associated with protecting their respective intellectual property rights; decreases in trading volumes or a shift in the 
mix of products traded on CBOE’s or Bats’ exchanges; each of CBOE’s and Bats’ ability to accommodate trading 
volume and transaction traffic, including significant increases, without failure or degradation of performance of their 
respective systems; CBOE’s and Bats’ ability to protect their respective systems and communication networks from 
security risks, including cyber-attacks; the ability to manage CBOE’s and Bats’ growth and strategic acquisitions or 
alliances effectively, including the ability to realize the anticipated benefits of past acquisitions; the ability to adapt 
successfully to technological changes to meet customers’ needs and developments in the marketplace; and the impact 
of legal and regulatory changes and proceedings, whether or not related to the proposed transaction. Neither CBOE 
nor Bats undertakes, and each of them expressly disclaims, any duty to update any forward-looking statement whether 
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Investors are cautioned not to 
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this presentation. 
Additional Information Regarding the Transaction and Where to Find It  
This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a 
solicitation of any vote or approval.  This communication is being made in respect of the proposed merger transaction 
involving CBOE Bats, CBOE Corporation and CBOE V, LLC. The issuance of shares of CBOE common stock in connection 
with the proposed merger will be submitted to the stockholders of CBOE for their consideration, and the propose d 
merger will be submitted to the stockholders of Bats for their consideration. In connection therewith, the parties 
intend to file relevant materials with the SEC, including a definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus, which will be 
mailed to CBOE stock holders and Bats stockholders. However, such documents are not currently available. BEFORE 
MAKING ANY VOTING OR ANY INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF CBOE AND/OR Bats 
ARE URGED TO READ THE DEFINITIVE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS RE GARDING THE PROPOSED 
TRANSACTION AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED OR TO BE FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND IN 
THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT 
THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Investors and sec urity holders may obtain free copies of the definitive joint proxy 
statement/prospectus, any amendments or supplements thereto and other documents containing important 
information about each of CBOE and Bats, once such documents are filed with the SEC, thr ough the website 
maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by CBOE will be available free of 
charge on CBOE’s website at http://ir.cboe.com/financial -information/sec-filings.aspx under the heading “SEC 
Filings” or by contacting CBOE’s Investor Relations Department at (312) 786-7136. Copies of the documents filed with 
the SEC by BATS will be available free of charge on BATS’ website at 
http://www.bats.com/investor_relations/financials/ under the heading “SEC Filings” or  by contacting BATS’ Investor 
Relations Department at (913) 815-7132.  
 
Participants in the Solicitation 
CBOE, Bats, their respective directors and executive officers, certain other members of CBOE’s and Bats’ respective 
management and certain of CBOE’s and Bats’ respective employees may be deemed to be participants in the 
solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction. Information about the directors and executive 
officers of CBOE is set forth in its proxy statement for its 2016 annual  meeting of stockholders, which was filed with 
the SEC on April 6, 2016, and its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which 
was filed with the SEC on February 19, 2016, and information about the directors and executive of ficers of Bats is 
set forth in its final prospectus, which was filed with the SEC on April 15, 2016.  Each of these documents can be 
obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Other information regarding the participants in the proxy 
solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be 
contained in the definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC 
when they become available. 
 