 
1 
 
CBOE HOLDINGS, INC. 
Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Call - Prepared Remarks 
Wednesday, February 3, 2016 
Debbie Koopman, VP Investor Relations 
Good morning and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter conference call.  On the call 
today, Ed Tilly, our CEO, will discuss the quarter and our strategic initiatives for 2016.  Then, 
Alan Dean, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will detail our fourth quarter 2015 financial 
results and provide guidance on certain financial metrics for 2016.  Following their comments, 
we will open the call to Q&A.  Also joining us for Q&A will be our President and COO, Ed Provost 
and our Chief Strategy Officer and Head of Corporate Initiatives, John Deters.  
In addition, I'd like to point out that this presentation will include the use of several slides.  We 
will be showing the slides and providing commentary on each.  A downloadable copy of the slide 
presentation is available on the investor relations portion of our website. 
As a preliminary note, you should be aware that this presentation contains forward-looking 
statements, which represent our current judgment on what the future may hold, and while we 
believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking statements are not guarantees 
of future performance and involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties.  Actual 
outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-
looking statements.  Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a full discussion of the factors 
that may affect any forward-looking statements.  We undertake no obligation to publicly update 
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or 
otherwise, after this conference call. 
Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Ed Tilly. 
Ed Tilly, CEO 
Good morning and thank you for joining us today. 
 
I am pleased to report another year of record financial results at CBOE Holdings.  Despite low 
volatility and lower trading volumes industrywide in 2015, CBOE Holdings posted record volume 
in our index trading complex led by new all-time highs in SPX options and VIX futures. We also 
significantly expanded our premium products and global customer reach, while forming new 
alliances to complement our core strengths and diversify our product offering. 
 
The ability to further develop trading in our premium products while optimizing our operational 
efficiency drove new annual highs in revenue and earnings, making 2015 our company’s fifth 
consecutive year of record financial results, enabling us to reward our shareholders through 
increased dividend payments and share repurchases. 
 
CBOE continues to lead the industry in all options trading by a significant margin.  In the very 
competitive and fluid multiply-listed options arena, CBOE implemented pricing changes that 
resulted in lower market share, but higher revenue per contract in 2015.  At the close of the year 
CBOE ranked second among the 13 options exchanges with a market share of 15.7 percent.  
We further adjusted pricing in 2016 and, for the month of January, CBOE ranked first among all 
options exchanges with a market share of 16.8 percent in multiply-listed classes. 
 
 
2 
 
Our mission for 2016 and beyond is to be the leader in providing innovative products that 
facilitate and enhance trading in a global marketplace. Our strategy is straightforward: continue 
to develop unique products, expand our customer base, form alliances that leverage and 
complement our core business, and continue to define and lead the options and volatility space 
globally. 
 
While product innovation is central to our value proposition, we are equally committed to further 
developing our current products.  CBOE’s S&P 500 Index (SPX) options remain the most 
actively traded U.S. index option and, after 32 years, continue to thrive and grow. 
 
Average daily volume (ADV) in our SPX options in 2015 rose 6 percent for a third consecutive 
year of record volume. Gains were driven largely by strong Weeklys trading, a product that has 
attracted retail investors to our largely institutional SPX marketplace.  We've seen a strong start 
in 2016 with January SPX ADV increasing 19 percent compared with the prior year and 33 
percent compared with December. 
 
As recently announced, we plan later this month to introduce SPX Weeklys with Wednesday 
Expirations. “Wednesday Weeklys,” in addition to end-of-week expirations, will increase 
opportunities to trade SPX and enable investors to better target specific 
expirations.  Wednesday Weeklys will also align with the Wednesday expirations of VIX Weeklys 
futures and options, providing greater trading flexibility for the increasing number of customers 
who use both VIX and SPX products. 
 
Turning now to VIX futures and options. Historically low levels of market volatility dominated 
much of 2015, punctuated by significant volatility spikes in the third quarter.  While VIX options 
ADV was down 9 percent from last year’s record pace, VIX futures posted a sixth consecutive 
record volume year with a gain of 2 percent over 2014.  Elevated volatility, and less certainty in 
the marketplace going into 2016, have driven dramatic increases in VIX trading.  In January, VIX 
options and futures trading was up 34 and 19 percent, respectively, over January 2015. 
 
Expanding our VIX offering and marketplace is a major opportunity and priority in 2016.  We 
continue to leverage our VIX methodology to create new products, as evidenced by the debut of 
VIX Weeklys futures in July 2015, followed by VIX Weeklys options in October.  VIX Weeklys 
options averaged 35,000 contracts per day in 2015.  We expect continued growth in 2016, given 
our ongoing business development efforts and the inherent utility of Weeklys trading. 
 
In other VIX news, we plan next month to begin overnight dissemination of the "spot" VIX Index.  
As you know, VIX measures the real-time implied volatility of S&P 500 options.  Our 
implementation of extended trading hours in SPX -- from 2 a.m. to 8:15 a.m. Central Time -- 
enables us to calculate and disseminate VIX in that time period, thus allowing market 
participants to view volatility during the overnight session through the same lens used in regular 
U.S. trading hours.  Overnight dissemination of VIX will yield valuable real-time volatility 
information when news breaks overnight and will allow overseas investors to reference VIX 
during their regular trading hours, further cementing the role of VIX as the world’s gauge for 
market volatility. 
 
Leveraging partnerships with index providers is key to product innovation at CBOE.  We became 
the sole U.S. provider of major FTSE Russell index products in 2015, beginning with Russell 
2000 Index (RUT) options in April.  I am pleased to report that January was a strong month in 
RUT options with ADV of 106,000 contracts.  We plan in 2016 to further leverage our 
 
3 
 
concentrated index option liquidity pool while expanding our customer base through joint 
marketing and educational efforts with our FTSE Russell partners. 
 
Last quarter we launched options on the Russell 1000 and Russell 1000 Growth and Value 
Indexes and we plan to launch options on the FTSE 100 and FTSE China 50 indexes next 
month.  The global exposure afforded by our exclusive U.S. offering of FTSE Russell products, 
as well as MSCI products, brings a growing international dimension to our index options 
franchise. 
 
CBOE continues to identify synergies and form alliances that leverage our strengths and enable 
us to efficiently diversify our product and business lines across new regions and asset classes. 
 
In the fourth quarter, we announced our partnership with the London Stock Exchange Group 
(LSEG) and major dealer banks in the launch and development of the CurveGlobal interest rate 
platform, which will trade on the LSE Derivatives Market and clear through LCH.Clearnet.  We 
anticipate a second-quarter launch of CurveGlobal with trading in futures based on major 
European interest rates.  Additional products, including potential new products from CBOE, are 
expected to follow. 
 
Also in the fourth quarter, we teamed with Environmental Financial Products (EFP) for the 
December 11th launch of the American Financial Exchange (AFX), an electronic marketplace for 
small and mid-sized banks to lend and borrow short-term funds.  CBOE now hosts, operates 
and is helping to develop AFX, which saw a total value of $326 million of unsecured overnight 
loans transacted in January, its first full month of trading. We anticipate increased trading in 
2016 with the expected participation of additional banks and with new product offerings.  AFX 
plans to launch a 30-day, unsecured loan product, as well as other new products, including a 
new transaction-based interest-rate benchmark for U.S. interbank lending called Ameribor. 
 
CBOE continues to leverage the marketing and educational efficiencies afforded by a 
comprehensive suite of CBOE index options and volatility products.  In support of an 
increasingly global product line, we are actively engaging a worldwide customer base through 
an ambitious educational agenda and by facilitating access to our products and markets through 
trading technology. 
 
Last quarter, in collaboration with the Singapore Exchange (SGX), we launched the CBOE 
Options Institute at SGX, the first extension of our educational facility.  We also expanded our 
Risk Management Conferences (RMC) with the first CBOE RMC Asia, which successfully 
debuted this past quarter in Hong Kong.  And, I’m pleased to announce today that this year 
CBOE plans to establish its first international business development outpost with the opening of 
an office in London. 
 
In what we see as a groundbreaking opportunity to expand options and volatility trading, CBOE 
last week made a majority equity investment in Vest Financial, an investment advisor that 
provides options-based services through packaged products and develops technology solutions 
for options-based investments. 
 
The Vest managed account platform is accessible through financial advisors and designed to 
provide investors with access to the same investment tools and protections available to 
institutions and high net worth individuals. 
 
 
4 
 
Our investment in Vest allows for enhanced integration of CBOE’s proprietary products, strategy 
indexes and options expertise within Vest’s platform, which substantially reduces the complexity 
of options trading while providing investors with targeted protection, enhanced returns, and a 
level of predictability unattainable with most other investments. Vest also plans to launch Unit 
Investment Trusts (UITs), Mutual Funds and Exchange Traded Products (ETPs). 
I’ll close here by thanking the entire CBOE team.  As a result of their ongoing efforts, we 
significantly expanded our product line and increased index trading throughout 2015, despite 
challenging conditions.  We are obviously pleased with the uptick in trading we saw in January, 
but regardless of the ebb and flow of trading volume, our team remains focused on developing 
new products, expanding our customer base, and forming alliances that complement our core 
strengths.  Maintaining that focus enables CBOE to continue to define and lead the options and 
volatility space globally, an approach that continues to serve our customers and shareholders 
alike.   We are energized by the early year-to-date momentum and by the significant 
opportunities in 2016 to write the next great chapter in CBOE’s ongoing growth story.   With that, 
I will turn it over to Alan Dean. 
Alan Dean, CFO 
Thank you Ed and good morning.  Thanks to everyone for joining us to discuss our fourth 
quarter results. 
This morning, I will walk you through our financial results for the quarter and then provide 
guidance on certain financial metrics for 2016. 
While CBOE Holdings produced strong results for the quarter, we do have a difficult comparison 
against last year's record-setting fourth quarter.  
A brief summary of our results for the quarter are shown on this slide.  Adjusted operating 
revenue was $154.0 million, down 8 percent compared with last year's fourth quarter.  Adjusted 
operating income was $73.9 million, representing an adjusted operating margin of 48.0 percent, 
down 540 basis points versus the fourth quarter of 2014.  Adjusted net income allocated to 
common stockholders was $48.9 million, a 9 percent decrease compared with 2014's fourth 
quarter, while adjusted diluted earnings per share decreased 8 percent to $0.59.  
Before I continue, let me point out that our GAAP results reported for the fourth quarter of 2015 
include certain unusual items that impact the comparison of our operating performance.  These 
items are detailed in our non-GAAP information provided in the press release and in the 
appendix of our slide deck.   
Turning to the details of the quarter.  Adjusted operating revenue decreased by $12.5 million, 
primarily due to a decline in transaction fees resulting from lower trading volume versus the 
fourth quarter of 2014.  Let me also note that adjusted operating revenue excludes $2.0 million, 
included in other revenue that represents the recognition of revenue to adjust for incorrect 
coding of transactions by an exchange participant related to prior periods. 
Transaction fees were down $11.9 million or 10 percent from last year's fourth quarter, due to a 
25 percent decline in trading volume, partly offset by a 20 percent increase in the average 
revenue per contract (or RPC).  
Our blended RPC, including options and futures, was 40.8 cents compared with 34.0 cents in 
the fourth quarter of 2014.  This increase resulted from a shift in the mix of trading volume 
 
5 
 
towards our highest RPC products - index options and VIX futures, as well as an increase in 
RPC across each product category.  
The RPC in our options business increased to 34.9 cents compared with 28.4 cents in last 
year's fourth quarter.  The RPC on equity options and exchange-traded products increased by 
43 percent and 36 percent, respectively, while the RPC on index options rose 4 percent.  The 
RPC increases were primarily due to fee changes made earlier in the year and a decrease in 
volume discounts and incentives.   
On the futures side, CFE's revenue per contract increased 4 percent to $1.69 from $1.62 in the 
fourth quarter of 2014, primarily resulting from a more favorable mix of trades by account type, 
as well as fee changes.       
As this slide depicts, the contribution from our highest-margin index options and futures 
contracts accounted for 40.9 percent of total volume in the fourth quarter versus 35.3 percent in 
2014's fourth quarter.   
Converting the volume into transaction fees, you see that index options and futures contracts 
accounted for 83.1 percent of transaction fees, down slightly from 83.7 percent in the fourth 
quarter of 2014.  For the full year, proprietary products accounted for 82.9 percent of transaction 
fees, up from 81.8 percent in 2014.   
Looking at other variables influencing operating revenue, access fees declined by $1.3 million or 
9 percent compared with last year's fourth quarter, primarily due to a decline in the number of 
market maker permits.  For the full-year 2016, we expect to see a modest decline in access 
fees, which is consistent with my previous comments on this line item.   
On the plus side, exchange services and other fees increased by $2.4 million.  This increase 
mainly resulted from higher fees for systems services and revenue contributed from Livevol 
technology services, which we acquired on August 7th. 
For 2016, we expect exchange services and other fees to increase to around $47 million, which 
tracks the fourth quarter run rate and is primarily due to the addition of Livevol. 
Now turning to expenses. This slide details total adjusted operating expense of $80.1 million for 
the fourth quarter of 2015, up $2.4 million or 3 percent, compared with $77.7 million in the fourth 
quarter of 2014.  Adjusted operating expense excludes $1.9 million of severance expense in the 
fourth quarter of 2014.  There were no non-GAAP adjustments to expenses for the fourth quarter 
of 2015.   
This next slide details core operating expense of $49.7 million for the fourth quarter, an increase 
of $3.2 million or 7 percent, compared with the fourth quarter of 2014.  The increase was 
primarily driven by a $4.4 million increase in professional fees and outside services, offset 
somewhat by a $0.7 million decrease in compensation and benefits.   
As was the case in previous quarters of 2015, the increase in professional fees and outside 
services was primarily attributed to our outsourcing of certain regulatory services to FINRA, 
which occurred in December of 2014.  
The decrease in compensation and benefits primarily reflects lower salaries due to the staffing 
reduction that occurred in 2014 in conjunction with our regulatory services outsourcing.  
 
6 
 
Volume-based expenses, which include royalty fees and order routing, were $18.1 million for the 
quarter, a decrease of $2.1 million or 10 percent, primarily reflecting a $1.5 million decline in 
royalty fees and a $0.6 million decline in order routing.  The decrease in royalty fees was mainly 
due to lower trading volume in licensed products, which includes index options and VIX futures. 
Before I move on to taxes, I want to comment on other income and expenses, which increased 
by $3.5 million on an adjusted basis in the fourth quarter, primarily due to the dividend declared 
by the Options Clearing Corporation (OCC) in December. 
Our adjusted effective tax rate was 36.7 percent for the fourth quarter of 2015, compared with 
39.4 percent in 2014's fourth quarter.  The change in the adjusted effective tax rate primarily 
resulted from the preferential tax treatment on the OCC dividend income we recognized in the 
fourth quarter of 2015.  Our adjusted effective tax rate for the full-year 2015 was 38.0 percent 
compared to 38.2 percent for 2014.   
We expect our effective tax rate for 2016 to be in the range of 38.5 percent and 39.5 percent.  
Additionally, if OCC declares a dividend in the fourth quarter of 2016 comparable to 2015's 
fourth quarter, we would expect our effective tax rate to be lower in the fourth quarter compared 
with the first three quarters of the year, due to the tax treatment relating to the dividend income.    
Let's turn now to a few highlights relating to our balance sheet and capital allocation.  In 2015, 
we generated more than $245 million in cash from operating activities.  For the year, our free 
cash flow was $206 million and we distributed $208 million to shareholders through dividends 
and share repurchases, while also continuing to fund strategic investments and our growth 
initiatives that Ed highlighted.  
For the year, we returned more than $73 million through dividends and more than $135 million 
through share repurchases.  We repurchased over 2 million shares through our share 
repurchase program, at an average price of $61.63, reducing shares outstanding by nearly 3 
percent in 2015.  Since our share repurchase program was implemented in August of 2011, we 
have reduced our shares outstanding by 8 percent. 
At December 31, we had cash and cash equivalents of $102 million and $57 million remaining 
on our share repurchase authorizations.  
Our capital management framework remains unchanged.  We are committed to funding the 
growth of our business, then to return capital to our shareholders through sustainable quarterly 
dividends and share repurchases.  We are confident in our ongoing ability to enhance 
shareholder value. 
Moving to our guidance for 2016, core expenses for the full-year 2015 came in at about $195 
million and in line with our guidance.  You might recall, we started 2015 at a range of $195 to 
$199 million and pulled back on expenses in response to lackluster volume we experienced 
earlier in the year. 
For 2016, we expect core expenses to be in a range of $211 to $215 million, representing an 
increase of 8 to 10 percent versus 2015 and an increase of 6 to 8 percent compared to the high 
end of our original 2015 guidance.  The increase in 2016 primarily reflects higher expenses for 
outside services, largely related to our regulatory services agreement, and higher expenses 
related to the addition of Livevol.  However, both of these items also contribute revenue that is 
expected to offset the incremental expenses.  Excluding the expense increases relating to these 
 
7 
 
particular items, our core expenses would be up by 4 to 6 percent compared to 2015, which is in 
line with our baseline objective.  We expect regulatory revenue to increase by about $3 million, 
reflecting the higher expenses we plan to incur to carry out our obligations as a regulator, and 
we expect exchange services and other fees to increase by about $5 million, primarily due to 
Livevol.         
We also plan to increase spending to support our business development and marketing efforts. 
Moving on, capital spending in 2016 is expected to be between $47 to $49 million, up somewhat 
compared with the $39 million we spent in 2015 as we continue the development of our new 
trading platform, CBOE Vector.  As we stated previously, this project is being done in three 
phases.  Phase one is the build out of new systems for CFE, which is on track to be up and 
running in the third quarter of 2016, with CBOE and C2 to follow. 
Depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be between $46 to $48 million, compared 
with $46 million in 2015.  The year-over-year projected change reflects additions to capital and 
lower depreciation expense relating to certain regulatory software that will be fully-depreciated at 
June 30, 2016, which corresponds with a planned transfer to FINRA systems.  Following this 
systems transition to FINRA, certain expenses are expected to shift from depreciation and 
amortization to outside services, accounting for part of the increase in outside services I 
mentioned in discussing core expenses.  
We are off to a strong start in 2016 and are excited about the opportunities we see ahead as we 
continue to focus on the strategic initiatives that Ed outlined, while also effectively managing 
expenses and deploying capital. 
Thank you for your interest in CBOE.  I will now turn it back to Debbie so we can take your 
questions.
 
This presentation may contain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are those statements that reflect our expectations, assumptions 
or projections about the future and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These statements are only 
predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that 
could cause actual results to differ materially from that expressed or implied by the forward -looking statements, 
including: the loss of our right to exclusively list and trade certain index options and futures products; increasing 
price competition in our industry; compliance with legal and regulatory obligations and obligations under 
agreements with regulatory agencies; decreases in the amount of trading volumes or a shift in the mix of products 
traded on our exchanges; the accuracy of our estimates and expectations; legislative or regulatory changes, 
including heightened capital requirements for some of our customers; increasing competition by foreign and 
domestic entities; our ability to operate our business without violating the intellectual property ri ghts of others and 
the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights; our ability to accommodate trading volume and 
order transaction traffic without failure or degradation of performance of our systems; our ability to protect our 
systems and communication networks from security risks, including cyber-attacks; economic, political and market 
conditions; our ability to maintain access fee revenues; our ability to meet our compliance obligations; our ability to 
attract and retain skilled management and other personnel; our ability to maintain our growth effectively; our 
dependence on third party service providers; and the ability of our compliance and risk management methods to 
effectively monitor and manage our risks. 
 
More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, 
including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and other filings made from 
time to time with the SEC. 