1 
 
Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call - Prepared Remarks 
October 29, 2021 
Slide 1: Title 
Operator: Good morning everyone, and welcome to Cboe Global Markets' third quarter 2021 earnings 
conference call. 
At this time, for opening introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ken Hill, Vice President of Investor 
Relations. 
Slide 2: Agenda- Ken Hill 
Good morning and thank you for joining us for our third quarter earnings conference call.  On the call today, Ed 
Tilly, our Chairman, President and CEO, will discuss our performance for the quarter and provide an update on 
our strategic initiatives.  Then, Brian Schell, our Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer, will provide an 
overview of our financial results for the quarter as well as an update on our 2021 financial outlook.  Following 
their comments, we will open the call to Q&A.  Also joining us for Q&A will be Chris Isaacson, our Chief 
Operating Officer and John Deters, our Chief Strategy Officer.  
I would like to point out that this presentation will include the use of slides.  We will be showing the slides and 
providing commentary on each.  A downloadable copy of the slide presentation is available on the Investor 
Relations portion of our website. 
Slide 3: Forward-Looking Statements 
During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, which represent our current judgment on 
what the future may hold, and while we believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties.  
Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking 
statements.  Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a full discussion of the factors that may affect any 
forward-looking statements.   
We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise, after this conference call.   
During the call this morning, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our 
earnings materials.  Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Ed. 
 
2 
 
Slide 4: Ed Tilly, CEO 
Thank you, Ken. We’re happy to have you on board as Debbie Koopman prepares for retirement next 
month. 
Good morning and thank you for joining us today. As we head into year-end, I hope that you are doing 
well and remaining safe and healthy. 
Slide 5: Solid Financial Results, With Revenue Growth Across All Business Segments 
I am pleased to report on solid financial results for the third quarter of 2021 at Cboe Global Markets.  
For the quarter, we reported revenue growth across each of our business segments, reflecting strong 
year-over-year increases in both transaction and recurring non-transaction revenues, with net 
revenue up 27% and adjusted EPS up 31%. 
Our solid third-quarter results were driven by higher volumes in our index options and volatility 
products, increased demand for our suite of data and access solutions, and growth in trading volumes 
across nearly all our segments. In our proprietary products, ADV increased by 29% in VIX futures, 
32% in VIX options and 39% in SPX options. We also continued to see strong growth in multi-listed 
options trading with ADV up 20% year-over-year in the third quarter. 
During the quarter, we also delivered on several strategic milestones to expand our global network, 
including the successful launch of our European Derivatives platform, as well as the closing of our 
acquisition of Chi-X Asia Pacific. I’ll touch on both in a moment, but first I want to discuss our plans to 
enter the digital asset market through the planned acquisition of ErisX, which we announced last 
week. ErisX will provide Cboe with spot trading, data, derivatives, and clearing capabilities for digital 
assets through its regulated futures exchange and clearing house.    
Slide 6: Cboe Plans to Enter the Digital Asset Market Through Acquisition of ErisX 
The last two weeks have been a watershed moment for the digital asset industry with the launch of 
trading in the first bitcoin ETF in the U.S. equities market. As the appetite for ownership in digital 
assets continues to grow, we believe Cboe can play a guiding role in shaping the trajectory of this 
revolutionary market. Today, we are at a critical inflection point – we’re seeing strong retail demand, 
institutional interest, market growth and the mainstreaming of digital assets even with traditional 
financial firms. As a leading provider of global market infrastructure and tradable products, we can 
3 
 
bring the knowledge, structure and transparency of our trusted markets to the digital asset space. The 
demand and excitement for digital assets is driven by the unique market structure and freedom it 
affords, and we want to maintain that innovative spirit while providing the regulatory framework and 
structure that many market participants desire.  
We have secured support from a tremendous group of industry leaders who are aligned with our 
vision and want to shape and define this asset class now, and for the future. These industry leaders 
bring different perspectives and expertise, from retail brokers, crypto-leading firms, global liquidity 
providers, and sell-side banks. They are expected to form a Digital Advisory Committee tasked with 
advising us on the ongoing development of our digital asset business, Cboe Digital. These industry 
leaders include DRW, Fidelity Digital Assets, Galaxy Digital, Interactive Brokers, NYDIG, Paxos, 
Robinhood, Virtu Financial and Webull. Additionally, certain members of the Digital Advisory 
Committee intend to acquire minority ownership interests in Cboe Digital. 
I am confident that together with ErisX CEO Tom Chippas and his team and our incredible partner 
group, we can not only meet the growing demand for institutional and retail trading solutions, but also 
push the boundaries of digital asset innovation and unlock its next phase of growth. 
Slide 7: Strategic Momentum - Investing in Long-Term Growth 
I’m extremely pleased with the progress we made during the third quarter executing on the four key 
incremental growth drivers I outlined at the beginning of this year – the opportunity to grow recurring 
non-transaction revenue, the launch of Cboe Europe Derivatives, our expansion plans for BIDS 
Trading, and extending access to our products and services across geographies and market 
participants. 
We saw positive momentum in our Data and Access Solutions again this quarter, fueling a 21% 
increase in our recurring non-transaction revenue. This growth was driven by continued demand for 
access to our exchanges, proprietary market data and new subscribers to Cboe’s front-end platforms, 
including Silexx and TradeAlert.  
We continue to optimize the efficiency and delivery of our data and access solutions to market 
participants and are excited to launch Cboe Global Cloud, a new real-time, cloud-based market data 
streaming service in collaboration with Amazon Web Services, on November 1.  Cboe Global Cloud is 
expected to help further extend Cboe’s data to new users and geographies – an important step 
towards broadening investor access to our proprietary content and market data globally. 
4 
 
Turning now to Europe where we successfully launched our European Derivatives market on 
September 6th. We are very pleased with the initial progress with trading and clearing running 
smoothly as we slowly build volume. Over the coming months we plan to introduce additional 
products and onboard new participants.  Bringing the first truly pan-European, transparent and lit 
derivatives market to Europe is a remarkable achievement and we are enthusiastic about the 
opportunities ahead. 
Additionally, our European equities business delivered strong results in the third quarter with average 
daily notional value traded up 29%. Cboe LIS, powered by BIDS, continued to see positive 
momentum and, for the first time in its history became the largest block trading platform in Europe for 
the month of August. BIDS has established itself as the premier block trading destination in the U.S. 
and Europe and we are excited about our plans to expand the BIDS network to Canada early next 
year, and then the Asia Pacific region, to serve an even broader base of customers.  
Turning to Asia-Pacific, we’ve made good progress integrating the Chi-X teams since we closed the 
acquisition at the beginning of July.  We plan to migrate Chi-X to Cboe technology and are busy 
working through the integration plan and timeline.  
With our expanded footprint in the Asia-Pacific region, we see a significant opportunity to further 
develop our ecosystem of market infrastructure and tradable products into one of the world's largest 
global derivatives and securities networks.  
Beginning November 21st, we plan to take an important step towards broadening our network and 
access to our proprietary products through the launch of extended global trading hours for VIX and 
SPX options, as part of our 24-by-5 initiative. The lengthened global trading hours complement our 
entry into Asia Pacific and are designed to help meet growing investor demand for the ability to 
manage risk more efficiently and adjust SPX and VIX options positions around the clock.   
We are also pleased to announce that Webull, a leading retail broker platform with a growing global 
presence, began offering our proprietary products – VIX and SPX options – on their platform this 
month. 
We’ve continued to see strong demand for SPX options from both institutional and retail broker 
platforms and are eager to expand access to this product suite. Similar to last quarter, we saw solid 
growth in SPX options trading on retail broker platforms with ADV on those platforms up 24% from 
the second quarter, hitting a new all-time high.  
5 
 
Key to our global network expansion are strong partnerships, and, to that end, we were thrilled to 
expand our relationship with MSCI and extend the licensing agreement that allows Cboe to offer 
options trading on MSCI global indices through 2031. We have valued our strong relationship with 
MSCI for many years and we look forward to further collaboration in the years ahead, particularly in 
the important area of ESG investing. 
Slide 8: Launch of Nanos by Cboe 
As the retail market continues to grow, we remain committed to investing in education and product 
development to meet their unique needs.  To that end, earlier this week we announced plans to 
launch Nanos – a first of its kind options contract designed to make trading more accessible for the 
retail trader. 
Increased retail participation has fueled record trading across the industry.  Between the top four 
retail broker platforms there are now more than 150 million retail brokerage accounts, and many of 
these accounts are too small to take advantage of the potential benefits certain options contracts can 
offer. 
We plan to launch our first nanos product on the S&P 500 index in first-quarter 2022.  At a fraction of 
the size of a standard options contract, the one-multiplier, cash-settled nano-S&P 500  answers the 
growing demand for a simpler, more cost-effective way to gain broad exposure to the US equity 
market.  
The S&P 500 options market is one of the most highly traded and liquid options markets across the 
globe. Through our Nanos S&P 500 product, we are broadening access to a greater universe of 
traders who can enjoy the potential benefits options provide including hedging, asset allocation, and 
income generation strategies.  
To complement the launch of Nanos, the Cboe Options Institute plans to offer a new options 
introductory curriculum tailored to retail traders. Through our long-standing commitment to education, 
we are continuously evolving our programs to offer more retail-centric content 
through the Options Institute, and we look forward to welcoming a new generation of traders to 
options trading with the launch of Nanos. 
Slide 9: Expanding Cboe’s Ecosystem of Market Infrastructure and Tradable Products 
6 
 
As we broaden our global footprint by entering new markets and launching new products and 
services, we further our goal of expanding access to a broader base of customers – both institutional 
and retail. By leveraging our technological expertise, customer relationships, and capital markets 
capabilities, we plan to continue to unlock additional revenue opportunities across our businesses.  
We head into the final months of the year on stronger footing than ever, and we look forward to 
continuing to execute on our growth opportunities ahead. 
With that, I’ll turn it over to Brian. 
Slide 10: Brian Schell Title Slide 
Thanks Ed, and good morning everyone.  Let me remind everyone that unless specifically noted, my 
comments relate to 3Q21 as compared to 3Q20 and are based on our non-GAAP adjusted results.  
Slide 11: 3Q Financial Summary 
As Ed just indicated, the third quarter was incredibly strong for Cboe with robust results from both a  
transaction and non-transaction basis. Overall adjusted earnings increased 31% versus the third quarter of 
2020 and improved off solid second quarter 2021 metrics. As we move forward, we look for the cash, 
derivatives and data portions of our business to work in unison to enhance revenue opportunities and 
shareholder value. Now a quick look at the third quarter:  
 Our net revenue increased 27%, setting a new quarterly record; net transaction fees were up 39% and 
recurring non-transaction revenue was up 21%; 
 Adjusted operating expenses increased 29%; 
 Adjusted EBITDA of $240 million was up 25%; 
 And finally, our adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.45, up 31% compared to last year’s 
quarterly results.  
Slide 12: 3Q21 Net Revenue by Segment and Key Drivers 
Turning to the key drivers by segment. Our press release and the appendix of our slide deck includes 
information detailing the key metrics for each of our business segments, so I’ll just provide summary thoughts: 
 While we saw year-over-year growth in all of our segments, our options segment produced above 
average growth for the quarter of 30%, driven by higher trading volumes and revenue per contract 
(RPC) in both our proprietary and multi-listed options: 
7 
 
­ Total options ADV was up 23% as we saw double digit increases in both index and multi-listed 
options,   
­ Revenue per contract (RPC) also moved higher by 16% given positive mix shift to index 
products and a strong increase in our multi-listed options RPC, up 23%, and   
­ We continued to benefit from double-digit growth in recurring non-transaction revenue, 
particularly access and capacity fees. 
 North American equities revenue increased 13% year-over-year as acquisition-related net-transaction 
and clearing fees were further helped by strong proprietary market data fees and access and capacity 
fees. This was offset somewhat by a 1% year-over-year decline in U.S. equity ADV and a 1% year-
over-year decline in market share for the quarter. While market share trends have been impacted by 
aggressive pricing trends from some competitors, we remain focused on optimizing long-term profit in 
the business through the many initiatives we have introduced, or plan to introduce, to the market. For 
the quarter, MATCHNow and BIDS contributed $8.5 million in net revenue. Lastly, recurring non-
transaction revenue increased by more than $5 million or 17%, with organic growth of 14%.    
 Third quarter revenue increased in Futures by 24% on the back of a 30% increase in ADV and a 6% 
increase in capture. Looking forward, we were pleased to see the SEC recently approve filings to list 
and trade shares of two new Volatility Shares’ products: an inverse and a long VIX Futures ETF. These 
new listings are likely to increase the VIX trading ecosystem as the AUM builds on those products.  
 The revenue increase in Europe and APAC primarily reflects the addition of Chi-X Asia Pacific in July 
2021, an $8.2 million contribution, as well as growth in European equities and clearing. Underlying 
trends remained strong in the third quarter as Industry average daily notional value traded, market 
share on Cboe European Equities, and net capture all moved higher on a year-over-year basis.  
 And finally, revenues in the FX segment increased 8% as compared to the third quarter of 2020 as 
trading volumes and net capture moved higher. During the quarter Global FX market share hit a new 
all-time high of 17 percent. 
Slide 13: Grew Recurring Non-Transaction Revenue 21% YoY 
Cboe’s recurring non-transaction revenue growth remained elevated in the third quarter with YoY organic 
growth reaching 14%.  Again, this strong growth was largely a product of additional subscriptions and units as 
opposed to price increases. More specifically we saw: 
 Both physical and logical port usage remained robust in our equities and options businesses driven by 
increased demand for trading capacity.  
 And on the market data side, the equities top-of-book and depth of book products continue to perform 
well.  
8 
 
We are increasing our organic growth outlook by 1 to 2 percentage points to approximately 14%. Our total 
recurring non-transaction revenue growth is now expected to reach approximately 18% for 2021, up 2 to 3 
percentage points vs. our prior expectation. Overall, we are very pleased with the continued traction in this 
business as it an important element of Cboe’s ecosystem of products.  
Slide 14: 3Q21 Adjusted Operating Expenses Up 29%, Primarily Driven by Acquisitions  
Turning to expenses, total adjusted operating expenses were approximately $140 million for the quarter, up 
29% compared to last year.  Excluding the impact of acquisitions owned less than a year, adjusted operating 
expenses were up 17% or $19 million for the quarter.  Most of the expense variance related to the acquisitions 
was compensation and benefits. 
Slide 15: Adjusted Operating Expense Bridge 2020 to 2021  
Expense Guidance 
Moving to our expense guidance, we are tightening and raising our expense guidance range for the full year to 
$536 to $541 million from $531 to $539 million. The $4 million increase in the midpoint reflects higher incentive 
compensation costs reflecting the strong year-to-date operating results we have posted, as well as our plans 
for increased hiring during the fourth quarter, and a slight uptick in our depreciation and amortization forecast. 
As a firm, we believe in a pay-for-performance culture and not only has our year-to-date financial performance 
been strong, we have made significant progress against our longer term growth priorities, especially towards 
increasing access to Cboe products and services – as Ed noted previously.  
As you recall from our February earnings meeting, we laid out a path for revenue growth that would be 
preceded by higher-than-normal expense growth that would slightly compress margins in the short-term to 
enable longer term growth.  We remain focused on investing in key initiatives with attractive returns and we 
look forward to meeting the current and future market demand by prudently investing organically and 
inorganically to meet those needs, even if it requires upfront spend. 
Slide 16: Updated Guidance Reflects Higher Growth Rate in Non-Transaction Revenue and Projected 
Performance-based Compensation 
Now turning to a summary of full-year guidance on the next slide, we are raising our guidance for depreciation 
and amortization to $38 to $42 million from $34 to $38 million due to the earlier timing of various projects.  Our 
cap-ex guidance range moves $8 million lower to $47 to $52 million, and we are reaffirming the higher end of 
our guided tax rate range of 27.5% to 29.5%, for the full year under the current tax laws.   
Interest Expense 
9 
 
Our interest expense for the third quarter of 2021 was $11.7 million. We expect our fourth quarter interest 
expense to hold steady in the $11.5 - $12.0 million range.  
Slide 17: Focused on Efficient Allocation of Capital to Create 
Long-Term Shareholder Value 
In addition to the investment priorities we outlined earlier in the call, we remain committed to returning excess 
cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. From a capital return perspective, our strong 
cash flow generation enabled us to raise our quarterly dividend for the 11th straight year, growing 14% on a 
year-over-year basis. In total, we returned $52 million to shareholders through dividends in the third quarter.  
Our leverage ratio decreased slightly versus the prior quarter to 1.4x at September 30 as our debt levels 
remained steady on a sequential basis. Overall, our balance sheet remains unencumbered as we look to put 
incremental capital to use in value enhancing ways for shareholders. Our adjusted cash and financial 
investments balance is elevated reflecting the planned use of cash to fund a portion of the planned 
transactions we recently announced as well as a slightly higher requirement for regulatory capital purposes. 
Slide 18: Well Positioned to Continue Growth in 2021 and Beyond 
In summary, Cboe delivered a very strong third quarter and we are even more enthusiastic about the number 
of high-quality growth initiatives we are bringing into our ecosystem: 
 solutions that extend access to global markets for our customers,  
 grow our geographic footprint and breadth of asset classes, and  
 diversify our revenue base.  
We look for these planned additions to fuel continued growth across the Cboe ecosystem.   
Now I’d like to turn it back over to Ed for some closing comments before we open it up to Q&A.  
Slide 19: ESG Overview 
Closing Remarks: 
Thanks, Brian. Before we move to Q&A, I also want to provide a further update on our ESG initiatives 
during the quarter. Earlier this month, Cboe was proud to be named a founding member of the 
derivatives partner exchanges network of the United Nations Sustainable Stock Exchanges initiative. 
We look forward to sharing ideas and engaging this network on important dialogue on how derivative 
exchanges can support greater sustainability, in addition to advancing partnerships with index leaders 
in this important space. 
10 
 
As you can see, we have been extremely busy and I thank the entire Cboe team for their hard work 
delivering outstanding results. We look forward to hosting our Investor Day on November 16th where 
we will dive further into our business providing more color on these initiatives and how they are 
helping drive our strategy. We hope that you can join us, details for accessing the event are on our IR 
website. 
Finally, I’d once again like to thank Debbie Koopman for her service and wish her all the best as she 
heads into retirement next month. She’ll be with us through Investor Day so it’s not quite farewell yet, 
but this is her finale for quarterly earnings. She will be dearly missed by me and the entire Cboe 
team. 
I’ll now pass it back to Ken for instructions on the Q&A portion of the call. 
 
 
Slide 20:  Q&A 
Ken Hill 
At this point, we would be happy to take questions.  We ask that you please limit your questions to one per 
person to allow time to get to everyone.  Feel free to get back in the queue and if time permits, we'll take a 
second question.  
 
 
Closing:  That completes our call this morning.  We appreciate your time and continued interest in our 
company. 
Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Information and Trademarks: 
This presentation contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act 
of 1995 that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such 
as “may,” “might,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential” or “continue,” and the 
negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. All statements that reflect our expectations, assumptions or 
projections about the future other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements, which are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, may include 
projections of our future financial performance based on our growth strategies and anticipated trends in our business. 
These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. There are 
important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
11 
 
We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to 
time, and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our 
business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from 
those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include: the impact of the novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic, 
including changes to trading behavior broadly in the market; the loss of our right to exclusively list and trade certain index 
options and futures products; economic, political and market conditions; compliance with legal and regulatory obligations; 
price competition and consolidation in our industry; decreases in trading and clearing volumes, market data fees or a shift 
in the mix of products traded on our exchanges; legislative or regulatory changes or change in tax regimes; our ability to 
protect our systems and communication networks from security risks, cybersecurity risks, insider threats and unauthorized 
disclosure of confidential information; increasing competition by foreign and domestic entities; our dependence on and 
exposure to risk from third parties; fluctuations to currency exchange rates; factors that impact the quality and integrity of 
our indices; our ability to operate our business without violating the intellectual property rights of others and the costs 
associated with protecting our intellectual property rights; our ability to attract and retain skilled management and other 
personnel; our ability to minimize the risks, including our credit and default risks, associated with operating a European 
clearinghouse; our ability to accommodate trading and clearing volume and transaction traffic, including significant 
increases, without failure or degradation of performance of our systems; misconduct by those who use our markets or our 
products or for whom we clear transactions; challenges to our use of open source software code; our ability to meet our 
compliance obligations, including managing potential conflicts between our regulatory responsibilities and our for-profit 
status; our ability to maintain BIDS Trading as an independently managed and operated trading venue, separate from and 
not integrated with our registered national securities exchanges; damage to our reputation; the ability of our compliance 
and risk management methods to effectively monitor and manage our risks; our ability to manage our growth and strategic 
acquisitions or alliances effectively; restrictions imposed by our debt obligations and our ability to make payments on or 
refinance our debt obligations; our ability to maintain an investment grade credit rating; impairment of our goodwill, long-
lived assets, investments or intangible assets; and the accuracy of our estimates and expectations. More detailed 
information about factors that may affect our actual results to differ may be found in our filings with the SEC, including in 
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and other filings made from time to time with the 
SEC. 
We do not undertake, and we expressly disclaim, any duty to update any forward-looking statement whether as a result of 
new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance 
on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.  
This presentation includes market share, financials and industry data that we obtained from industry publications and 
surveys, reports of governmental agencies, third-parties and internal company surveys. Industry publications and surveys 
generally state that the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but we cannot 
assure you that this information is accurate or complete. We have not independently verified any of the data and financials 
from third-party sources nor have we ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. Statements 
as to our market position are based on the most currently available market data. While we are not aware of any 
misstatements regarding industry data and financials presented herein, our estimates involve risks and uncertainties and 
are subject to change based on various factors.  
Trademarks:   Cboe®, Cboe Global Markets®, Cboe Volatility Index®, Bats®, BIDS Trading®, BZX®, BYX®, EDGX®, 
EDGA®, EuroCCP®, MATCHNow®, and VIX® are registered trademarks of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners. 
 