1 
 
Cboe Global Markets, Inc.  
Fourth Quarter 2025 Earnings Call 
February 6, 2026 
 
Good morning and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter earnings conference call. On the call today, 
Craig Donohue, our CEO, will discuss our performance for the quarter and provide an update on our strategic 
initiatives. Jill Griebenow, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide an overview of our financial results for 
the quarter as well as discuss our 2026 financial outlook. Following their comments, we will open the call to 
Q&A. Also joining us for Q&A will be Chris Isaacson, our Chief Operating Officer; Prashant Bhatia, our Head of 
Enterprise Strategy & Corporate Development; and Rob Hocking, our Global Head of Derivatives. 
 
I would like to point out that this presentation will include the use of slides. We will be showing the slides and 
providing commentary on each. A downloadable copy of the slide presentation is available on the Investor 
Relations portion of our website. 
 
Slide 3: Forward-Looking Statements 
During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, which represent our current judgment on 
what the future may hold, and while we believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties.  
Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking 
statements. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a full discussion of the factors that may affect any 
forward-looking statements.  
 
We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise, after this conference call. 
 
During the call this morning, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our 
earnings materials. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Craig. 
 
Opening Remarks 
Good morning and thank you for joining us to review our fourth-quarter and full-year results. Cboe delivered 
record net revenue and adjusted earnings for the quarter and year, powered by continued strength across our 
core businesses. These results demonstrate how our products continue to resonate with a diverse group of 
users across regions and asset classes. 
 
We remain focused on extending this momentum as we execute on the strategic direction we laid out on our 
last earnings call – reducing our focus in certain areas while we redirect our time, talent, and capital to our core 
businesses and emerging opportunities. 
 
Slide 5: Record Net Revenue in Fourth Quarter 
During the fourth quarter, Cboe grew net revenue 28% year-over-year to a record $671 million and adjusted 
diluted EPS increased a robust 46% to a record $3.06. For the full year, Cboe delivered record net revenue of 
$2.4 billion, up 17% year-over-year, generating adjusted diluted EPS growth of 24% to $10.67 per share.  
 
The exceptional results in the fourth quarter were underpinned by double-digit net revenue growth in every 
segment and record results in each category at Cboe, specifically:  
• Strong volumes in both our multi-list and proprietary index option products drove the strength in the 
Derivatives category,  
• Solid new sales growth led to gains in our Cboe Data Vantage business, and 
• Robust industry volumes propelled our Cash and Spot Markets higher.  
 
While 2025 was an impressive year, we remain focused on sustaining and amplifying our momentum by 
leveraging the strong secular trends across our core businesses. 
 
2 
 
 
Slide 7 and 8: Derivatives: Aligned with Cyclical and Secular Trends 
Taking a closer look at the fourth quarter trends by category –  
 
Our Derivatives franchise delivered a record fourth quarter with net revenue increasing 38% year-over-year to 
cap a record year in which revenue grew 22%. In our multi-list options business, net transaction and clearing 
fees revenue was up a strong 41% given higher industry volumes and positive pricing trends. The multi-list 
options space remains an area where we believe Cboe has a right to win, and we’ll continue to enhance our 
position within the industry to drive greater results over time.  
 
We’re encouraged by the recent innovation in the space, underscored by the launch of Monday and 
Wednesday expirations for select multi-list names. While we are focused on educating market participants on 
the unique risks associated with single-stock 0DTE trading, we believe these additions ultimately expand the 
toolkit available to investors. This development complements our index options franchise by elevating 
awareness of the utility 0DTE strategies provide while allowing us to reinforce the advantages of index options, 
namely the larger notional size, diversified risk profile, and daily cash-settled structure as compared to single-
stock options.  
 
More broadly on the index options side, net transaction and clearing fees revenue was up a strong 40% as our 
proprietary SPX options complex set new records, powered by robust growth in 0DTE options trading. SPX 
0DTE ADV was up an impressive 66% year-over-year, while overall SPX ADV increased 39% to a record 4.3M 
contracts. 0DTE options made up over 61% of SPX volumes, up from a 51% share a year ago. We saw a 
similar dynamic in mini-SPX options, where 0DTE ADV was up 135% as compared to the fourth quarter of 
2024, making up just over half of the mini-SPX volume to end the year.  
 
In our proprietary options business, it’s worth noting that the ten highest average daily volume months occurred 
in 2025 and 2026. In fact, nine of the ten highest SPX days on record occurred in the fourth quarter of 2025 or 
first quarter of 2026, pointing to the healthy momentum in the franchise today.  
 
We also saw growth in our VIX products. Volume in both VIX futures and VIX options gained 15% last quarter 
amidst increased market uncertainty, with two notable spikes in volatility generating robust trading 
opportunities.  For the third year in a row, VIX options set a new record in trading volume, averaging 862k 
contracts a day in 2025. 
 
As concerns rise over the concentration risk in US equity markets, we’re seeing renewed interest in small-cap 
stocks for those looking to diversify their equity exposure away from large-cap Tech. Volume in our Russell 
2000 index options jumped 20% last quarter to reach their highest level in almost 10 years. We’re excited to 
add Russell 2000 index options to our global trading hours (GTH) session starting this month, giving investors 
the opportunity to trade small cap stocks around the clock. This also capitalizes on the strong demand we have 
seen from international investors to access US markets, with total volume in our GTH session up 34% last 
quarter.  
 
Looking ahead, we remain bullish on the outlook for our core Derivatives franchise anchored around strong 
retail demand, continued international growth, and further product innovation. Beyond these secular drivers, 
rising geopolitical tensions and increasing economic uncertainty should remain a tailwind for our products as 
investors turn to options to help better manage risk and generate income. 
 
Slide 9: Cash and Spot: Solid Performance Across Products and Platforms 
Moving to cash and spot markets, net revenue was up a strong 27% as we saw solid growth in our cash 
equities business in Europe and North America as well as in our global FX business.  
 
Led by another quarter of strength in our European transaction businesses, the Europe and Asia Pacific 
segment delivered a 24% year-over-year increase in net revenue. This was driven by a 33% year-over-year 
growth in net transaction and clearing fees given strong industry volumes, stable market share trends, and 
3 
 
improved net capture dynamics. Higher non-transaction revenues in the segment also contributed to the 
growth, with revenue up 15% year-over-year.  
 
North American equities made a solid contribution with net transaction and clearing fees revenues up 18% 
given strong equity volumes in each of our markets. Non-transaction fees were also up double-digits as our 
entire cash equity ecosystem benefited from the more active trading environment.  
 
Rounding out cash and spot markets, global FX made another notable contribution, increasing net revenue 
22% year-over-year in Q4. The fourth quarter results continue FX’s long track record of revenue growth and 
caps an impressive 17% net revenue growth rate for 2025.  
 
Beyond the macro backdrop lifting activity across our cash and spot markets businesses, we are unlocking 
incremental revenue opportunities through our securities financing transactions (SFT) clearing service in 
Europe. Launched in response to strong client demand, this service has leveraged Cboe Clear Europe’s pan-
European footprint to introduce central clearing to a securities lending market that has traditionally operated on 
a bilateral basis. This market plays a key role in enabling asset owners to earn additional income by lending 
out their portfolios, enhancing returns for beneficial owners. By bringing clearing to this market, our service can 
provide participants with meaningful capital and risk efficiencies. The first trades were executed in March 2025, 
and we have seen hundreds of new contracts across 15 active European settlement locations cleared every 
day between borrowers and lenders, with notional outstanding loan values exceeding 1 billion Euros in January 
2026.  
 
Slide 10: Cboe Data Vantage: Driving Durable Growth 
Turning now to Data Vantage, net revenue increased by 9% on a year-over-year basis, reflecting continued 
momentum across our platform in the fourth quarter. Notably, roughly 90% of the growth across our market 
data and access businesses was again driven by new units and new sales as opposed to pricing. This growth 
was underpinned by strong demand for access to our markets, a durable and growing international 
contribution, and favorable trends in our newer product offerings. 
 
If we look more broadly at the full year results, net revenues increased 10% across the Data Vantage platform. 
Importantly, we saw each component of our Data Vantage business – market data and access, indices, and 
risk and market analytics – all trend higher on a year-over-year basis.  
 
Now I’ll turn the call over to Jill to walk through the details of our financials and 2026 guidance. 
 
Slide 12: 4Q25 Financial Summary 
Thanks, Craig. Cboe posted another record quarter, with adjusted diluted earnings per share up 46% on a 
year-over-year basis to a record $3.06. I will provide some high-level takeaways from this quarter’s operating 
results before going through the segment results. 
 
Net revenue increased 28% versus the fourth quarter of 2024 to finish at a record $671 million. We saw 
healthy growth in all categories with the strongest growth coming from our Derivatives business. Specifically: 
• Derivatives Markets net revenues grew 38%, 
• Cash and Spot Markets net revenues grew 27%, 
• And Data Vantage net revenues grew 9%.  
 
Adjusted operating expenses of $221 million were up 8% on a year-over-year basis. Adjusted operating 
EBITDA of $465 million grew 40% and adjusted operating EBITDA margin expanded by 6.1 percentage points 
to 69.2% – a result of both our robust revenue results and disciplined expense management. The fourth 
quarter results capped a remarkable year at Cboe where annual net revenue grew 17% to $2.4 billion and 
adjusted earnings per share of $10.67 was up 24%, both setting new annual records. 
 
 
 
4 
 
 
Slide 13: 4Q25 Net Revenue by Segment and Key Drivers 
Turning to the key drivers of the quarter by segment. Our press release and the appendix of our slide deck 
include information detailing the key metrics for our business segments, so I’ll provide some highlights for 
each: 
• The Options segment delivered another quarter of record net revenue, increasing 34% year-over-year. 
The growth was driven by a 40% increase in net transaction and clearing fees in the fourth quarter.  
o Total options ADV was up 24%, with a 35% increase in index options volume and a 20% 
increase in multi-listed options volume.  
o The rate per contract for our options business also increased 13% on a year-over-year basis 
given a positive contribution from both our index and multi-list products.  
• North American Equities net revenue rose 17% versus the fourth quarter of 2024, with strong industry 
volumes driving an 18% increase in net transaction and clearing fees. On the non-transaction side, 
market data fees grew 12% and access and capacity fees increased 10%.  
• Europe and APAC produced 24% year-over-year net revenue growth. Net transaction and clearing fees 
were up 33% while non-transaction revenues were up a combined 15%. 
• Futures net revenue increased 12% from the fourth quarter of 2024. The increase was primarily due to 
a 16% uptick in total ADV, given a resurgence of VIX activity during the quarter. 
• And finally, Global FX net revenue was up 22% on a year-over-year basis, driven by a 17% increase in 
average daily notional value and an 8% increase in net capture. 
 
Slide 14: Data Vantage Grew Net Revenue 9% in 4Q25 
Looking at our Cboe Data Vantage business, net revenues were up 9% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. 
Revenue growth was again underpinned by healthy new subscription and unit sales, representing 
approximately 90% of this quarter’s growth, with the remainder coming from pricing changes. We remain 
encouraged by the success our newer product offerings are having, including dedicated cores, time stamping 
services, and 1-min open/close data. Regionally, we saw incremental growth in index and market data sales 
fueled by new brokers coming online in the Asia Pacific region. Overall, we remain pleased with the multiple 
avenues of durable growth in our Data Vantage business. 
 
Slide 15: 4Q25 Adjusted Operating Expenses 
Turning to expenses, total adjusted operating expenses were $221 million for the quarter, up 8% on a year-
over-year basis. This increase is reflective of higher compensation and benefits expense, which primarily 
resulted from our strong 2025 revenue growth increasing our short-term incentive compensation. 
 
Slide 16: 2026 Guidance 
Before detailing our 2026 guidance, I would like to provide a brief progress update on our strategic realignment 
over the past quarter and explain how these actions are reflected in our 2026 expectations.  
• During the fourth quarter, we commenced the sales process for our Cboe Australia and Cboe Canada 
businesses. We have seen strong initial interest from potential buyers, and we will continue working 
towards an outcome that delivers a positive solution for all parties.  
• Although we have initiated sales processes for Cboe Canada and Cboe Australia, we continue to 
operate those units as ‘business-as-usual,’ and the revenue and expense contribution of each is 
included in our 2026 guidance. We plan to provide updates as milestones are met in the sales process 
and detail any subsequent financial impacts.  
• We have also ceased operations on our corporate listings businesses while driving efficiency in our 
growing U.S. ETP Listings business and European ETP Listings business, as well as several of our 
smaller Risk and Market Analytics businesses. Our 2026 guidance fully incorporates the anticipated 
revenue and expense impacts from these actions. 
• And finally, last year we made the decision to explore ways to reduce our cost footprint for Cboe 
Europe Derivatives Exchange (referred to as CEDX). As we further assessed the business, it became 
5 
 
clear that CEDX was unlikely to meet targeted revenue and profitability metrics given the retail investing 
landscape and market structure in Europe, and in January 2026 we made the decision to close CEDX.  
• Our 2026 guidance includes the impact of our decision to wind down CEDX. The financial impact of the 
CEDX wind-down is expected to be largely realized in 2026 and does not change the overall estimated 
revenue and expense impact ranges communicated on our October 31st earnings call related to our 
strategic realignment decisions.  
 
For full year 2026, we are introducing the following guidance: 
• We anticipate our Data Vantage organic net revenue growth to be in the ‘mid to high single-digit’ range, 
• And we expect our total organic net revenue growth to be in the ‘mid single-digit’ range.  
• We are also introducing our 2026 adjusted operating expense guidance range of $864 to $879 million, 
representing 3.3% growth on the low end and 5.1% growth on the high end. Our guidance accounts for 
some modest inflation in our core expenses, along with the expected financial implications associated 
with the recently announced leadership transitions and provides room for incremental investment in 
emerging opportunities. A few areas where we are excited to make some near-term incremental 
investments include expanding our Securities Financing Transaction capabilities, as well as new 
product development around emerging event prediction markets. 
• Our full year guidance range for CapEx is $73 to $83 million, and depreciation and amortization is 
expected to be in the $56 to $60 million range. 
• We expect the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings (under the current tax laws) to come in at 27.5% 
to 29.5% for the full year, with the midpoint of the range 80 basis points below the 2025 rate as a result 
of an expected decrease in tax expense associated with uncertain tax positions. 
• And while we don’t provide formal guidance on interest income or interest expense, we expect that 
interest income, net of interest expense, will be a $3 to 4 million positive contributor for the first quarter 
of 2026. 
 
Slide 17: Efficient Allocation of Capital to Create Long-Term Shareholder Value 
On the capital front, we continue to look for ways to effectively allocate capital and drive long-term, durable 
shareholder returns. In the fourth quarter, we returned $76 million to shareholders in the form of a $0.72 cent 
per share dividend, bringing the total amount of dividends paid in 2025 to $284 million. Factoring in both share 
repurchases and dividends, Cboe returned a total of $350 million to shareholders in 2025. 
 
We enter 2026 with a great deal of balance sheet flexibility, as evidenced by our adjusted cash position of $2.2 
billion and a leverage ratio of 0.9x. We are well positioned to invest in organic or inorganic opportunities, as 
well as redeploy capital to shareholders as dividends or opportunistic share repurchases. Moving forward, we 
remain focused on optimizing our capital deployment and look forward to delivering on our long-term 
shareholder value objectives. 
 
Now I’d like to turn it back over to Craig for some closing comments. 
 
Closing Remarks 
Thank you, Jill.  
 
As we move forward as an organization, we are focusing more attention on driving results in our core 
businesses and preparing for emerging opportunities across our industry. We believe that capitalizing on those 
opportunities starts with having the right group of leaders in place. As we announced last week, we are thrilled 
to welcome Heidi Fischer to head our Cash and Spot Markets businesses and Scott Johnston as our new 
COO. Both bring a wealth of industry experience in their respective fields and strengthen our management 
capabilities across our core businesses at Cboe.  
 
I want to take a moment to express my sincere gratitude for the many contributions that Chris Isaacson has 
made throughout his tenure at Cboe. From his early days as a founding Bats employee in 2005 to his 
6 
 
meaningful contributions as a key member of our executive team and our COO, Chris has been an integral part 
of Cboe’s growth and identity. Chris has embodied a Cboe-first mentality, and we are fortunate that he will 
continue to serve as an advisor through 2026. Now, I’d like to turn the call to Chris to say a few words.  
 
[Chris]  
Thank you, Craig. First, I’d like to thank my Cboe colleagues for everything we’ve accomplished together and 
your trust over the past 20+ years. It’s been an incredible run together.  To the investor community, I’m grateful 
for your engagement and thoughtful interest through the years.  It’s been a privilege to build so many 
meaningful relationships with you during my time at Bats and Cboe.  
 
While leaving Cboe is certainly bittersweet for me, I’m excited for the opportunity to spend more time, and be 
more fully present, with my family. I feel there is no better time to pass the baton given the excellent 
momentum of the business under Craig’s leadership, the recent strategic decisions we’ve made as an 
organization, and the support of a capable leadership team with long-tenured leaders as well as talented new 
leaders coming into the organization. 
 
[Back to Craig]  
We have been incredibly deliberate in our efforts to strengthen leadership across our core businesses. This 
transition with Chris has been thoughtfully planned, and we are excited to bring in leaders of Heidi and Scott’s 
caliber. With the addition of Heidi, Scott, and recent key hires in strategy and corporate development, Global 
Derivatives, Clearing, and Data Vantage, our management team has added an average of over 25 years of 
industry experience per hire. Importantly, these new hires are complemented by our efforts to elevate talent 
from within Cboe. Given the depth of talent now in place across each of our core businesses, along with a 
robust regional leadership team of proven executives, I believe we are better positioned than ever to capitalize 
on the numerous opportunities ahead.  
 
2025 was a remarkable year on many fronts, and we begin 2026 from a position of real strength – supported 
by healthy secular tailwinds, a fortified and aligned leadership team, and a sharpened focus on our core 
businesses. With this foundation in place, we are well prepared to build on our momentum and unlock even 
greater value for our shareholders in the years ahead.  
 
I will now turn the call back over to Ken for Q&A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
 
Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
This presentation contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995 that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by 
forward-looking words such as “may,” “might,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” 
“predict,” “potential” or “continue,” and the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. All 
statements that reflect our expectations, assumptions or projections about the future other than statements of 
historical fact are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, which are subject to known 
and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, may include projections of our future financial 
performance based on our growth strategies and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only 
predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors 
that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from 
those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 
We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from 
time to time, and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all 
factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to 
differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 
Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include: the loss of our right to exclusively list and trade 
certain index options and futures products; economic, political and market conditions; compliance with legal 
and regulatory obligations; price competition and consolidation in our industry; decreases in trading or clearing 
volumes, market data fees or a shift in the mix of products traded on our exchanges; legislative or regulatory 
changes or changes in tax regimes; our ability to protect our systems and communication networks from 
security vulnerabilities and breaches; our ability to attract and retain skilled management and other personnel, 
increasing competition by foreign and domestic entities; our business and operational dependence on and 
exposure to risk from third parties; factors that impact the quality and integrity of our and other applicable 
indices; our ability to manage our global operations, growth, and strategic acquisitions, wind downs, 
divestitures, or alliances effectively; increases in the cost of the products and services we use; our ability to 
operate our business without violating the intellectual property rights of others and the costs associated with 
protecting our intellectual property rights; our ability to minimize the risks, including our credit, liquidity, market, 
investment, counterparty, and default risks, associated with operating our clearinghouses; our ability to 
accommodate trading and clearing volume and transaction traffic, including significant increases, without 
failure or degradation of performance of our systems; misconduct by those who use our markets or our 
products or for whom we clear transactions; challenges to our use of open source software code; our ability to 
meet our compliance obligations, including managing our business interests and our regulatory responsibilities; 
the loss of key customers or a significant reduction in trading or clearing volumes by key customers; damage to 
our reputation; the ability of our compliance and risk management methods to effectively monitor and manage 
our risks; restrictions imposed by our debt obligations and our ability to make payments on or refinance our 
debt obligations; our ability to maintain an investment grade credit rating; impairment of our goodwill, long-lived 
assets, investments or intangible assets; the accuracy of our estimates and expectations; and litigation risks 
and other liabilities. More detailed information about factors that may affect our actual results to differ may be 
found in our filings with the SEC, including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 
31, 2024 and other filings made from time to time with the SEC. 
 
We do not undertake, and we expressly disclaim, any duty to update any forward-looking statement whether as 
a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Readers are cautioned not 
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. 