1 
 
Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call  
May 5, 2023 
 
Slide 2: Agenda- Ken 
Good morning and thank you for joining us for our first quarter earnings conference call. On the call today, Ed Tilly, 
our Chairman and CEO, will discuss our performance for the quarter and provide an update on our strategic 
initiatives. Then, Brian Schell, our Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer, will provide an overview of our 
financial results for the quarter as well as discuss our 2023 financial outlook. Following their comments, we will open 
the call to Q&A. Also joining us for Q&A will be Chris Isaacson, our Chief Operating Officer, Dave Howson, our 
President, and our Chief Strategy Officer, John Deters.  
I would like to point out that this presentation will include the use of slides. We will be showing the slides and 
providing commentary on each. A downloadable copy of the slide presentation is available on the Investor Relations 
portion of our website. 
Slide 3: Forward-Looking Statements 
During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, which represent our current judgment on what 
the future may hold, and while we believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking statements are 
not guarantees of future performance and involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties.  Actual outcomes and 
results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Please refer to our 
filings with the SEC for a full discussion of the factors that may affect any forward-looking statements.   
We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise, after this conference call. 
During the call this morning, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our earnings 
materials. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Ed. 
 
Slide 4: Ed Tilly, Chairman and CEO 
Thank you, Ken.  
Good morning and thanks for joining us today.  
Before I begin, I want to take a moment to recognize Cboe’s 50th anniversary, which took place last week. It 
was a monumental milestone for the company and I was excited to celebrate with our associates around 
the globe. 
Throughout our 50-year history, Cboe has been driven by a unique vision and an unwavering commitment 
to continually innovate to meet the evolving needs of the global financial industry. From pioneering 
options and volatility trading to introducing new technologies and market models, Cboe has transformed 
the way market participants transfer risk and build capital.  
Our series of strategic acquisitions in recent years have greatly expanded the breadth and depth of the 
Cboe network making us the dynamic company that we are today. Each and every quarter we have built 
upon our strong foundation and this quarter is no different. 
 
Slide 5: 1Q23 – Record Levels of Net Revenue & Adjusted Earnings  
I am pleased to report on record first quarter earnings for Cboe, reflecting the continued endurance of our 
business. During the quarter we grew net revenue 13% year-over-year to a record $471 million and 
adjusted EPS by 10% to a record $1.90. These record-breaking first quarter results were driven by strong 
2 
 
volumes across our derivatives franchise, specifically our proprietary index option products and the 
continued global expansion of our Data and Access Solutions business. 
Our Derivatives business delivered another outstanding quarter as total net revenue increased 29%, driven 
by the strength of our index options and volatility products, and solid volumes in multi-list options trading. 
During the quarter, total net revenue in our Data and Access Solutions business increased 9%, while total 
net revenue in our Cash and Spot Markets business decreased 12%. 
 
Slide 6: Top Strategic Growth Priorities 
We continued to make progress delivering on our top strategic growth priorities: Derivatives, Data and 
Access Solutions, and Cboe Digital. I’ll touch on Derivatives and Data and Access Solutions in a moment, 
but first I want to provide an update on Cboe Digital.  
During the quarter, Cboe Digital continued to onboard new participants, as liquidity deepened and our 
spreads compressed to competitive levels compared to other U.S.-based platforms. February represented 
our best month to-date with ADV of more than $100 million and we had a record first quarter with $7.4 
billion traded. 
 
Slide 7: Global Derivatives – Extending the Market Potential 
2023 is not only an anniversary year for Cboe, it also marks the 40th anniversary of SPX options and the 30th 
anniversary of the VIX Index. The success of both our VIX franchise and suite of S&P 500 Index option 
products is a result of years of innovation and perseverance, driven by our unwavering belief in their 
potential from the beginning. 
Trading in these products was robust during the quarter. The recent enhancements implemented to 
expand access to SPX and XSP, including expanded trading hours and new expirations, have created new 
opportunities for customers. During the first quarter, SPX options ADV increased 59% to a record 2.8 
million contracts, including a single-day record of 4.2 million contracts traded on March 10. 
Building on the strong momentum we saw last quarter, our Mini-SPX options contract, known by the ticker 
XSP, increased 195% year-over-year. Additionally, ADV for VIX Options increased 18% year-over-year in the 
first quarter.  
In both SPX and XSP , we continued to see many market participants opening and trading positions on the 
same day the options expire, as they engaged in tactical trading strategies around market events. ADV for 
SPX options opened on the same day of expiration, otherwise called 0DTE, comprised nearly 43% of overall 
SPX volumes in the first quarter and nearly 45% of SPX volume in April. We believe there has been a 
fundamental evolution in how customers are trading this product and we anticipate this volume to 
continue. 
We also continued to see increased demand from our non-U.S. customers and liquidity providers for the 
ability to trade SPX and VIX products across all time zones, day and night. As a result, we have seen a 
sizable increase in volume during our Global Trading Hours session with ADV for SPX and VIX options 
increasing 121% and 118%, respectively, year-over-year. 
Turning to our VIX products, ADV for VIX Options increased 18% year-over-year to over 718,000 contracts 
traded in the first quarter, while VIX Futures ADV remained steady at 223,000 contracts.  
First quarter volume in multi-listed options increased 1% to an ADV of 11 million contracts. In March, Cboe 
reached a record 337 million total contracts traded across its four options exchanges. 
 
3 
 
Slide 8: Derivatives Product Innovation Builds on Strong Foundation 
Fifty years ago, we founded the listed options industry and despite its immense growth, we believe that we 
are still in the early stages of the evolution of this market. We continue to lead the industry forward 
through continued enhancements to our ecosystem of products to suit the needs of various customers. 
Most recently we announced the launch of the Cboe 1-Day Volatility Index. The Index seeks to measure the 
expected volatility of the S&P 500 Index over the current trading day. Just as the VIX Index has grown to 
become one of the most recognized tools in the marketplace, we believe the 1-Day VIX Index will be a 
complementary addition for market participants seeking to better understand current equity market 
volatility. 
During the quarter we were also excited to announce our plans to expand the product suite of Cboe 
Europe Derivatives to include single stock options on leading European companies. These products are 
expected to be available for trading in November 2023 and cleared by Cboe Clear Europe, subject to the 
necessary regulatory approvals. 
With the utility and flexibility that options provide in any market environment, as well as the varied trading 
strategies utilized by a diverse customer base, we believe we will continue to see demand from new and 
existing customers as they discover the benefits options can provide to their portfolios. 
 
Slide 9: Data and Access Solutions – Driving Durable Growth 
We are pleased with the continued, solid growth of our Data and Access Solutions business, which posted 
another strong quarter with total net revenue increasing 9%. We continued to enhance our bundled data 
offerings and cloud strategy, packaging high-quality data from across our markets and delivering it to 
customers globally in a consistent and cost-effective manner, extending the reach of our content and the 
opportunity for this business. 
 
During the quarter, we were excited to launch the Cboe One Options Feed, a product designed for the 
retail options trading community. This high-quality data feed provides retail investors with cost-effective, 
real-time data. Cboe knows it is imperative to help equip the burgeoning retail community with the 
information they may need to invest responsibly.  
 
 
Slide 10: Building an Unrivaled Global Derivatives & Securities Network 
Cboe’s enduring success over the past half-century is reflected in the unrivaled position that we hold today 
across our global derivatives and securities ecosystem. I’ve covered our Derivatives business and will now 
touch on highlights from our Cash and Spot Markets. 
In our global FX business, net revenues were up 8% year-over-year in the first quarter as the business 
expanded spot market share to a record 19.0%, with average daily spot notional value traded of $45 billion.  
In Europe, the Cboe Europe Equities business increased first quarter market share three percentage points 
year-over-year to 24.9%. Additionally, Cboe BIDS Europe had another strong quarter with 36.3% market 
share, extending its run as the largest European block trading venue to 12 consecutive months. Cboe Clear 
Europe market share grew to 34.1% in the first quarter, up from 32.2% in the prior year quarter, making it 
the largest pan-European clearing venue. 
Turning to Asia Pacific, in March we successfully completed our technology migration of Cboe Australia in 
partnership with customers, and launched Cboe BIDS Australia, marking our expansion of BIDS into the 
4 
 
Asia-Pacific market. We also welcomed Emma Quinn as the new President of Cboe Australia and we could 
not be more excited to have her leading our efforts in this key region. 
In Japan, we saw our equities market share grow to 4.8% during the first quarter, up from 3.8% a year ago. 
We also remain on track for the Cboe Japan technology migration and expected launch of Cboe BIDS Japan 
in the fourth quarter of this year, subject to regulatory approval, further extending our reach of the BIDS 
network into another key global equity market.  
 
Slide 11: Harvesting Investments Across Seasons to Drive Consistent Growth 
In summary, Cboe delivered an outstanding first quarter to start the year, continuing the momentum of 
our record 2022. While we have a long-term view of our business, we are committed to investing in the 
near term to lay a solid foundation for future, sustainable growth. With this perspective, we are confident 
we can build on our success and continue to deliver value to our customers and shareholders for the next 
50 years.  
With that, I’ll turn it over to Brian. 
 
Slide 13: 1Q Financial Summary 
As Ed highlighted, Cboe posted another record quarter to start 2023. Adjusted diluted earnings per share 
for the first quarter was up 10% on a year-over-year basis to a record $1.90. The record revenue 
performance was again driven by the continued organic growth of our derivatives franchise, as well as a 
steady contribution from our data and access solutions business. 1Q was not only a period of robust 
financial performance, but it also marked a period of meaningful advancement for many of our strategic 
initiatives. We believe that striking the right balance between monetizing today’s opportunities AND 
investing in the future of our company is crucial for the long-term growth of Cboe. I want to quickly touch 
on some of the high-level takeaways from the first quarter before delving into the segment performance:  
• Our first quarter net revenue increase of 13% set another quarterly record at $471 million, led by 
the strength in our Derivatives Markets category and the solid results from our Data and Access 
Solutions business. Specifically:  
o Derivatives Markets produced 29% year-over-year organic net revenue growth in the first 
quarter as the market continued to find increasing utility in our index options complex with 
the rise of 0DTE trading and global trading hours.  
o Data and Access Solutions net revenues increased 9%, up 6% on an organic basis during the 
quarter. We are pleased with the overall performance of the category and even more 
excited by the numerous catalysts we expect to accelerate growth over the course of this 
year.  
o Cash and Spot Markets net revenues decreased 12% during the quarter, or 13% on an 
organic basis as we faced difficult industry volume comparisons vs. the first quarter of 2022 
and a 3 percentage point impact from a stronger dollar.  
• Adjusted operating expenses increased 28% to $186 million; 
• And Adjusted EBITDA of $310 million, also notched a quarterly high, up 10% from the first quarter 
of 2022; 
 
 
5 
 
Slide 14: 1Q23 Net Revenue by Segment and Key Drivers 
Turning to the key drivers by segment. Our press release and the appendix of our slide deck include 
information detailing the key metrics for each of our business segments, so I’ll just provide summary 
thoughts: 
• The performance of our options segment was again very strong, delivering the highest growth of 
any segment for the quarter, with net revenue increasing 28%. The results were driven by robust 
volumes in our index business and strong revenue per contract – or RPC – given the favorable mix 
shift trends: 
o Total options ADV was up 9% as our higher-priced index options ADV increased 49% over 
1Q22 levels,  
o RPC moved 27% higher given a continued positive contribution of index products, and a 
stronger mix of higher-priced SPX options in our index business, 
o And market data and access and capacity fees were up 8% and 9%, respectively, as 
compared to 1Q22. 
o One additional item worth calling out for the segment in the first quarter was the 51% y/y 
increase in options royalty fees, somewhat higher than previous quarterly growth rates. 
Roughly 75% of the increase was related to higher volumes in our SPX and VIX options. The 
remaining 25% of the increase was related to the last scheduled reset in royalty fees with 
S&P, which took effect at the beginning of the 1
st quarter. This last scheduled adjustment to 
contract rates is part of our current agreement with S&P that runs through 2032/33, making 
the first quarter a good run rate ratio of royalty fees to proprietary volume moving forward.  
• North American equities net revenue was flat on a year-over-year basis. Results benefited from 
NEO, which was acquired in June of 2022, contributing $5.6 million in net revenue during the 
quarter. In addition, access and capacity fees increased 9% as compared to 1Q22 while market data 
declined 7% on the back of lower SIP revenues. Net transaction fees were flat given softer industry 
volumes and market share in our US businesses. And while our US on-exchange market share has 
trended lower on an absolute basis, our share has remained relatively constant when adjusting for 
the increase in off-exchange market volume activity seen during 1Q. The industry volume and 
market share headwinds were offset by the positive contribution from the NEO acquisition during 
the quarter.  
• The Europe and APAC segment reported a 14% year-over-year decline in net revenue. However, 
adjusting for a $3.5 million FX impact given the stronger dollar during the quarter, net revenue fell 
by a more modest 8% on a constant-currency basis, impacted by softer industry volumes in Europe. 
The lower activity levels were partially offset by a 3.1 percentage point increase in market share on 
a year-over-year basis, making Cboe Europe the largest stock exchange in Europe, again. And Cboe 
Clear Europe also grew market share during the quarter from 32% to 34%.  
• First quarter net revenue was flat in the Futures segment as a 4% decline in net transaction fees 
was offset by an increase in access and capacity fees. Lower volumes were the primary driver of the 
decline in net transaction fees, falling 9% during the quarter. Non-transaction revenues continued 
to perform well with access and capacity fees up 18% and market data flat to the first quarter of 
last year.  
• And finally, net revenue in the FX segment was up 8% as compared to last year, building on the very 
strong momentum we saw from the FX segment during 2022. Net transaction fees revenue was up 
8% as average daily notional value increased by 7% and market share hit another record at 19% for  
the quarter. 
 
 
6 
 
Slide 15: Grew Data and Access Solutions Net Revenue 9% YoY 
Turning now to Cboe’s Data and Access Solutions business, net revenues were up a solid 9% in the first 
quarter, up 6.2% on an organic basis. Net revenue growth continued to be driven by additional 
subscriptions and units, accounting for 70% of access fee and market data growth in the first quarter.  
While our 6.2% organic net revenue growth rate for the quarter finished slightly below the low end of our 
7-10% full year guidance range, we feel confident in our ability to accelerate trends over the back half of 
the year.  
• Specifically, with the recent launch of Cboe One Options, we expect to see an uptake of clients for 
all of our Cboe One data feeds in the second half of 2023, adding incremental revenue for the DnA 
business.  
• In Australia, we finished our technology migration and launched our BIDS offering in the region at 
the end of the first quarter. Following the migration, we would expect to see increased demand for 
Cboe data in Australia, consistent with what we have seen following past technology migrations 
around the globe. Adding to that positive momentum is the enhanced distribution that Cboe Global 
Cloud now provides, offering incremental sales potential for our suite of data products.   
• We also anticipate solid trends from Cboe Global Indices with good momentum around index 
licensing. 
• We are experiencing new global customer wins in Risk and Market Analytics. And opportunities 
coming online in distribution.  
From a timing perspective, we anticipate most of this acceleration will occur in the second half of 2023, 
landing us in our 7-10% organic net revenue growth guidance range for the full year, and putting us in line 
with our medium-term expectations outlined at our Nov 2021 investor day. 
Slide 16: 1Q23 Adjusted Operating Expenses Up 28%, Driven by Acquisitions and Compensation and 
Benefits 
Turning to expenses, total adjusted operating expenses were approximately $186 million for the quarter, 
up 28% compared to last year. Excluding the impact of acquisitions owned less than a year, adjusted 
operating expenses were up 19% or $28 million for the quarter, largely reflecting higher headcount as 
compared to the first quarter of last year, as well as some inflationary comp adjustments and higher 
professional fees and outside services as compared to 1Q22. 
Slide 17: Adjusted Operating Expense Bridge  
Expense Guidance 
Moving to our expense guidance, we are reaffirming our full year 2023 expense guidance range of $769 to 
$779 million, this compares to our 2022 expense base of $652 million. The three basic components of the 
year-over-year increase are outlined on slide 17 of our earnings presentation – expenses from 2022 
acquisitions, growth investments, and core expense growth. At a high level, while the aggregate expense 
range remains unchanged, we expect a $3 million reduction in expenses from 2022 acquisitions to be 
entirely offset by higher anticipated Consolidated Audit Trail (CAT) project costs, costs that we have limited 
control over.  
Looking at the details of our three expense categories:  
• We anticipate the 2022 acquisitions of NEO and ErisX will add approximately $33 to $35 million in 
incremental expenses in 2023. 
7 
 
• We are again calling out growth-generating investments given the numerous attractive 
opportunities we see today. These are investments we are making today to help drive incremental 
revenue to our bottom line in future years. Specifically, we are investing in global listings, DnA 
expansion, a more aggressive marketing campaign and targeted product and services R&D efforts 
across our ecosystem. In 2023, we continue to expect growth investments to be in the range of 
$28-30 million.  
• The last component, and the largest portion of the year-over-year increase, remains our core 
expense growth, totaling approximately $56-62 million. Our new range is $3 million higher than last 
quarter given increased expectations for CAT project costs in 2023, while our outlook for 
investments in infrastructure and inflationary factors remains unchanged.   
We will continue to exhibit operational efficiency, while investing where we see opportunities over time. 
We believe the investments we are making today position Cboe well to generate attractive returns in the 
years ahead.  
Slide 18: Updated 2023 Guidance 
Now turning to a summary of full-year guidance on the next slide, we are reaffirming the 2023 guidance we 
introduced last quarter. In addition to the previously noted expected DnA organic net revenue growth rate 
of 7 to 10 percent range for 2023, we expect acquisitions held less than a year to contribute around half a 
percentage point to total net revenue growth in 2023.  
And we are reaffirming our organic total net revenue growth range of 7 to 9 percent for 2023. This remains 
above our medium-term guidance of 5 to 7 percent introduced at our investor day a year and a half ago, a 
function of our confidence in the durable growth of our business and the progress we are seeing behind 
the investments we have made to increase the access and distribution of our products and markets 
globally.  
Last quarter, we introduced guidance calling for an expected contribution of $27-33 million in 2023 from 
minority investments benefiting our other income line. In 1Q, we recognized a $14mn gain on the 
Company’s investment in 7Ridge Fund (which owns Trading Technologies) and are reaffirming our full year 
expectation of a $27-33 million benefit. We look for the impact of minority investments to become a 
regular and recurring contributor to company earnings and are providing our best estimate of the benefit 
we anticipate in 2023.   
We are also reaffirming our full year guidance on depreciation and amortization of $48-52 million and 
expect the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings (under the current tax laws) to come in at 28.5 to 30.5% 
in 2023.  
Interest Expense 
Outside of our annual guidance, net interest expense for the first quarter of 2023 was $15.1 million. For 
2Q, we expect net interest expense to be in the range of $15 to $16 million. 
Slide 19: Efficient Allocation of Capital to Create Long-Term Shareholder Value 
On the capital front, our focus has been, and remains, maximizing shareholder value through the effective 
use of our capital. In the first quarter, we returned a total of $123 million to shareholders in the form of a 
$0.50 per share quarterly dividend and $70 million in the form of share repurchases. Overall, we remain 
well positioned to invest in the business, support our dividend, and opportunistically repurchase shares 
when we believe our stock price does not adequately reflect the underlying fundamentals of our business, 
8 
 
as we did in the first quarter - with $148 million in remaining capacity on our share repurchase 
authorization as of April 30, 2023.  
Our leverage ratio for the quarter remained at 1.5x, in line with fourth quarter levels. We remain 
comfortable with our debt profile, having locked in low medium to longer term fixed rates, averaging 
below 3%, on over 80% of our total debt. 
 
Slide 20: Positioned to Innovate, Integrate and Grow to Create Value 
In summary, the first quarter of 2023 was an excellent start to the year. We look forward to building on our 
record results through thoughtful investments behind the numerous growth initiatives we have, 
generating durable returns for shareholders for many quarters and years to come.  
Now I’d like to turn it back over to Ed for some closing comments before we open it up to Q&A.   
 
Closing Remarks 
Thanks, Brian. 
In closing, I want to thank our valued customers who engage with us every day providing liquidity to our 
markets, utilizing our products and services, and supporting our vision. They are valued partners that have 
been critical to our success over the last 50 years. 
I am extremely proud of our people – past and present – who have helped build an incredible company 
and continue to chart the future success for Cboe. Our 50-year legacy is built on trust, relentless innovation 
and a drive to disrupt the status quo, powered by the exceptional strength of our people. 
Together we have created an exchange like no other—the exchange for the world stage.  