1 
 
Cboe Global Markets, Inc.  
Third Quarter 2025 Earnings Call  
October 31, 2025 
 
Good morning and thank you for joining us for our third quarter earnings conference call. On the call today, 
Craig Donohue, our CEO, will discuss our performance for the quarter and provide an update on our strategic 
initiatives. Jill Griebenow, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide an overview of our financial results for 
the quarter as well as discuss our 2025 financial outlook. Following their comments, we will open the call to 
Q&A. Also joining us for Q&A will be Chris Isaacson, our Chief Operating Officer; Prashant Bhatia, our Head of 
Enterprise Strategy & Corporate Development; and Rob Hocking, our Global Head of Derivatives.  
 
I would like to point out that this presentation will include the use of slides. We will be showing the slides and 
providing commentary on each. A downloadable copy of the slide presentation is available on the Investor 
Relations portion of our website. 
 
Slide 3: Forward-Looking Statements 
During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, which represent our current judgment on 
what the future may hold, and while we believe these judgments are reasonable, these forward-looking 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties.  
Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking 
statements. Please refer to our filings with the SEC for a full discussion of the factors that may affect any 
forward-looking statements.  
 
We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise, after this conference call. 
 
During the call this morning, we will be referring to non-GAAP measures as defined and reconciled in our 
earnings materials. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Craig. 
 
Slide 4 and 5: Strategic Update 
Good morning. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our third quarter results. Our performance this quarter 
underscores how Cboe is operating from a position of strength – a result of our world-class products, platforms 
and people. 
 
We’re building on that momentum and sharpening our strategic focus designed to unlock even greater value 
and opportunities for growth.  
 
Following the conclusion of a rigorous review of our businesses: 
• We will initiate a sales process for our Cboe Australia and Cboe Canada businesses.  
• We will discontinue our U.S. and European Corporate Listings efforts. 
• We will reduce our costs related to our U.S. and European ETP Listings businesses, Cboe Europe 
Derivatives Exchange, and several of our smaller Risk and Market Analytics businesses. 
 
This strategic realignment ensures Cboe is well-positioned in a dynamic and evolving market and strengthens 
our long-term vision to be a global derivatives leader. These changes will be accretive to earnings, and Jill will 
discuss in her prepared remarks how these actions strengthen our financial position and unlock new growth 
opportunities. 
 
I’d like to express our deep appreciation to all our team members for their dedication and hard work in 
supporting each of these businesses. While our Australian and Canadian equities businesses are performing 
well, we’ve determined that they fall outside our core focus and strategy.   
 
We are grateful to our regulators in Australia and Canada for the support and collaboration they have shown 
us. We will work closely with them to ensure a smooth transition for all of our key stakeholders.  
2 
 
 
With this renewed focus, we are directing greater attention to our core businesses, which are operating from a 
position of strength. We see tremendous opportunities across Index and Multi-List Options, Futures, US and 
European Equities, and FX, inclusive of Data Vantage. Leveraging these core areas of strength for Cboe and 
the strong secular growth trends supporting them, we believe we are well positioned to fully capture their 
growth and earnings potential as we strengthen our competitive positioning. 
 
Slide 7: Record Net Revenue in Third Quarter 
Turning now to the third quarter, Cboe grew net revenue 14% year-over-year to a record $605.5 million and 
adjusted diluted EPS increased a robust 20% to a record $2.67.  
 
These results were again driven by:  
• Strong volumes in both our multi-list and proprietary index option products,  
• Solid new sales growth in our Cboe Data Vantage business,  
• Robust industry volumes in our cash and spot markets, and  
• Continued strong expense discipline. 
 
Most importantly, our performance once again underscored the durability of our net revenue generation, with 
strength evident across nearly every segment of our business. In fact, in the third quarter, all three of our 
revenue categories - Derivatives Markets, Cash and Spot Markets, and Data Vantage - posted double-digit net 
revenue growth. As we head into the final months of the year, we look forward to building on those broad-
based trends. 
 
Slide 8 and 9: Derivatives: Aligned with Cyclical and Secular Trends 
Taking a closer look at the third quarter trends by category –  
 
Our Derivatives franchise delivered another record quarter with net revenue increasing 15% year-over-year. In 
our multi-list options business, net transaction and clearing fees revenue was up a solid 14% given higher 
industry volumes and positive market share trends. While the multi-list options space remains highly 
competitive, Cboe is well positioned to benefit from strong secular trends, having taken meaningful steps to 
deepen our talent pool in the options space while actively pursuing thoughtful regulatory reforms that support 
both the industry and our investors. 
 
On the index options side, net transaction and clearing fees revenue was up a strong 19% as our proprietary 
SPX options complex set new records, powered by robust growth in 0DTE options trading. SPX 0DTE ADV 
surged 62% year-over-year, while overall SPX ADV increased 26% to a record 3.9M contracts. 0DTE options 
made up over 61% of SPX volumes, up from a 48% share a year ago. We saw a similar dynamic in mini-SPX 
options, where 0DTE ADV more than doubled over the past year and drove an impressive 66% increase in 
total ADV during the quarter. 0DTE options now make up roughly half of mini-SPX volume, up from 35% a year 
ago. 
 
In our proprietary options business, it’s noteworthy that nine of the ten highest average daily volume months 
occurred in 2025 – with September ranking as the third highest month on record only behind March and 
October month-to-date activity. In fact, our largest SPX day on record occurred on October 10th, with 6.4M SPX 
contracts traded and a record 33.2M total options contracts traded across our index and multi-list products. 
 
It's also worth noting that growth in our 0DTE options franchise reflects not only wider adoption and broader 
access – but it’s also a result of Cboe’s distinct advantages in product innovation, contract design, and market 
structure. We look forward to leaning into these advantages with our new Mag10 index options and futures 
launch, subject to regulatory approval, giving investors a simpler way to gain exposure to the AI and Tech 
theme and a more precise way to manage risk using cash settled, European-style options.     
 
3 
 
While SPX volumes in the third quarter were robust, our VIX products faced a more stable macro backdrop 
and lower realized volatility. The continued growth of our index options, despite the lower activity in our VIX 
complex, highlights the strength and versatility of Cboe’s comprehensive volatility toolkit. 
 
Looking ahead, we remain positive on the outlook for our core Derivatives business. With trade tensions, a 
government shutdown, and a more uncertain economic outlook, we see investors continuing to utilize options 
to manage risk. Secular trends of increasing retail participation and international expansion should provide 
further tailwinds. We continue to onboard more international brokers as global customers seek exposure to US 
financial markets.  
 
Slide 10: Continued Progress in Global Cash Equities 
Moving to cash and spot markets, net revenue was up a strong 14% as our European cash equities business 
continued to drive robust performance for the category. 
 
Led by another quarter of strength in our European transaction businesses, the Europe and Asia Pacific 
segment delivered the strongest year-over-year net revenue percentage growth of any Cboe segment for the 
fifth quarter in a row – achieving an impressive 24% increase. This was driven by a 35% year-over-year growth 
in net transaction and clearing fees resulting from strong industry volumes, solid market share gains, and a 
higher net capture.  
 
Global FX also made another solid contribution, growing net revenue 13% year-over-year in Q3. Over a longer 
time horizon, FX has delivered quarterly year-over-year net revenue growth in 17 of the last 18 quarters, 
speaking to the durability of the segment’s revenue generation. 
 
Slide 11: Cboe Data Vantage: Driving Durable Growth 
Turning to Data Vantage, net revenue increased by 12% on a year-over-year basis, reflecting continued 
momentum across our platform. Notably, nearly 90% of the growth across our market data and access 
businesses was driven by new unit and new sales as opposed to pricing. This growth speaks to the sizable 
demand for Cboe’s Data and Access products, including our newer offerings - dedicated cores and time 
stamping.  
 
Now I’ll turn the call over to Jill to walk through the details of our financials and guidance for the quarter. 
 
Slide 13: 3Q25 Financial Summary 
Thanks, Craig. Cboe posted another strong quarter, with adjusted diluted earnings per share up 20% on a 
year-over-year basis to $2.67. I will provide some high-level takeaways from this quarter’s operating results 
before going through segment results. 
 
Net revenue increased 14% versus the third quarter of 2024 to finish at a record $605.5 million, with each of 
our categories producing healthy year-over-year growth. Specifically: 
• Derivatives Markets net revenues grew 15%, 
• Data Vantage net revenues grew 12%, 
• And Cash and Spot Markets net revenues grew 14%. 
 
Adjusted operating expenses of $210 million were up 3% on a year-over-year basis. Adjusted operating 
EBITDA of $409 million grew 21% and adjusted operating EBITDA margin expanded by 3.8 percentage points 
to 67.5% versus the third quarter of 2024 – demonstrating both our strong business performance and 
disciplined expense management. 
 
Slide 14: 3Q25 Net Revenue by Segment and Key Drivers 
Turning to the key drivers by segment. Our press release and the appendix of our slide deck include 
information detailing the key metrics for our business segments, so I’ll provide some highlights for each: 
• The Options segment delivered its fifth consecutive quarter of record net revenue with 19% year-over-
year growth. 
4 
 
o Cboe total options ADV was up 26%, with a 15% increase in index options volume and a 31% 
increase in multi-listed options volume. 
• North American Equities net revenue increased 6% on a year-over-year basis. Access and capacity 
fees increased 10% as compared to the third quarter of 2024, and stronger industry volumes helped 
temper softer net capture and market share in our transaction net revenues. 
• Europe and APAC produced 24% year-over-year net revenue growth, reflecting another quarter of 
strong growth in Europe. Net transaction and clearing fees for the segment were up 35% while non-
transaction revenues were up a combined 14%. 
• Futures net revenue decreased 22% from the third quarter of 2024, primarily due to lower volumes. 
• And finally, Global FX net revenue was up 13% on a year-over-year basis, driven by a 3% increase in 
average daily notional value and a 9% increase in net capture. 
 
Slide 15: Data Vantage Grew Net Revenues 12% in 3Q25 
Looking at our Cboe Data Vantage business, net revenues were up 12% on an organic basis in the third 
quarter. Building on the solid year-to-date trends, revenue growth was again driven by strong new subscription 
and unit sales. New sales represented nearly 90% of market data and access solutions revenue growth in the 
quarter, with the remainder coming from pricing changes. As Craig discussed, we are encouraged by the sales 
momentum occurring across our new product offerings.  
 
Slide 16: 3Q25 Adjusted Operating Expenses 
Turning to expenses, total adjusted operating expenses were $210 million for the quarter and up 3% on a year-
over-year basis. The increase was primarily driven by higher compensation and benefits expense as a result of 
our strong revenue trends which have increased our bonus incentive accrual. 
 
Slide 17: 2025 Guidance 
Before moving to our 2025 guidance updates, I would like to discuss the anticipated financial impact of the 
business decisions announced earlier this morning. While we are still working through these changes with our 
key stakeholders, we do not anticipate that these actions will have a material impact on our 2025 total organic 
net revenue growth or our 2025 adjusted operating expenses, and they are fully captured in our updated 
guidance. 
 
On a go-forward basis, we expect the annualized run-rate impact of both today’s announcements and the 
completed wind-down of our Japanese equities business to be accretive to our earnings – resulting in a 
roughly 3% reduction in net revenue and an 8-10% reduction in adjusted operating expenses, using the 2025 
guided ranges as a baseline. That being said, realizing the full impact of the actions will take time as we work 
through various realignment actions and sale processes. We will look to provide a more fulsome progress 
update to help calibrate the timing of various impacts when we announce our 2026 guidance during fourth 
quarter earnings in February. 
 
Moving to our full year 2025 guidance, 
• We are increasing our full year total organic net revenue growth guidance range to ‘low double-digit to 
mid-teens’ from ‘high single-digit’ given our strong year-to-date results and fourth quarter-to-date 
trends. 
• We are increasing our Data Vantage organic net revenue growth range to ‘high single-digit to low 
double-digit’ from ‘mid to high single-digit’ following stronger than expected year-to-date growth. 
• We are lowering our full year adjusted operating expense guidance range to $827 to $842 million from 
$832 to $847 million. This decrease reflects our year-to-date operating discipline as well as reduced 
expectations for depreciation and amortization expenses, partially offset by higher incentive 
compensation given our healthy revenue generation. 
• We are lowering our full year guidance range for CapEx to $73 to $83 million from $75 to $85 million, 
and we are also lowering our expectation for depreciation and amortization to $50 to $54 million from 
$53 to $57 million. 
• We continue to expect the effective tax rate on adjusted earnings (under the current tax laws) to come 
in at 28.5% to 30.5% for the full year. 
5 
 
• And while we don’t provide formal guidance on interest income or interest expense, we expect that 
interest expense, net of interest income, will be approximately $3 million in the fourth quarter. 
 
Slide 18: Efficient Allocation of Capital to Create Long-Term Shareholder Value 
On the capital front, our adjusted cash position of $1.5 billion and leverage ratio of 1.0x demonstrate our 
healthy balance sheet. In addition, Moody’s recently upgraded our credit rating by one notch to A2 – reflecting 
the strength of our financial profile. In the third quarter, we returned $76 million to shareholders in the form of a 
$0.72 cent dividend, representing a 14% year-over-year increase in our quarterly dividend. 
 
Turning to our investment in the 7Ridge Fund holding Trading Technologies, the transaction detailed in last 
quarter’s earnings call is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2025, subject to regulatory approval. As of 
September 30, 2025, the carrying value of the investment reflects assumptions, including the agreed sales 
price, related to the estimated fair value of Trading Technologies. A gain of $45.6 million is included in our 
earnings on investments for the third quarter, but the impact has been adjusted out of our non-GAAP income 
statement. In the fourth quarter, we anticipate recognizing an incremental gain upon the final closure of the 
transaction. Similar to the third quarter, we will adjust the gain out of our non-GAAP income statement.  
 
As an organization, we are focused on optimizing capital deployment to strike the right balance between 
margin efficiency and investment in emerging growth trends following our review. And while the decision 
process to strategically realign our business portfolio is complete, our commitment to continuously assessing 
new opportunities and optimizing our businesses will be unwavering. We will maintain a disciplined approach 
to assessing all aspects of our business, with a clear emphasis on driving revenue growth and enhancing 
profitability to maximize shareholder returns. 
 
Now I’d like to turn it back over to Craig for some closing comments before we open it up to Q&A. 
 
Slide 20 and 21: Framing the Strategic Direction 
Thank you, Jill.  
 
As Jill highlighted, our business is operating from a position of exceptional strength, and we now have a clear 
path to unlock even greater value. The strategic realignment of our business portfolio and human capital allows 
us to focus on optimizing our core businesses for further growth and profitability and pursue opportunities in 
emerging growth areas.  
 
While we continue to undergo change, our continued success makes us a destination for talent. The 
realignment and focus on growth allows us to continue to build senior leadership talent across the organization. 
In the past six months, we have made key hires in strategy and corporate development, Global Derivatives, 
clearing, and Data Vantage. And yesterday, we announced another key hire as we welcome JJ Kinahan as 
Head of Retail Expansion & Alternative Investment Products. JJ is a well-regarded industry veteran in the retail 
brokerage space, with deep expertise in equity derivatives markets. He brings a wealth of experience to the 
Cboe management team, and I look forward to working closely with him and Rob as we pursue new growth 
opportunities in the retail oriented digital, crypto, and event contracts space.   
 
We have made meaningful progress over the last six months, and we have a great deal more to do. I am 
energized by the momentum at the organization and excited to channel what we’ve learned into driving 
transformative change. 
 
I will now turn the call back over to Ken for Q&A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6 
 
Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
This presentation contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995 that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by 
forward-looking words such as “may,” “might,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” 
“predict,” “potential” or “continue,” and the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. All 
statements that reflect our expectations, assumptions or projections about the future other than statements of 
historical fact are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, which are subject to known 
and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, may include projections of our future financial 
performance based on our growth strategies and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only 
predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors 
that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from 
those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from 
time to time, and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all 
factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to 
differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 
Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include: the loss of our right to exclusively list and trade 
certain index options and futures products; economic, political and market conditions; compliance with legal 
and regulatory obligations; price competition and consolidation in our industry; decreases in trading or clearing 
volumes, market data fees or a shift in the mix of products traded on our exchanges; legislative or regulatory 
changes or changes in tax regimes; our ability to protect our systems and communication networks from 
security vulnerabilities and breaches; our ability to attract and retain skilled management and other personnel, 
increasing competition by foreign and domestic entities; our dependence on and exposure to risk from third 
parties; factors that impact the quality and integrity of our and other applicable indices; our ability to manage 
our global operations, growth, and strategic acquisitions or alliances effectively; increases in the cost of the 
products and services we use; our ability to operate our business without violating the intellectual property 
rights of others and the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights; our ability to minimize 
the risks, including our credit, counterparty investment, and default risks, associated with operating our 
clearinghouses; our ability to accommodate trading and clearing volume and transaction traffic, including 
significant increases, without failure or degradation of performance of our systems; misconduct by those who 
use our markets or our products or for whom we clear transactions; challenges to our use of open source 
software code; our ability to meet our compliance obligations, including managing our business interests and 
our regulatory responsibilities; the loss of key customers or a significant reduction in trading or clearing 
volumes by key customers; our ability to maintain BIDS Trading as an independently managed and operated 
trading venue, separate from and not integrated with our registered national securities exchanges; damage to 
our reputation; the ability of our compliance and risk management methods to effectively monitor and manage 
our risks; restrictions imposed by our debt obligations and our ability to make payments on or refinance our 
debt obligations; our ability to maintain an investment grade credit rating; impairment of our goodwill, long-lived 
assets, investments or intangible assets; the accuracy of our estimates and expectations; and litigation risks 
and other liabilities. More detailed information about factors that may affect our actual results to differ may be 
found in our filings with the SEC, including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 
31, 2024 and other filings made from time to time with the SEC. 
 
We do not undertake, and we expressly disclaim, any duty to update any forward-looking statement whether as 
a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Readers are cautioned not 
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. 