 
 
lseg.com/en/ftse-russell 
May 2026 Construction and Methodology 
Russell US Equity 
Indexes 
v7.0 
 
 
 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  2 of 50 
Contents 
 
Section 1 Introduction ......................................................................................................................................................... 3 
Section 2 Management responsibilities .............................................................................................................................. 6 
Section 3 FTSE Russell Index policies ............................................................................................................................... 7 
Section 4 Basic methodology ............................................................................................................................................. 9 
Section 5 Defining eligible securities ................................................................................................................................ 12 
Section 6 Defining membership by size ............................................................................................................................ 17 
Section 7 Float .................................................................................................................................................................. 23 
Section 8 Determining style .............................................................................................................................................. 24 
Section 9 Corporate action-driven changes...................................................................................................................... 29 
Appendix A Index tickers and base values ....................................................................................................................... 32 
Appendix B Country assignment methodology details ..................................................................................................... 37 
Appendix C Sample client notification .............................................................................................................................. 41 
Appendix D Predictive index data ..................................................................................................................................... 43 
Appendix E Performance algorithms ................................................................................................................................ 44 
Appendix F Reconstitution schedule and applicable updates .......................................................................................... 46 
Appendix G Status of Indexes .......................................................................................................................................... 48 
Appendix H Further information ........................................................................................................................................ 49 
 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  3 of 50 
Section 1 
Introduction 
 
1. Introduction 
1.1 Introduction 
1.1.1 FTSE Russell provides float-adjusted, market capitalization-weighted indexes for a precise picture of the 
market. Today, approximately $12.2 trillion in assets are benchmarked to the Russell US indexes1. 
1.1.2 The Russell US Equity Indexes do not take account of ESG factors in the index design. 
1.2 FTSE Russell 
1.2.1 FTSE Russell hereby notifies users of the index series that it is possible that circumstances, including 
external events beyond the control of FTSE Russell, may necessitate changes to, or the cessation of, the 
index series and therefore, any financial contracts or other financial instruments that reference the index 
series or investment funds which use the index series to measure their performance should be able to 
withstand, or otherwise address the possibility of changes to, or cessation of, the index.  
1.2.2 Index users who choose to follow this index series or to buy products that claim to follow this index series 
should assess the merits of the index’s rules-based methodology and take independent investment advice 
before investing their own or client funds. No liability whether as a result of negligence or otherwise is 
accepted by FTSE Russell for any losses, damages, claims and expenses suffered by any person as a 
result of: 
– any reliance on this methodology; 
– any inaccuracies in this methodology; 
– any non-application or misapplication of the policies or procedures described in this methodology; 
– any inaccuracies in the compilation of the index or any constituent data. 
1.3 Available indexes 
– Capital and total return indexes.  
– Net total return indexes based on specified withholding tax rates. 
– Indexes calculated in currencies other than the base currency (USD).  
– Currency hedged indexes. 
– Capped indexes; for full details see the FTSE Russell Capping Methodology Guide. 
– Constituent size bands – large, mid, small and micro capitalization indexes.  
– Sector indexes. 
Additional customised variants can be calculated on request including indexes with industry, country and 
sector exclusions. Selected indexes are calculated and disseminated on a real-time basis. 
 
1 Data as of June 30, 2025 as reported on November 15, 2025 by eVestment for active institutional funds, Morningstar for active  retail mutual funds, insurance products, and ETFs, 
and passive assets directly collected by FTSE Russell. AUM includes blended benchmarks and excludes futures and options. AUM data does not include active and passive assets 
not reported to a 3rd party source or FTSE Russell. For funds where the AUM was not reported as of June 30, 2025, the previou s period AUM was used as an estimate. No 
assurances are given by FTSE Russell as to the accuracy of the data. 
 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  4 of 50 
A number of Russell US Sector Exclusion and Select Indices are available – these are listed in the following 
document: Russell US Sector Exclusion and Select Indexes 
1.3.1 All Russell US equity indexes are subsets of the Russell 3000E Index. A list of available tickers and index 
values can be found in Appendix A.  
1.3.2 Price, total, net and hedged data for the Russell US indexes is available in the following currencies. 
Exchange rates used in the end-of-day calculations are WMR Closing Spot Rates™, collected at 16:00 
London time. 
Russell US TTM indexes are available using T+1 Telegraphic Transfer Middle Rate (TTM). The TTM rate is 
only available after US close and is therefore applied on the next business day. TTM source: MUFG Bank 
Ltd. 
1.3.3 The base currency of the benchmark is US Dollars. Index values may also be published in other currencies.  
AUD CAD CHF EUR GBP JPY USD SGD ZAR 
 
Broad market US indexes Large cap US indexes Midcap US indexes 
Russell 3000E Index Russell 1000® Index Russell Midcap® Index 
Russell 3000E Value Index Russell 1000® Value Index Russell Midcap® Value Index 
Russell 3000E Growth Index Russell 1000® Growth Index Russell Midcap® Growth Index 
Russell 3000® Index Russell 1000® Defensive Index® Russell Midcap® Defensive Index® 
Russell 3000® Value Index Russell 1000® Dynamic Index® Russell Midcap® Dynamic Index® 
Russell 3000® Growth Index Russell 1000® Growth-Defensive Index® Russell Midcap® Growth-Defensive Index® 
Russell 3000® Defensive Index® Russell 1000® Growth-Dynamic Index® Russell Midcap® Growth-Dynamic Index® 
Russell 3000® Dynamic Index® Russell 1000® Value-Defensive Index® Russell Midcap® Value-Defensive Index® 
Russell 3000® Growth-Defensive Index® Russell 1000® Value-Dynamic Index® Russell Midcap® Value-Dynamic Index® 
Russell 3000® Growth-Dynamic Index® Russell Top 200® Index Russell Midcap® Value Benchmark Index 
Russell 3000® Value-Defensive Index® Russell Top 200® Value Index Russell Midcap® Growth Benchmark Index 
Russell 3000® Value-Dynamic Index® Russell Top 200® Growth Index  
Russell 3000E Value Benchmark Index Russell Top 200® Defensive Index®  
Russell 3000E Growth Benchmark Index Russell Top 200® Dynamic Index®  
Russell 3000® Value Benchmark Index Russell Top 200® Growth-Defensive 
Index® 
 
Russell 3000® Growth Benchmark Index Russell Top 200® Growth-Dynamic Index®  
 Russell Top 200® Value-Defensive Index®  
 Russell Top 200® Value-Dynamic Index®  
 Russell Top 50® Mega Cap Index  
 Russell Top 500 Index  
 Russell Top 500 Growth Index  
 Russell Top 500 Value Index  
 Russell 1000® Value Benchmark Index  
 Russell 1000® Growth Benchmark Index  
 Russell Top 200® Value Benchmark Index  
 Russell Top 200® Growth Benchmark 
Index 
 
 Russell Top 500 Growth Benchmark Index  
 Russell Top 500 Value Benchmark Index  
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  5 of 50 
Broad market US indexes Large cap US indexes Midcap US indexes 
Small-mid US indexes Small cap US indexes Microcap US indexes 
Russell 2500 Index Russell 2000® Index Russell Microcap® Index 
Russell 2500 Value Index Russell 2000® Value Index Russell Microcap® Value Index 
Russell 2500 Growth Index Russell 2000® Growth Index Russell Microcap® Growth Index 
Russell 2500 Defensive Index® Russell 2000® Defensive Index® Russell Microcap® Value Benchmark 
Index 
Russell 2500 Dynamic Index® Russell 2000® Dynamic Index® Russell Microcap® Growth Benchmark 
Index 
Russell 2500 Growth-Defensive Index® Russell 2000® Growth-Dynamic Index®  
Russell 2500 Growth-Dynamic Index® Russell 2000® Value-Defensive Index®  
Russell 2500 Value-Defensive Index® Russell 2000® Value-Dynamic Index®  
Russell 2500 Value-Dynamic Index® Russell 2000® Growth-Defensive Index®  
Russell 2500 Value Benchmark Index Russell Small Cap Completeness® Index  
Russell 2500 Growth Benchmark Index Russell Small Cap Completeness® Value 
Index 
 
 Russell Small Cap Completeness® 
Growth Index 
 
 Russell 2000® Value Benchmark Index  
 Russell 2000® Growth Benchmark Index  
 Russell Small Cap Completeness® Value 
Benchmark Index 
 
 Russell Small Cap Completeness® 
Growth Benchmark Index 
 
 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  6 of 50 
Section 2 
Management responsibilities 
 
2. Management responsibilities 
2.1 FTSE International Limited (FTSE) 
2.1.1 FTSE is the benchmark administrator of the index 2. 
2.1.2 FTSE Russell is responsible for the daily calculation, production and operation of the index series and will:  
– maintain records of the index weightings of all constituents; 
– make changes to the constituents and their weightings in accordance with the methodology; 
– carry out the periodic index reviews of the index series and apply the changes resulting from the reviews 
as required by the methodology; 
– publish changes to the constituent weightings resulting from their ongoing maintenance and the 
periodic reviews; and 
– disseminate the indexes. 
2.2 Amendments to the construction and methodology 
2.2.1 This Construction and Methodology shall be subject to regular review (at least once a year) by FTSE 
Russell to ensure that they continue to best reflect the aims of the index. Any proposals for significant 
amendments to the construction and methodology will be subject to consultation with FTSE Russell advisory 
committees and other stakeholders if appropriate. The feedback from these consultations will be considered 
by the FTSE Russell Index governance board before approval is granted. 
 
 
2 The term administrator is used in this document in the same sense as it is defined in Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on 
indexes used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds  (the European Benchmark Regulation) and The 
Benchmarks (Amendment and Transitional Provision) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the UK Benchmark Regulation). 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  7 of 50 
Section 3 
FTSE Russell Index policies 
 
3. FTSE Russell Index policies 
These Ground Rules should be read in conjunction with the following policy documents , which can be 
accessed using the links below: 
3.1 Queries, complaints and appeals 
3.1.1 A constituent or prospective constituent company (or professional advisor acting on behalf of the company), 
a national organisation or a group of no fewer than 10 users of the Indexes from different organisations 
acting in their professional capacity may appeal against decisions taken by FTSE Russell.  
FTSE Russell’s complaints procedure can be accessed using the following link:  
Benchmark_Determination_Complaints_Handling_Policy.pdf 
FTSE Russell’s appeal process can be accessed using the following link: 
Appeals_Against_Decisions.pdf 
3.2 Index policy for trading halts and market closures 
3.2.1 Guidance for the treatment of index changes in the event of trading halts or market closures can be found 
using the following link: 
Index_Policy_for_Trading_Halts_and_Market_Closures.pdf 
3.3 Index policy in the event clients are unable to trade a market or a security 
3.3.1 Details of FTSE Russell’s treatment can be accessed using the following link:  
Index_Policy_in_the_Event_Clients_are_Unable_to_Trade_a_Market_or_a_Security.pdf  
3.4 Recalculation policy and guidelines 
3.4.1 Where an inaccuracy is identified, FTSE Russell will follow the steps set out in the FTSE Russell Index 
Recalculation Guidelines when determining whether an index or index series should be recalculated and/or 
associated data products reissued. Users of the Russell US Equity Indexes will be notified through 
appropriate media. 
For further information refer to the FTSE Russell Recalculation Policy and Guidelines document , which is 
available from the FTSE Russell website using the link below or by contacting info@ftserussell.com.  
Equity_Index_Recalculation_Policy_and_Guidelines.pdf 
3.5 Policy for benchmark methodology changes 
3.5.1 Details of FTSE Russell’s policy for making benchmark methodology changes can be accessed using the 
following link: 
Policy_for_Benchmark_Methodology_Changes.pdf 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  8 of 50 
3.6 FTSE Russell governance framework 
3.6.1 To oversee its indexes, FTSE Russell employs a governance framework that encompasses product, service 
and technology governance. The framework incorporates the London Stock Exchange Group’s three lines of 
defence risk management framework and is designed to meet the requirements of the IOSCO Principles for 
Financial Benchmarks3, the European benchmark regulation4 and the UK benchmark regulation5. The FTSE 
Russell Governance Framework can be accessed using the following link:  
FTSE_Russell_Governance_Framework.pdf 
3.7 Real Time Status Definitions 
3.7.1 For indexes which are calculated in real time, please refer to the following guide for details of real time 
status definitions: 
Real_Time_Status_Definitions.pdf  
 
 
 
3 IOSCO Principles for Financial Benchmarks Final Report, FR07/13 July 2013. 
4 Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indexes used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds. 
5 The Benchmarks (Amendment and Transitional Provision) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 . 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  9 of 50 
Section 4 
Basic methodology 
 
4. Basic methodology 
4.1.1 Russell indexes are objectively constructed and based on transparent rules. The broadest US index is the 
Russell 3000E Index, which contains the largest 4,000 US companies. Sub-indexes in the Russell 3000E 
Index are broken out by market capitalization and style. 
4.1.2 The members of the Russell 3000E Index and its subsets are determined during semi-annual reconstitution 
and enhanced quarterly with the addition of initial public offerings (IPOs).  
4.2  Reconstitution 
4.2.1 Reconstitution is the process by which all Russell indexes are completely rebuilt. Reconstitution is a vital 
part of the creation of a benchmark that accurately represents a particular market segment. Companies may 
get bigger or smaller over time or periodically undergo changes in their style characteristics. Reconstitution 
ensures that companies continue to be correctly represented in the appropriate Russell indexes. 
4.2.2 On the rank day, all eligible securities are ranked by their total market capitalization. The largest 4,000 
become the Russell 3000E Index and the other Russell US indexes are determined from that set of 
securities. If there are not 4,000 eligible securities in the US market, the entire eligible set is included.  
4.2.3 Reconstitution occurs on the fourth Friday in June and the second Friday in December. A full calendar for 
reconstitution is published each spring, although the guidelines that define the schedule are available in 
Appendix F along with the differences between semi-annual reconstitutions..  
4.3 Initial public offerings 
4.3.1 Eligible initial public offerings (IPOs) are added to Russell indexes quarterly in accordance with the schedule 
in section 6. In addition, sizeable IPOs are eligible for fast entry (see section 4.3.5) FTSE Russell adds IPOs 
each quarter to ensure that new additions to the institutional investing opportunity set are reflected in 
representative indexes. FTSE Russell focuses on IPOs each quarter because it is important to reflect 
market additions between reconstitution periods. Companies filing an initial publ ic offering registration 
statement (or the local equivalent when outside the US) and listing within the same quarter* on an eligible 
US exchange are reviewed for eligibility regardless of previous trading activity (exceptional or unique events 
may induce extraordinary treatment, which will be communicated appropriately). Companies currently 
trading on foreign exchanges or OTC markets will be reviewed for eligibility if:  
– the company files an IPO statement for an eligible US exchange; and 
– the offering is announced to the market and confirmed by our vendors as an IPO. 
* A one-month window will be used to ensure that companies submitting the requisite filings just outside of 
the quarter are not excluded from eligibility. 
To ensure that the requisite number of shares are available to satisfy the inclusion criteria and to ensure an 
accurate company weighting within the index calculation, FTSE Russell will distinguish between fully 
guaranteed IPOs, variable/best effort IPOs and direct listing IPOs as follows:  
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  10 of 50 
4.3.2 Fully guaranteed IPOs (i.e. underwritten) 
– The free float is assigned based on the post IPO shareholder structure contingent on this information 
being publicly available and disclosed in the appropriate filings prior to the IPO rank date. Otherwise, the 
free float will be based on the number of shares publicly offered at the time of the IPO. 
4.3.3 Variable/best effort/direct listing IPOs 
– Variable, best effort and direct listing IPOs will be considered for index inclusion at the next quarterly 
review if, by the IPO cut-off date, a public disclosure* (which has been published post IPO) is available 
confirming the IPO updated shareholder structure. Index inclusion remains subject to meeting all other 
eligibility criteria. If the post IPO shareholder structure has not been disclosed by the IPO cut -off date, the 
evaluation of the company will be deferred to the subsequent quarterly review. If no  disclosure is 
published prior to the IPO cut-off date of the following quarter, the company will be evaluated at 
Reconstitution only (and inclusion will remain contingent on the above disclosures )**. 
**For illustration purposes: 
For the December reconstitution, a variable, best effort or direct listing IPO, which listed in October of the 
same year, will be required to disclose, post IPO, its updated shareholder structure by the December 
review IPO cut-off (i.e. 31 October).  
If there is no disclosure prior to this date, the company will not be eligible for inclusion at the December 
reconstitution and will be reassessed at the next review in March.  
If a published post IPO shareholder structure is not published prior to the March review IPO cut -off (i.e. 
31 January), the company will no longer be considered as a potential IPO addition and will instead be 
evaluated during the next reconstitution process only.  
For the avoidance of doubt: 
– shares that are locked up during the IPO will be considered for inclusion within the free float of a 
company only once the lock up has expired; and 
– green shoes (underwriter overallotment options) will only be considered for inclusion within the free float 
of a company once the green shoe has been exercised and publicly confirmed (confirmation must be 
available on or prior to the rank date). 
4.3.4 SPAC IPOs 
– Companies that conduct their initial public offering via a de-SPAC transaction will only be considered for 
potential inclusion following the expiry of the longest stated lock-up.  Former SPACs will be evaluated at 
the quarterly review following the expiry of the longest stated lock-up (where expiration occurs prior to 
the IPO rank date). 
– If an unlisted special purpose acquisition company (“SPAC”) has its longest lock-up expire, acquires a 
target company, becomes an eligible company structure and files an IPO registration statement and lists, 
all in the same quarterly window, then the company will be considered an IPO for the purposes of index 
inclusion.  
– If an unlisted SPAC files an IPO registration statement has its longest lock-up expire, lists, acquires a 
target company and becomes an eligible company structure, then files another registration statement, all 
in the same quarterly window, then the company will be considered an IPO. If a listed SPAC (which listed 
prior to the current quarterly window) acquires a target company and subsequently files another 
registration statement, the company will not be considered an IPO. 
4.3.5 Fast entry IPOs 
– IPOs with an investable market capitalization of greater than the market adjusted total market 
capitalization breakpoint for the Russell Top 500 as of the previous reconstitution will be eligible for 
potential fast entry inclusion. Breakpoints are established at the semi-annual reconstitution and will be 
market-adjusted and published quarterly.  See section 6.8.1 below for a description of market 
adjustments. 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  11 of 50 
– The investable market capitalization for the purposes of evaluating fast entry will be determined using the 
shares offered in the IPO (including any over-allotments if confirmed before the first day of trading) and 
the price at market close on the first trading day.  If shares being offered within the IPO are identified as 
being taken up by restricted holders, these will be removed from the investable market capitalization 
calculation.      
– The calculation to determine that the minimum free float requirement has been met, will be based on the 
total share capital issued by the company and the post IPO shareholder structure.  
– IPOs with less than 5% free float and/or voting rights at the time of the initial public offering, will be 
deemed eligible if within 12 months from the date of index inclusion, the company is estimated to surpass 
the minimums due to the expiry of lock ups of otherwise available shares. For the avoidance of doubt:  
The investable market capitalization calculation for potential fast entry inclusion will not include the 
locked up shares and the locked-up shares will not be included in the index at the time of fast entry. 
– Eligible fast entry IPOs will be added after the close of the fifth day of trading following the initial listing 
(FTSE Russell will provide notice confirming effective date).  
– Fast entry IPOs with an effective addition date falling within lock-down period (schedule found in 
Appendix F) will be implemented in conjunction with the scheduled rebalance.     
– Fast entry IPOs must be fully guaranteed (i.e. underwritten) and IPOs structured as variable, best efforts, 
and direct listings are not eligible for fast entry inclusion. 
 
 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  12 of 50 
Section 5 
Defining eligible securities 
 
5. Defining eligible securities 
5.1.1 Russell US indexes capture approximately 99% of the US equity market and 100% of the investable US 
market. Below are the requirements for securities’ inclusion in the Russell US indexes. 
5.2 Determining US companies 
5.2.1 Historically, asset owners have diversified their risk by assigning assets to specific countries. Some 
companies incorporate in a specific country for tax reasons, while some companies choose better access 
to capital. Therefore, to most closely track country risk, FTSE Russell uses objective criteria to assign 
companies to the US equity market. All companies that are determined to be part of the US equity market 
are included in the Russell US indexes. 
5.3 Home-country indicators (HCIs) 
5.3.1 If a company incorporates in, has a stated headquarters location in and also trades on a standard 
exchange6 in the same country (ADRs and ADSs are not eligible), the company is assigned to its country of 
incorporation. FTSE Russell refers to these three factors as home country indicators, or HCIs. The HCIs are 
as follows:  
1. country of incorporation; 
2. country of headquarters; and 
3. country of the most liquid exchange as defined by two-year average daily Dollar trading volume (ADDTV) 
from all exchanges within a country. 
If any of the three HCIs do not match, FTSE Russell then uses these HCIs to guide in the decision of 
country assignment  
5.3.2 After the HCIs are defined, the next step in the country assignment involves an analysis of assets by 
location. FTSE Russell cross-compares the primary location of the company’s assets with the three HCIs. If 
the primary location of assets matches ANY of the HCIs, then the company is assigned to its primary asset 
location (see Appendix B for specifics on the definition of primary asset/revenue location).  
5.3.3 If there is not enough information to determine a company’s primary location of assets, FTSE Russell uses 
the primary location of the company’s revenue for the same cross-comparison and assigns the company to 
the appropriate country in a similar fashion. FTSE Russell uses an average of two years of assets or 
revenue data for analysis to reduce potential turnover.  
5.3.4 If conclusive country details cannot be derived from assets or revenue, FTSE Russell assigns the company 
to the country in which its headquarters are located unless the country is a benefit driven incorporation (BDI) 
country (see Appendix B for a list of BDI countries). If the country in which its headquarters are located is a 
BDI, the company is assigned to the country of its most liquid stock exchange.  
 
6 Standard exchanges are considered to be those listed in Appendix A ‘Eligible Exchanges and Market Segments’ of the FTSE Global Equity Index Series Ground Rules  as well as 
the Toronto Stock Exchange venture market. 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  13 of 50 
5.3.5 If a company is designated as a Chinese N share, it will not be considered for inclusion within the Russell 
US Indexes. An N share is a company incorporated outside of mainland China that trades on the New York 
Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ Exchange or the NYSE American. An N share will have a headquarters or 
principle executive office or its establishment in mainland China, with the majority of its revenue or assets 
derived from the PRC. Further information regarding the designation of N shares is available w ithin 
Appendix B. 
5.4 Share descriptions 
5.4.1 For a description of Chinese share classes please see the Guide to Chinese Share Classes document , 
which can be accessed using the following link: 
Guide_to_Chinese_Share_Classes.pdf 
5.4.2 The definitions these share classes are reviewed annually in September.  
5.5 Steps to determining US country assignment 
STEP 1 Is the company incorporated in, traded in and 
headquartered in one unique country? 
YES – classified in the unique 
country 
NO – move to Step 2 
STEP 2 Are the company’s reported assets primarily 
located in one of the HCIs? 
YES – classified in the country of 
primary assets 
NO – move to Step 3 
STEP 3 Are the company’s reported revenues primarily 
derived from one of the HCIs? 
YES – classified in the country of 
primary revenue 
NO – move to Step 4 
STEP 4 Is the company headquartered in a non-BDI 
country? 
YES – classified in the country of 
headquarters 
NO – assigned to primary 
exchange country 
Note: if the company does not trade on a major US exchange, it is not eligible. 
Example 1: XYZ company 
HCIs: Incorporation: US 
Headquarters: China 
Trading locations: US UK Hong Kong (most liquid exchange: US) 
Asset location: 100% in Canada 
STEP 1 Is the company incorporated in, traded in and 
headquartered in one unique country? 
NO – move to Step 2  
STEP 2 Are the company’s reported assets primarily 
located in the one of the HCIs? 
NO – Canada 
move to Step 3 
 
STEP 3 Are the company’s reported revenues primarily 
located in one of the HCIs? 
NO – no data 
Move to Step 4 
 
STEP 4 Is the company headquartered in a non-BDI 
country? 
YES – China CLASSIFICATION: China 
 
Example 2: ABC company 
HCIs: Incorporation: Ireland 
Headquarters: Ireland 
Trading locations: US, Ireland, Germany (most liquid exchange: US) 
Asset location: 85% in US 
STEP 1 Is the company incorporated in, traded in and 
headquartered in one unique country? 
YES – Ireland Assigned to Ireland 
 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  14 of 50 
Example 3: DEF Company 
Incorporation: Canada 
Headquarters: Dual Headquarters in Canada and US 
Listings: Canada and US (most liquid) 
In the above case the company will be assigned to Canada under Step 1 as it is incorporated, listed and 
headquartered in Canada, no HCIs need to be determined. In this example the determination would be the 
same regardless of whether the US was the location of the principal executive offices (provided Canada was 
still called out as a headquarters within company filings).  
5.6 Trading requirements 
5.6.1 All securities eligible for inclusion in Russell US indexes must trade on an eligible US exchange. Bulletin 
board, pink sheet or over the counter (OTC) traded securities are not eligible for inclusion, including 
securities for which prices are displayed on the FINRA ADF. 
5.7 Exchange and segment requirements 
5.7.1 In construction of its equity indexes, FTSE Russell reviews each exchange considering closing mechanism, 
availability of real-time prices, regulatory requirements for each exchange segment, settlement, trading rules 
and recognition of the exchange by the governing regulatory body. Following r eview of US exchanges, the 
following markets are deemed eligible. There is no minimum number of securities required for the Russell 
US indexes.  
Eligible US exchanges: CBOE, NYSE, NYSE American, NYSE ARCA, NASDAQ. 
5.8 Minimum closing price 
5.8.1 A stock must have a close price at or above $1.00 (on its primary exchange) on rank day to be considered 
eligible for inclusion. In order to reduce unnecessary turnover, if an existing index member’s closing price is 
less than $1.00 on rank day, it will be considered eligible if the average of the daily closing prices (from its 
primary exchange) during the 30 days prior to the rank date is equal to or greater than $1.00. If an existing 
index member does not trade on the rank day, it must price at $1.00 or above on another eligible US 
exchange to remain eligible. A stock added during the quarterly IPOs process is considered a new index 
addition and therefore must have a close price on its primary exchange at or above $1.00 on the last day of 
the IPO eligibility period in order to qualify for index inclusion. 
5.9 Minimum total market capitalization 
5.9.1 Companies with a total market capitalization less than $30 million are not eligible for inclusion in Russell 
US indexes. 
5.10 Minimum available shares/float requirement 
5.10.1 Companies with only a small portion of their shares available in the free float as defined by FTSE Russell 
are not eligible for the Russell indexes. Companies with less than an absolute 5% of shares available will be 
removed from eligibility. (4.9999% or less of shares available is considered ineligible for all tests in Section 
5). See Section 7: Adjustments to Members’ Shares Outstanding (Float) for details on calculations of 
available shares.  Fast entry eligible IPOs may be added with less than 5% float if locked-up shares expiring 
within 12 months from the date of index inclusion are expected to increase the float to meet the 5% 
minimum free float requirement. 
5.11 Company structure 
5.11.1 Companies structured in the following ways are excluded from inclusion in Russell indexes: royalty trusts, 
US limited liability companies, closed-end investment companies (as a point of clarification: companies that 
are required to report acquired fund fees and expenses as defined by the SEC, including business 
development companies, are not eligible for inclusion), blank-cheque companies, special-purpose 
acquisition companies (SPACs), and limited partnerships. Exchange traded funds (ETFs) and mutual funds 
are also excluded. 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  15 of 50 
5.12 UBTI screening 
5.12.1 Companies that produce unrelated business taxable income (UBTI) are restricted from ownership for tax -
exempt investors. In recognition of this, FTSE Russell screens all REITs and publicly traded partnerships 
(PTPs), removing any security from eligibility that generates or has historically generated UBTI and has not 
taken steps to block UBTI to equity holders. The research process is conducted as part of FTSE Russell ’s 
semi-annual rebalance effort. Additional screening will not be assessed or changed outside  of the 
reconstitution period. Information used to confirm UBTI impact includes the following publicly available 
sources: 10-K, SEC Form S-3, K-1, company annual report, dividend notices or company website. 
5.12.2 For UBTI to be passed to a security holder, the UBTI must be produced by the company directly. UBTI 
incurred by a subsidiary will not be realised by the holder of the parent entity and would not require removal 
of the parent company from eligibility. 
5.12.3 If a company restructures to block UBTI, they will remain eligible for index inclusion. Acceptable forms of 
restructure are as follows: 
1. formal creation of a shell entity or offshore vehicle ensuring that any dividend payment is void of 
UBTI; and 
2. if within a public filing (SEC filing, dividend disclosure, press release) the company declares that any 
UBTI producing assets have been sold AND no future intent to purchase UBTI producing assets exists. 
This declaration of intent must clearly state that the company’s past investment strategy has changed, 
and the intent is to remove the exposure of UBTI to the end holder. 
5.13 Shares excluded 
5.13.1 The following share types are not eligible for inclusion: preferred and convertible preferred stock, 
redeemable shares, participating preferred stock, warrants, rights, depositary receipts, instalment receipts 
and trust receipts. 
5.14 Deadline for inclusion 
5.14.1 Stocks must be listed on the rank day and FTSE Russell must have access to documentation on that date 
supporting the company’s eligibility for index inclusion. This includes corporate description, verification of 
incorporation, number of shares outstanding and other information needed to determine eligibility. IPOs will 
be considered for index inclusion on a quarterly basis. Within the Russell US and derived indices, a 
company emerging from bankruptcy protection or insolvency will be re-considered for index inclusion at the 
next semi-annual reconstitution (i.e. there will be no 12 month exclusion). 
The Rank Day occurs on the last business day of April for the June reconstitution and the last business day 
of October for the December reconstitution. Membership eligibility is determined using public information 
available on the Rank Day and market capitalizations calculated at market close.  
5.15 Minimum voting rights 
5.15.1 Companies are required to have 5% or greater of the company’s voting rights (aggregated across all of its 
equity securities, including, where identifiable, those that are not listed or trading) in the hands of 
unrestricted shareholders or they will be deemed ineligible for index inclusion. Shares ref erenced as non-
voting or provide legally minimum rights only will be viewed as having no voting power as it relates to the 
minimum voting rights review. Fast entry eligible IPOs may be added with less than 5% voting rights if 
locked-up shares expiring within 12 months from the date of index inclusion are expected to increase voting 
rights to meet the minimum 5% voting rights requirement. 
5.15.2 Minimum voting rights were required beginning in 2017, with existing companies grandfathered for 5 years. 
As of reconstitution 2023, all companies with less than 5% voting rights have been removed.  
5.15.3 The percentage of a company’s voting rights in public hands is calculated as:  
The number of votes in the hands of shareholders that are unrestricted as determined
by the application of FTSE Russell free float definitions
The total number of votes conferred by the shares oustanding of all the company′s
voting securities including those that have not been admitted to trading on a regulated venue
 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  16 of 50 
For example, company A has 100m listed class A shares each conferring one vote, free float is 65%. It also 
has 300m unlisted class B shares each conferring 10 votes. 
The test to assess whether the listed class A line has the required 5% or greater of the company’s voting 
rights is as follows (5.0000% or greater of the company’s voting rights in public hands will be considered 
eligible): 
65m (i. e. 100m Class A voting rights ∗ 65% float)
3.1bn (i. e. 100m Class A + 3bn Class B
= 2.097% of the company′s voting rights in public hands
 
5.16 Chess Depository Interests (CDI’) 
Securities with exposure to CDIs will be assessed as of cut-off date for the index reviews. If a new addition 
has 40% or greater free float shares in the form of CDIs, the CDIs will be treated as restricted and CDI 
shares will be removed from free float in line with the review implementation.  Once CDI shares have been 
restricted for a name, the CDI restriction will be carried forward throughout its inclusion. For existing 
members, any security with unrestricted CDI exposure of 50% or greater of its free float shares in the form 
of CDIs will have its shares adjusted to restrict the portion of shares represented in the form of CDIs at the 
subsequent review.  For the avoidance of doubt, US common shares will remain eligible in this case subject 
to them meeting all other index eligibility requirements (e.g. minimum 5% available shares and minimum 5% 
voting rights). 
 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  17 of 50 
Section 6 
Defining membership by size 
Market capitalization 
 
6. Defining membership by size 
6.1.1 FTSE Russell calculates the total market capitalization of each security to determine whether it is large 
enough for inclusion in one or more of the Russell indexes. Total market capitalization is determined by 
multiplying total outstanding shares by the market price as of the rank day for those securities being 
considered at reconstitution.  
6.2 Determining total shares outstanding  
6.2.1 Common stock, non-restricted exchangeable shares and partnership units/membership interests (in certain 
cases – see below) are used to calculate a company’s total market capitalization. Exchangeable shares are 
shares that may be exchanged at any time, at the holder’s option, on a one-for-one basis for common stock. 
Membership or partnership units/interests represent an economic interest in a limited liability company or 
limited partnership. FTSE Russell includes membership or partnership units/interests as part of total market 
capitalization when the company in question is merely a holding company of an underlying entity that issues 
membership or partnership units/interests and when these membership units are the company ’s sole asset. 
This is not to be confused with operating partnership units that are issued in conjunction with UPREITs. In 
these cases, total market capitalization will be calculated based on 100% of the value of all membership 
interests. 
6.2.2 Any other form of shares – such as preferred or convertible preferred stock, redeemable shares, 
participating preferred stock, warrants, rights, instalment receipts or trust receipts – are excluded from the 
calculation. If multiple share classes of common stock exist, they are combined to determine total shares 
outstanding. In cases where the common stock share classes act independently of each other (e.g. t racking 
stocks), each class is considered for inclusion separately. 
6.2.3 Stapled units and other paired share structures are considered eligible for index inclusion, unless an 
underlying component of the stock is an ineligible security type (e.g. convertible debt).  
6.3 Determining price 
6.3.1 During reconstitution, the last price traded on the primary exchange on the rank day is used to determine 
market capitalization. 
6.4 Corporate actions impacting reconstitution ranking 
6.4.1 For merger and spin-off transactions that are effective between rank day and the business day immediately 
before the index lock down takes effect ahead of the reconstitution , the market capitalizations of the 
impacted securities are recalculated and membership is reevaluated as of the effective date of the corporate 
action. For corporate events that occur during the reconstitution lock down period (which take effect from the 
open on the first day of the lock-down period onwards), market capitalizations and memberships will not be 
reevaluated. Non-index members that have been considered ineligible as of rank day will not be reevaluated 
in the event of a subsequent corporate action that occurs between rank day and the reconstitution effective 
date. 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  18 of 50 
6.5 Reconstitution 
6.5.1 If an eligible company trades under multiple share classes, FTSE Russell will review each share class 
independently for US index inclusion. Share classes in addition to the primary share class (pricing vehicle) 
that meet the following minimum size, liquidity and float requirements will also be eligible: 
– size: must have a total market cap larger than $30 million; 
– liquidity: average daily Dollar trading value (ADDTV) must exceed that of the global median, which is 
determined each reconstitution rank day by ranking all securities in investable countries by ADDTV. As of 
the reconstitution 2026 rank date, the global median ADDTV was USD 175,000; and 
– float: must have 5% or greater of shares available in the free float as defined by FTSE Russell (5.000% 
or greater shares available to be considered eligible). 
6.5.2 For reconstitution ranking purposes, all share classes for a company, including unlisted shares will be 
aggregated and considered total shares outstanding. Total shares are multiplied by the primary exchange 
close price of the pricing vehicle and used to determine the company’s total market capitalization for the 
purpose of ranking of companies and determination of index membership. If no volume exists on the primary 
exchange on the rank day, the last trade price from an eligible secondary exchange will be used where 
volume exists (using the lowest last trade price above $1 if multiple secondary markets exist). Rank will be 
determined based on cumulative market capitalization. As of reconstitution 2016, share classes not 
qualifying for eligibility independently will not be aggregated with the pricing vehicle within the available 
shares calculation.  
6.5.3 For companies with multiple share classes, the pricing vehicle will be designated as the share class with the 
highest two-year trading volume as of the rank day. In the absence of two years’ worth of data, all available 
data will be used for this determination. If the difference between trading volumes for each share class is 
less than 20%, the share class with the most available shares outstanding will be used as the pricing 
vehicle. At least 100-day trading volume is necessary to consider the class as a pricing vehicle for existing 
members. New members will be analyzed on all available data, even if that data is for less than 100 days. If 
applicable, shares held across different share classes will be represented on a mathematically equivalent 
basis (e.g. conversion ratios between share classes will be considered). 
Due to replication issues related to Berkshire Hathaway Class A (BRK.A) share price, BRK.A shares will be 
aggregated with the primary share class rather than considered for membership separately.  
6.5.4 Growth, value, defensive and dynamic probabilities will be based on that of the pricing vehicle and assigned 
consistently across all additional share classes.  
6.6 Corporate actions 
6.6.1 If a company distributes shares of an additional share class to its existing shareholders through a mandatory 
corporate action, FTSE Russell will evaluate the additional share class for separate index membership. The 
new share class will be deemed eligible if the market capitalization of the distributed shares meets minimum 
size requirement (above the minimum market capitalization breakpoint defined as the smallest member of 
the Russell 3000E Index from previous rebalance, adjusted for performance to date.)  Index membership of 
additional share classes that are added due to corporate actions will mirror that of the pricing vehicle, as will 
style and stability probabilities. If the distributed shares of an additional share class do not meet eligibility 
requirements, they will not be added to the index (the distributed shares may be added to the index 
temporarily until they are settled and listed to enable index replication).  
6.7 IPOs 
6.7.1 Between reconstitution periods, FTSE Russell will review for index inclusion any share class in addition to 
that of the pricing vehicle that is made available via IPO as per the quarterly IPO inclusion methodology 
described in section 4. Additional share classes will be considered eligible if the following conditions are 
met:  
– size: must have a total market cap larger than that of the smallest company in the Russell 3000E Index 
as of the previous reconstitution, adjusted for performance; 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  19 of 50 
– liquidity: ADDTV must exceed that of the global median, which is determined each reconstitution rank 
day by ranking all securities in investable countries by ADDTV. As of the reconstitution 202 6 rank date, 
the global median ADDTV was USD 175,000; and 
– float: must have 5% or greater of shares available in the free float as defined by FTSE Russell. (5.000% 
or greater of shares available to be considered eligible) 
6.7.2 Additional share classes introduced via IPO that do not meet eligibility requirements will not be added to the 
index and subsequently reviewed for index membership during the next annual reconstitution.  
6.8 Initial public offerings (IPOs) 
6.8.1 IPOs are added to Russell indexes based on total market capitalization ranking within the market-adjusted 
capitalization breaks established during the most recent reconstitution. Country assignment determination 
is made using data provided in prospectuses or other filings. Market adjustments to the capitali zation 
breaks from the prior reconstitution are made using the returns of the broad market Russell 3000E Index. 
Market adjustment is made for performance between rank dates. See Appendix F for cut -off dates. Eligible 
IPOs will be added to Russell’s growth/value indexes using their sub-sector  average style (see Rule 8.1 for 
methodology if sub-sector has less than 5 members) probability established at the latest reconstitution. All 
IPOs entering the index outside of reconstitution are assigned as 100% dynamic  within the Russell Stability 
Indexes. IPOs entering the index during reconstitution are reviewed for Russell Stability Index assignment 
and probabilities are calculated using the methodology described in section 8. 
6.9 Russell US Equity Indexes timing of IPO additions 
6.9.1 The IPO rank date is the last business day of the first month of each quarter (January, April, July, October, 
respectively).  Accordingly, IPOs which price/trade between rank day + 1 of the previous cycle and rank day 
of the current cycle will be considered for inclusion as part of the quarterly review. Quarterly IPO additions in 
March and September will be announced on the Friday four weeks prior to implementation, with additions 
becoming effective after the close of the third Friday of the review month.  IPO additions in June and 
December will be implemented in conjunction with the semi-annual rebalances, which will become effective 
on the fourth Friday in June and the second Friday in December. These changes are announced five weeks 
prior to implementation for the June review and four weeks prior to the December review. 
Note: once IPO additions have been announced, an IPO may be added to the index prior to the previously 
announced schedule. If a corporate action has deemed this to be appropriate and notice can be provided 
(e.g. an index member automatically receives shares via a stock distribution into a projected IPO add).  
In order to be added during a quarter outside of reconstitution, an IPO must meet all Russell US Index 
eligibility requirements. Additionally, the IPO must meet the following criteria on the rank day fo r the 
quarterly additions: (1) it is priced and traded; and (2) it ranks larger in total market capitalization than the 
market-adjusted smallest company in the Russell 3000E Index as of the latest June reconstitution. See 
Appendix F for calculations. 
6.10 Determining index membership 
6.10.1 Once the market capitalization for each security is determined by use of total shares and price (as described 
above), each security is placed in the appropriate Russell market capitalization-based index. The largest 
4,000 securities become members of the Russell 3000E Index. If eligible securities total less than 4,000, the 
Russell 3000E and Russell Microcap Index will include all eligible securities. The other index capitalization 
breaks remain unchanged. All remaining indexes are a subset of this index. A market capitalization 
breakpoint is determined by the break between the companies below. 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  20 of 50 
Index 
Companies included 
(based on descending total market capitalization) 
Russell 3000E Index Companies #1-4,000 or 100% of the eligible securities 
Russell 3000 Index Companies #1-3,000 
Russell Top 50 Mega Cap Index Companies #1-50 
Russell Top 200 Index Companies #1-200 
Russell Top 500 Index Companies # 1-500 
Russell 1000 Index  Companies #1-1,000 
Russell Midcap Index Companies #201-1,000 
Russell 2000 Index Companies #1,001-3,000 
Russell 2500 Index  Companies #501-3,000 
Russell Microcap Index Companies #2,001-4,000  
Russell Top Indexes Top 10, 20, and 100 companies 
 
6.10.1 To avoid unnecessary turnover at reconstitution, a band is placed around market capitalization breakpoint to 
ensure companies near the breakpoint demonstrate material and sustained growth or decline. Companies 
that fall near the market capitalization breakpoints are often still within a manager’s opportunity set, since 
they have not significantly grown or declined in market capitalization.  
6.10.2 After the initial market capitalization breakpoints are determined by the ranges listed above, new members 
are assigned based on the breakpoints and existing members of the Russell 3000 are reviewed to 
determine if they fall within the cumulative band.   If an existing Russell 3000 member’s market cap falls 
within any cumulative band around market capitalization breakpoints, it is subject to that band.  Banding 
only applies to members of the Russell 3000.  Therefore, members of the Russell Microcap, ex -Russell 
2000, are treated as new adds and not subject to banding.   
Breakpoint Cumulative band 
Stock #50 None 
Stock #200 ±2.5% 
Stock #500 ±2.5% 
Stock #1,000 ±2.5% 
Stock #2,000 ±0.5% 
Stock #3,000 None 
Stock #4,000 or 100% of the eligible securities None 
 
6.10.3 Exceptions: there will be no percentile banding at the bottom of the Russell 3000 Index (stock 3,000) or the 
Russell 3000E Index (stock 4,000) and no percentile banding for the Top 50 Mega Cap (banding is applied 
to the top 200 (5%) and the top 500 (5%)). In addition, due to the small market cap percentage, the Russell 
Microcap Index will be banded at 1% around stock 2,000. There will be no percentile banding for the Russell 
Top Indexes. 
6.11 Steps in calculating percentile ranges of the new index 
1. Sort the Russell 3000E Index members in descending order by total market capitalization. 
2. Calculate the total market capitalization of the Russell 3000E Index by summing all members’ total 
market capitalizations. 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  21 of 50 
3. Calculate percentiles for each company in the Russell 3000E Index by dividing the cumulative market 
cap associated with each member by the total market cap of the Russell 3000E.  
4. Calculate a range of five percentiles around the newly determined market cap breakpoints by 
subtracting, and then adding, 2.5% from/to the calculated percentile of the market cap breakpoint.  
Example 
Assume the market capitalization of security 1,000 is $2 billion (i.e., the breakpoint between the Russell 
1000 and the Russell 2000). Current members of the Russell 1000 Index that are smaller than $2 billion are 
slated to be moved to the Russell 2000, while current members of the Russe ll 2000 that are larger than $2 
billion are slated to be moved to the Russell 1000. However, since they are current members, they are 
further assessed for the magnitude of their differences from the market capitalization breakpoint. 
Illustration 
1. Sort the new Russell 3000E Index members by descending market capitalization (see below). 
2. Calculate the total market capitalization of the Russell 3000E Index. Assume for illustration purposes 
that the index = $182,500 ($M). (Note: total market cap has been dramatically reduced for simpler 
illustration.)  
3. Calculate percentiles for each company (see below). 
4. Calculate a five-percentile range around the $2 billion market cap percentile (89.99 for this illustration):  
a. 89.99 - 2.5 = 87.49  
b. 89.99 + 2.5 = 92.49 
Range = 87.49% - 92.49% 
Rank Company 
Current R1 
member 
Current R2 
member 
Company 
Market cap ($M) 
Cumulative 
market cap 
Cumulative 
percentile 
New index 
membership 
995 XYZ company Y N $2,115 $154,000 84.38% R1 
996 ABC company N Y $2,105 $156,105 85.54% R1 
997 Drugstore Inc. Y N $2,100 $158,205 86.69% R1 
998 PYK Shipping N Y $2,011 $160,216 87.79% R2 
999 Z Technology N Y $2,010 $162,226 88.89% R2 
1,000 RE Trust N Y $2,000 $164,226 89.99% R2 
1,001 Foods Inc. Y N $1,995 $166,221 91.08% R1 
1,002 PETs and more N Y $1,950 $168,171 92.15% R2 
1,003 RYT Inc. Y N $1,923 $170,094 93.20% R2 
 
Therefore, the market capitalization of current Russell 2000 Index members PYK Shipping, Z Technology 
and RE Trust have not changed significantly enough to require a membership move into the Russell 1000, 
and current Russell 1000 Index member Foods Inc.’s market capitalization has not changed significantly 
enough to require a membership move out of the Russell 1000 (although it is smaller than $2 billion). These 
companies remain in their current indexes. 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  22 of 50 
6.12 Russell Magnificent 7 Index 
The Russell Magnificent 7 Index includes the following stocks (and includes all eligible share classes in the 
Russell US Indexes, e.g. Alphabet Class A and C):  
Alphabet 
Amazon 
Apple 
Meta 
Microsoft 
Nvidia 
Tesla 
 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  23 of 50 
Section 7 
Float 
Adjustments to member’s shares outstanding 
 
7. Float 
7.1.1 After membership is determined, a security’s shares are adjusted to include only those shares available to 
the public. This is often referred to as “free float.” The purpose of this adjustment is to exclude from market 
calculations the capitalization that is not available for purchase and is not part of the investable opportunity 
set. Stocks in the Russell US indexes are weighted by their available (also called float-adjusted) market 
capitalization, which is calculated by multiplying the primary closing price by the available shares. 
Adjustments to shares are reviewed at reconstitution, during quarterly update cycles and for corporate 
actions such as mergers.  During the June reconstitution, free float is fully reviewed, determined, and 
applied. During the December reconstitution, free float is updated only for material changes, consistent with 
the quarterly review process 
Full details of the free float adjustments applied to the Russell US Indexes can be found within the 
following guidelines: 
Free_Float_Restrictions.pdf 
 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  24 of 50 
Section 8 
Determining style 
 
8. Determining style 
8.1.1 Each company’s style classification is set annually during the June reconstitution. For the December review, 
style probabilities will be calculated for new additions and for any current member migrating to a new 
capitalization family (the Russell 1000 and Russell 2000, and the smallest 1,000 in Russell Microcap) .  For 
the avoidance of doubt, all other current members that retain the same index membership between the June 
and December review will have their style probability retained for the December review implementation.   
8.1.2 To ensure proper style classifications of new members (new adds and migrating members), the entire style 
calculation process is applied at both semi-annual reconstitutions, including the calculations of a new 
banded CVS for all securities. At June reconstitution, banding applies the December CVS for securities 
classified in December and the June CVS for securities that retained their prior style probability  (see section 
8.2.4 for CVS and 8.8 for banding). 
8.1.3 FTSE Russell uses a “non-linear probability” method to assign stocks to the growth and value style valuation 
indexes, and to assign stocks to the defensive and dynamic Russell Stability Indexes®. 
8.2 Russell growth and value indexes 
8.2.1 FTSE Russell uses three variables in the determination of growth and value. For value, book -to-price (B/P) 
ratio is used, while for growth, two variables—I/B/E/S forecast medium-term growth (two-year) and sales per 
share historical growth (five year) are used.  
8.2.2 The term “probability” is used to indicate the degree of certainty that a stock is value or growth, based on its 
relative book-to-price (B/P) ratio, I/B/E/S forecast medium-term growth (two year) and sales per share 
historical growth (five year). This method allows stocks to be represented as having both growth and value 
characteristics, while preserving the additive nature of the indexes.  
8.2.3 The process for assigning growth and value weights is applied separately to the stocks in the Russell 1000 
and Russell 2000 and to the smallest 1,000 stocks in the Russell Microcap Index Research indicates that on 
average, valuations of small stocks differ from those of large stocks. Treating the Russell 1000, Russell 
2000 and smallest Russell Microcap stocks separately prevents the possible distortion to relative valuations 
that may occur if the Russell 3000E is used as the base index. 
8.2.4 For each base index (the Russell 1000 and Russell 2000, and the smallest 1,000 in Russell Microcap), 
stocks are ranked by their book-to-price ratio (B/P), their I/B/E/S forecast medium-term growth (two year) 
and sales per share historical growth (five year). These rankings are converted to standardised units, where 
the value variable represents 50% of the score and the two growth variables represent the remaining 50%. 
They are then combined to produce a composite value score (CVS). Stocks are then ranked by  their CVS 
and a probability algorithm is applied to the CVS distribution to assign growth and value weights to each 
stock. In general, a stock with a lower CVS is considered growth, a stock with a higher CVS is considered 
value and a stock with a CVS in the middle range is considered to have both growth and value 
characteristics and is weighted proportionately in the growth and value index. Stocks are always fully 
represented by the combination of their growth and value weights; e.g. a stock that is given a 20% weight in 
a Russell value index will have an 80% weight in the corresponding Russell growth index  (prior to the 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  25 of 50 
application of any index weight capping). Style index assignment for non-pricing vehicle share classes will 
be based on that of the pricing vehicle and assigned consistently across all additional share classes.  
8.2.5 Effective at the open of March 24, 2025, the standard Russell US Style Indexes listed in rule 1.3.3. apply a 
quarterly capping methodology. For full details see the FTSE Russell Capping Methodology. Indexes with 
“Benchmark” in the index names are the uncapped versions of the style indexes. Prior to March 24, 2025, 
the index history for the growth or value “Benchmark” index is identical to that of its respective standard 
Russell US Style Index.  
8.3 Russell defensive and dynamic indexes 
8.3.1 The Russell Stability Indexes add a Third Dimension of Style™ to the Russell Style Indexes7. Stability is 
measured in terms of volatility (price and earnings), leverage and return on assets. Stability indexes are 
created in a similar fashion as the growth and value indexes in that they involve splitting an existing 
applicable Russell index in half based on the combination of the stability indicators. The more stable 
half of the split is called “defensive,” and the less stable half is called “dynamic.”  
8.3.2 The Russell Defensive Indexes® measure the performance of companies that have relatively stable 
business conditions which are less sensitive to economic cycles, credit cycles and market volatility based on 
their stability indicators. The Russell Dynamic Indexes® measure the performance of companies that have 
relatively less stable business conditions and are more sensitive to those market cycles.  
8.3.3 For each base index (Russell 1000 and Russell 2000), there are five specific fundamentals used to 
determine the probability of being defensive or dynamic: debt/equity, return on assets (ROA), earnings 
variability and total return volatility (52 week and 60 month). Among other things, a company has risks 
related to balance sheet leverage, economic cycles and industry/product cycles, and weaknesses in its 
business model. FTSE Russell uses debt/equity ratios as a proxy for risks related to balance sheet 
leverage. Earnings variability is used as a proxy for risks related to economic cycles and industry/product 
cycles. Return on assets (ROA) is used as a proxy for risks related to the strength of a company’s business 
model. The final component used as an indicator of a company’s risk is the volatility of its stock’s returns. 
Total return volatility reflects aspects of a company’s stability or risk not captured by the other three inputs to 
a company’s stability probability. Stability index assignment for non-pricing vehicle share classes will be 
based on that of the pricing vehicle and assigned consistently across all additional share classes.  
8.3.4 Using the non-linear style algorithm, companies with high stability probabilities are included in the Russell 
Defensive Indexes. Companies with low stability probabilities are included in the Russell Dynamic Indexes.  
8.3.5 FTSE Russell has assigned the label “quality” to the score, resulting from an equal weight of the three 
accounting-based indicators (earnings variability, debt/equity ratios and ROA). Together, these three 
indicators comprise 50% of the stability probability. The “volatility” score makes up the other half of the 
stability probability and is based on an equal weight of the past 52 weeks of the stock price’s weekly 
volatility and the past 60 months of the stock price’s monthly volatility. The volatility and quality variables are 
gathered annually (as of rank). 
8.3.6 A company may be included in both the defensive and dynamic indexes based on its stability probability. 
However, the number of shares for each index will be divided based on its stability probability. The total 
shares will be the same as the parent index. 
 
7 To clarify, the June 2020 rebalance was applied using the legacy RGS style substitution. New ICB became the official sector s cheme for the index from September 2020. New 
additions/IPOs used the new ICB average for missing variables following the June 2020 review (September 2020 quarterly). The first rebalance that was implement fully using the 
new ICB scheme was the June 2021 annual reconstitution. 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  26 of 50 
 
8.4 Quality score (comprises 50% of the overall stability probability) 
8.4.1 There are three stability indicators that comprise the quality score – debt/equity, pre-tax ROA and earnings 
variability. Each indicator comprises one third of the quality score. 
8.4.2 Debt/equity: the debt/equity ratio is based on the most recent quarterly SEC filing.  
8.4.3 Pre-Tax ROA: the pre-tax ROA is based on the last year’s pre-tax income divided by the average of the 
assets for the previous year ((current assets + same quarter one year prior)/2).  
8.4.4 Earnings variability: the earnings variability computation uses quarterly EPS for the previous five years. It 
is based on the standard error of the linear earnings-per-share (EPS) trend regression. The rationale for 
using the standard error is that if there is a trend in the EPS over time, then the trend itself should not 
contribute to EPS variability. The standard error is then dividend by the median EPS (of the 20 
observations). This scaling normalises the information to make each company directly comparable to other 
companies regardless of the relative level of EPS.  
8.4.5 Negative (or zero) EPS numbers are included in the standard error calculation ; however, a negative or zero 
median EPS value will not be used to calculate EPS variability. Rather, EPS variability is excluded in the 
analysis and set to zero/dynamic. Assigning this value is equivalent to characteri sing the company has 
having very high earnings variability. 
8.4.6 If there are less than 20 observations for EPS (or standard error is equal to zero), it is considered NULL and 
standard error will not be calculated (see missing variables below). 
8.5 Volatility score (comprises 50% of the overall stability probability) 
8.5.1 Total return volatility (standard deviation) is measured over two horizons: over the previous year and over 
the previous five years. Each indicator represents one half of the volatility score.  
8.5.2 52-week price volatility (one year): the one year-volatility is the standard deviation based on the 52 
weekly returns that end on the last Friday prior to rank.  
8.5.3 60-month price volatility (five year): trailing five-year volatility is the standard deviation based on monthly 
returns. Thus, for a score based on 30 April, 2023 data, the five-year volatility is based on the 60 monthly 
returns for the period that starts on 30 April, 2018 and ends on 30 April, 2023. 
Earnings 
variability 
weight: 33%
Leverage
Weight: 33%
Return on
assets
weight: 33%
52-week 
total return
volatility
weight: 50%
60-month 
total return
volatility
weight: 50%
Scoring Scoring Scoring Scoring Scoring
Quality score
weight: 50%
Total return
volatility score
weight: 50%
Stability 
probability
(0-1)
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  27 of 50 
8.6 Description of non-linear probability algorithm 
8.6.1 Stock A, in figure 1, is a security with 20% of its available shares assigned to the value index and the 
remaining 80% assigned to the growth index. The growth and value (or defensive and dynamic) probabilities 
will always sum to 100% (prior to the application of any index weight capping). Hence, the sum of a stock’s 
market capitalization in the growth and value index will always equal its market capitalization in the Russell 
1000 Index, Russell 2000 Index, or Russell Microcap Index. 
 
In figure 1, the quartile breaks are calculated such that approximately 25% of the available market 
capitalization lies in each quartile. Stocks at the median are divided 50% in each style index. Stocks below 
the first quartile are 100% in the growth index. Stocks above the third quartile are 100% in the value index. 
Stocks falling between the first and third quartile breaks are in both indexes to varying degrees, depending 
on how far they are above or below the median and how close they are to the first or third qua rtile breaks. 
8.7 5% rule 
8.7.1 Roughly 70% of the available market capitalization is classified as all-growth or all-value (or all-defensive 
or all-dynamic). The remaining 30% of stocks have some portion of their market value in either the value or 
the growth index (or defensive and dynamic), depending on their relative distance from the median value 
score. The astute observer may note that since the percentage of capitalization between the first quartile 
and the third quartile is 50%, we would expect that 50% of the capitalization would be found in both indexes. 
What happened to the 20% (i.e. 50% to 30%)? The source for the disappearance of the 20% is our decision 
to institute a small position cutoff rule. If a stock’s weight is more than 95% in one style index, we increase 
its weight to 100% in that index. This rule eliminates many small weightings and makes passive 
management easier. 
8.8 Banding rule 
8.8.1 In an effort to mitigate unnecessary turnover, FTSE Russell implements a banding methodology at the 
composite value score (CVS) level of the growth and value style algorithm. If a company’s CVS change from 
the previous reconstitution is ≤ to +/- 0.10 AND if the company remains in the same core index (Russell 
1000 or Russell 2000), then the CVS remains unchanged during the next reconstitution process. Keeping 
the CVS static for these companies does not mean the probability (growth/valu e) will remain unchanged in 
all cases due to the relation of a CVS score to the overall index. However, this banding methodology has 
proved to reduce turnover caused by smaller, less meaningful movements while continuing to allow the 
larger, more meaningful changes to occur, signalling a true change in a company’s relation to the market. 
8.9 Market capitalization of growth/value “Benchmark” and defensive/dynamic indexes 
8.9.1 The market capitalization of the growth and value style indexes, as well as that of the defensive and 
dynamic stability indexes, may not each equal 50% of their base index. At first glance, this seems 
counterintuitive, since the methodology uses capitalization-weighted medians and quartiles, which in turn 
implies that 50% of the capitalization is above and 50% is below the median. However, asymmetry in the 

Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  28 of 50 
capitalization distributions within the second and third quartiles results in a skewed distribution of CVS. 
When CVS is normally distributed, 50% will be in each index. 
8.10 Missing values, negative values or low coverage 
8.10.1 For valuation styles (growth and value), stocks with missing or negative values for B/P, or missing values for 
I/B/E/S growth (negative IBES medium-term growth is valid), or missing sales per share historical growth 
(five year) (six years of quarterly numbers are required), are allocated by using the mean value score of the 
base index (Russell 1000, Russell 2000, Russell Microcap) (ICB) subsector, sector, supersector or industry 
group into which the company falls. Each missing (or negative B/P) variable is substituted with the 
subsector, sector, supersector or industry group independently. A subsector must have five members or the 
substitution reverts to the next level, sector, supersector and then industry.  This method was found to 
produce the fewest distortions and it has the added advantage of being very simple. In addition, a weighted 
value score is calculated for securities with low analyst coverage for I/B/E/S medium -term growth. For 
securities with coverage by a single analyst, 2/3 of the Subsector, Sector, Supersector or Industry group 
value score is weighted with 1/3 the security’s independent value score. For those securities with coverage 
by two analysts, 2/3 of the independent security’s value score is used and only 1/3 of the Subsector, Sector, 
Supersector or Industry group is weighted. For those securities with at least three analysts contributing to 
the I/B/E/S medium-term growth, 100% of the independent security’s value score is used. 
8.10.2 For stability indexes (defensive and dynamic), if the quality or volatility indicator is not available, the 
company receives a stability score for that indicator of 0.25. Since zero is the worst possible score and one 
is the best, this conservative assumption mandates that missing data will result in a lower -than-average 
stability probability.  
Russell non-linear probability algorithm 
 
XL – Lower breakpoint 
XM – Median 
XU – Upper breakpoint 
 

Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  29 of 50 
Section 9 
Corporate action-driven changes 
 
9. Timing and treatment of corporate actions 
9.1.1 FTSE Russell applies corporate actions to its indexes daily, both to reflect the evolution of securities and to 
ensure that the indexes remain highly representative of the US equity market. A company’s index 
membership and its weight in the index can be impacted by these corporate actions. FTSE Russell uses a 
variety of reliable public sources to determine when an action is final, including a company’s press releases 
and regulatory filings, local exchange notifications and official updates from other data providers FTSE 
Russell deems trustworthy. Prior to the completion of a corporate action, FTSE Russell estimates the 
effective date based on the same above sources. As new information becomes available, FTSE Russell 
may revise the anticipated effective date and the terms of the corporate action, before ultimately confirming 
its effective date.  
9.1.2 Depending upon the time an action is determined to be final, FTSE Russell either (1) applies the action 
before the open on the ex-date or (2) applies the action providing appropriate notice, referred to as a 
“delayed action” (see specific action types for details on timing and procedure). The timing of when 
corporate actions are applied is critical for accurate market representation and it impacts tracking for 
passive managers. FTSE Russell believes this methodology strikes the best balance between the two.  The 
impact of the action and the effective date will be communicated to clients on a regular schedule, via the 
daily cumulative change files and the corporate action calendar. For a schedule and sample of notifications, 
see Appendix C.  
9.1.3 For the purposes of index calculation, FTSE Russell generally applies the most recently available market 
prices to the index for corporate action adjustments. FTSE Russell will only use exchange provided 
estimates and price adjustments in the absence of market prices and if the exchange provided estimate 
is deemed to be appropriate.  
9.1.4 If FTSE Russell has confirmed the completion of a corporate action, scheduled to become effective 
subsequent to a rebalance; the event may be implemented in conjunction with the rebalance to limit 
turnover, providing appropriate notice can be given. Example: company ABC is scheduled to be added 
or continue as an existing member at rebalance. A tender offer is confirmed to be completed two days 
following the rebalance effective date. FTSE Russell will provide appropriate notice of this index change 
per our normal procedures and will remove company ABC at the rebalance effective date.  
9.2 “No replacement” rule 
9.2.1 Securities that leave the index for any reason (e.g. mergers, acquisitions or other similar corporate activity) 
are not replaced. Thus, the number of securities in the indexes over the year will fluctuate according to 
corporate activity. 
Full details of changes to constituent companies due to corporate actions can be accessed in the Corporate 
Actions and Events Guide using the following link: 
Corporate_Actions_and_Events_Guide.pdf 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  30 of 50 
9.3 Changes to shares outstanding and free float 
9.3.1 To maintain representativeness and maximise the available investment opportunity for index managers, the 
Russell US Indexes will be reviewed quarterly for updates to shares outstanding and to free floats used 
within the index calculation. The changes will be implemented at the close of the market within each of the 
quarterly review processes; third Friday of March, fourth Friday in June (unless the last Friday occurs on the 
29th or 30th, when reconstitution will occur on the Friday prior), third Friday in September and second 
Friday in December.  
9.3.2 For the June review, no buffers will be observed for ranking total capitalization or implementation of free 
float changes (i.e. float updates will be implemented regardless of size as buffers will not be applied).  
9.3.3 For the December review, no buffers will be observed for ranking total capitalization.  However, free float 
updates will be implemented with observation of the 3% buffers.   
9.3.4 Both the March and September quarterly review processes will apply buffers on both share and float 
changes to reflect the following:  
– changes greater than 1% for cumulative shares in issue changes; 
– changes greater than three percentage points for cumulative free float changes*. 
*A constituent with a free float of 15% or below will not be subject to the three-percentage points threshold 
and will instead be updated if the change is greater than one percentage point. For example, Company B 
with a free float of 8% would trigger a change if its free float moved to above 9% or below 7%.  
9.3.5 Quarterly updates will be triggered by vendor changes and confirmed appropriately, as of the cut -off for new 
information that occurs on the last business of the month in January, April, July and October respectively. 
9.3.6 Outside of the quarterly update cycle, shares and free float will be updated with at least two days’ notice if 
occasioned by primary or secondary offerings IF: 
– there is a USD one billion investable market cap change related to a primary/secondary offering 
measured by multiplying the change to index shares by the subscription price;  
OR  
– there is a resultant 5% change in index shares related to a primary or secondary offerings AND a USD 
250 million investable market cap change measured by multiplying the change to index shares by the 
subscription price.  
The pricing date will serve as the trigger for implementation within the FTSE Russell US indexes, i.e. once 
FTSE Russell is aware that an offering has priced (confirmed via an appropriate publicly disclosed 
announcement or filing), the update will be implemented with two days’ notice from market close (contingent 
on the thresholds described above being triggered).  
9.3.7 If discovery of the pricing date occurs more than two days after the pricing date, the update will be deferred 
until the next quarterly review. 
9.3.8 Free float and share changes resulting from corporate events will not be subject to the buffers as detailed 
above and will be implemented in line with the event Corporate Actions and Events Guide.  
9.3.9 For primary offerings: there will be no change to the free float with any potential updates being deferred to 
the next quarterly review. For example, in the event an existing restricted shareholder is diluted as a 
consequence of the primary offering, any change to free float will be made at the next quarterly update 
subject to a review of the shareholder structure at that time. 
9.3.10 For secondary offerings: if the shares being offered were previously restricted, entirely or partially, the free 
float will be adjusted accordingly, otherwise there will be no change to the free float with any potential 
updates being deferred to the next quarterly review. Where all the previously restricted shares are solely 
being offered to another restricted holder then there will be no change to free float. 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  31 of 50 
9.3.11 Secondary offerings are defined as share offerings of existing shares made directly by the company; by the 
company on behalf of selling shareholders; or offerings by shareholders themselves if the appropriate filings 
have been submitted. 
9.3.12 Share and free float changes resulting from activity such as private placements, exercise of warrants and 
expiry of lockups will be deferred to the next quarterly review. 
 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  32 of 50 
Appendix A 
Index tickers and base values 
 
Russell index CUSIP RIC 
Bloomberg 
symbol 
price return 
Bloomberg 
Symbol 
total return AMEX ETF 
Russell 1000®  .RUI RIY RU10INTR  IWB 
Russell 1000® Mini  .RUI.M RXU    
Russell 1000® Value  .RLV RLV RU10VATR RLV IWD 
Russell 1000® Growth  .RLG RLG RU10GRTR RLG IWF 
Russell 1000® Value Benchmark   .RLVB RU1VB RU10VBTR     
Russell 1000® Growth Benchmark   .RLGB RU1GB RU10GBTR     
Russell 1000® Defensive Index®  .RU1000DF RU1000DF    
Russell 1000® Dynamic Index®  .RU1000DY RU1000DY    
       
Russell 2000® 12483510 .RUT RTY RU20INTR  IWM 
Russell 2000® Mini  .RUT.M     
Russell 2000® Value  .RUJ RUJ RU20VATR RUJ IWN 
Russell 2000® Growth  .RUO RUO RU20GRTR RUO IWO 
Russell 2000® Value Benchmark   .RUJB RU2VB RU20VBTR     
Russell 2000® Growth Benchmark   .RUOB RU2GB RU20GBTR     
Russell 2000® Defensive Index®  .RU2000DF RU2000DF    
Russell 2000® Dynamic Index®  .RU2000DY RU2000DY    
       
Russell 3000®  .RUA RAY RU30INTR  IWV 
Russell 3000® Mini  .RUA.M     
Russell 3000® Value  .RAV RAV RU30VATR RAV IWW 
Russell 3000® Growth  .RAG RAG RU30GRTR RAG IWZ 
Russell 3000® Value Benchmark   .RAVB RU3VB RU30VBTR     
Russell 3000® Growth Benchmark   .RAGB RU3GB RU30GBTR     
Russell 3000® Defensive Index®  .RU3000DF RU3000DF    
Russell 3000® Dynamic Index®  .RU3000DY RU3000DY    
       
Russell 2500™  .R25I R2500 RU25INTR  SMMD 
Russell 2500™ Value  .R25IV R2500V RU25VATR   
Russell 2500™ Growth  .R25IG R2500G RU25GRTR   
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  33 of 50 
Russell index CUSIP RIC 
Bloomberg 
symbol 
price return 
Bloomberg 
Symbol 
total return AMEX ETF 
Russell 2500™ Value Benchmark   .R25IVB R2500VB RU25VBTR     
Russell 2500™ Growth Benchmark   .R25IGB R2500GB RU25GBTR     
Russell 2500™ Defensive Index®  .RU2500DF RU2500DF    
Russell 2500™ Dynamic Index®  .RU2500DY RU2500DY    
       
Russell Midcap®  .RMCC RMC RUMCINTR RMC IWR 
Russell Midcap® Value  .RMCCV RMV RUMCVATR RMV IWS 
Russell Midcap® Growth  .RMCCG RDG RUMCGRTR RCG IWP 
Russell Midcap® Value Benchmark   .RMCCVB RMIDVB RUMCVBTR     
Russell Midcap® Growth Benchmark   .RMCCGB RMIDGB RUMCGBTR     
Russell Midcap® Defensive Index®  .RUMCAPDF RUMCAPDF    
Russell Midcap® Dynamic Index®  .RUMCAPDY RUMCAPDY    
       
Russell Top 200®  .RT200 R200 RUTPINTR RTL IWL 
Russell Top 200® Value  .RT200V R200V RUTPVATR RVA IWX 
Russell Top 200® Growth  .RT200G R200G RUTPGRTR RTS IWY 
Russell Top 200® Value Benchmark   .RT200VB R200VB       
Russell Top 200® Growth 
Benchmark 
  .RT200GB R200GB       
Russell Top 200® Defensive Index®  .RUT200DF RUT200DF    
Russell Top 200® Dynamic Index®  .RUT200DY RUT200DY    
       
Russell Small Cap Completeness®  .RSCC RSCC RSCCINTR   
Russell Small Cap Completeness® 
Value 
 .RSCCV RSCCV RSCCVATR   
Russell Small Cap Completeness® 
Growth 
 .RSCCG RSCCG RSCCGRTR   
Russell Small Cap Completeness® 
Value Benchmark 
  .RSCCVB RSCCVB       
Russell Small Cap Completeness® 
Growth Benchmark 
  .RSCCGB RSCCGB       
       
Russell Top 50® Mega Cap  .RU50 RTOP50 RUTP50TR   
       
Russell Microcap®  .RUMIC RMICRO RUTPMCTR  IWC 
Russell Microcap® Value  .RUMICV RMICROV RUMRVATR   
Russell Microcap® Growth  .RUMICG RMICROG RUMRGRTR   
Russell Microcap® Value Benchmark   .RUMICVB   RUMRVBTR     
Russell Microcap® Growth 
Benchmark 
  .RUMICGB         
 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  34 of 50 
The index value is the result of compounding daily (or monthly) return percentages, where the starting value of the 
index is equal to the base value and base date. Returns between any two dates can then be derived by dividing the 
ending period index value (IV1) by the beginning period (IV0) index value. 
(Return = [(IV1/IV0) –1]*100). 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  35 of 50 
 Calculated end of day Calculated real time * 
Index Base date/value History start date Base date/value History start date 
Russell 1000® 12/31/78 = 100.00 12/31/78 12/31/86 = 130.00 12/31/86 
Russell 1000® Value 12/31/90 = 100.00 12/31/78 08/31/92 = 200.00 08/31/92 
Russell 1000® Growth 12/31/90 = 100.00 12/31/78 08/31/92 = 200.00 08/31/92 
Russell 1000® Value 
Benchmark 
12/31/90 = 100.00 12/31/978 08/31/92 = 200.00 08/31/92 
Russell 1000® Growth 
Benchmark 
12/31/90 = 100.00 12/31/78 08/31/92 = 200.00 08/31/92 
Russell 1000® Defensive 12/31/10 = 1000.00 7/1/96 NA NA 
Russell 1000® Dynamic 12/31/10 = 1000.00 7/1/96 NA NA 
     
Russell 2000® 12/31/78 = 100.00 12/31/78 12/31/86 = 135.00 12/31/86 
Russell 2000® Growth 05/31/93 = 1000.00 12/31/78 03/16/00 = 500.00 03/16/00 
Russell 2000® Value 05/31/93 = 1000.00 12/31/78 03/16/00 = 500.00 03/16/00 
Russell 2000® Growth 
Benchmark 
05/31/93 = 1000.00 12/31/78 03/16/00 = 500.00 03/16/00 
Russell 2000® Value 
Benchmark 
05/31/93 = 1000.00 12/31/78 03/16/00 = 500.00 03/16/00 
Russell 2000® Defensive 12/31/10 = 1000.00 7/1/96 NA NA 
Russell 2000® Dynamic 12/31/10 = 1000.00 7/1/96 NA NA 
     
Russell 3000® 12/31/78 = 100.00 12/31/78 12/31/86 = 140.00 12/31/86 
Russell 3000® Growth 05/31/95 = 1000.00 12/31/78 03/16/00 = 700.00 03/16/00 
Russell 3000® Value 05/31/95 = 1000.00 12/31/78 03/16/00 = 700.00 03/16/00 
Russell 3000® Growth 
Benchmark 
05/31/95 = 1000.00 12/31/78 03/16/00 = 700.00 03/16/00 
Russell 3000® Value 
Benchmark 
05/31/95 = 1000.00 12/31/78 03/16/00 = 700.00 03/16/00 
Russell 3000® Defensive 12/31/10 = 1000.00 7/1/96 NA NA 
Russell 3000® Dynamic 12/31/10 = 1000.00 7/1/96 NA NA 
     
Russell Midcap® 12/31/78 = 100.00 12/31/78 08/31/92 = 200.00 08/31/92 
Russell Midcap® Growth 12/31/85 = 100.00 12/31/85 03/16/00 = 500.00 03/16/00 
Russell Midcap® Value 12/31/85 = 100.00 12/31/85 03/16/00 = 500.00 03/16/00 
Russell Midcap® Growth 
Benchmark 
12/31/85 = 100.00 12/31/85 03/16/00 = 500.00 03/16/00 
Russell Midcap® Value 
Benchmark 
12/31/85 = 100.00 12/31/85 03/16/00 = 500.00 03/16/00 
Russell Midcap® Defensive 12/31/10 = 1000.00 7/1/96 NA NA 
Russell Midcap® Dynamic 12/31/10 =1000.00 7/1/96 NA NA 
     
Russell Top 200® 12/31/78 = 100.00 12/31/78 03/16/00 = 400.00 03/16/00 
Russell Top 200® Growth 12/31/85 = 100.00 12/31/85 03/16/00 = 400.00 03/16/00 
Russell Top 200® Value 12/31/85 = 100.00 12/31/85 03/16/00 = 400.00 03/16/00 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  36 of 50 
 Calculated end of day Calculated real time * 
Index Base date/value History start date Base date/value History start date 
Russell Top 200® Growth 
Benchmark 
12/31/85 = 100.00 12/31/85 03/16/00 = 400.00 03/16/00 
Russell Top 200® Value 
Benchmark 
12/31/85 = 100.00 12/31/85 03/16/00 = 400.00 03/16/00 
Russell Top 200® Defensive 12/31/10 = 1000.00 7/1/96 NA NA 
Russell Top 200® Dynamic 12/31/10 =1000.00 7/1/96 NA NA 
     
Russell 2500 12/31/90 = 100.00 12/31/78 11/30/03 = 200 11/30/03 
Russell 2500 Growth 05/31/95 = 1000.00 12/31/85 11/30/03 = 200 11/30/03 
Russell 2500 Value 05/31/95 = 1000.00 12/31/85 11/30/03 = 200 11/30/03 
Russell 2500 Growth 
Benchmark 
05/31/95 = 1000.00 12/31/85 11/30/03 = 200 11/30/03 
Russell 2500 Value 
Benchmark 
05/31/95 = 1000.00 12/31/85 11/30/03 = 200 11/30/03 
Russell 2500 Defensive 12/31/10 = 1000.00 7/1/07 NA NA 
Russell 2500 Dynamic 12/31/10 =1000.00 7/1/07 NA NA 
     
Russell Small Cap 
Completeness® 
3/31/99 = 1000.00 12/31/79 11/30/03 = 500 11/30/03 
Russell SCC Growth 3/31/99 = 1000.00 12/31/79 11/30/03 = 500 11/30/03 
Russell SCC Value 3/31/99 = 1000.00 12/31/79 11/30/03 = 500 11/30/03 
Russell SCC Growth 
Benchmark 
3/31/99 = 1000.00 12/31/79 11/30/03 = 500 11/30/03 
Russell SCC Value Benchmark 3/31/99 = 1000.00 12/31/79 11/30/03 = 500 11/30/03 
     
Russell Top 50® Mega Cap  12/31/01 = 1000.00 3/21/05 915.03 3/18/05 
     
Russell Microcap® Index 6/24/05 = 1000.00 6/30/00 9/25/05 = 300 9/25/05 
Russell Microcap® Growth  6/30/06 = 1000.00 6/30/00 NA  
Russell Microcap® Value  6/30/06 = 1000.00 6/30/00 NA  
Russell Microcap® Growth 
Benchmark 
6/30/06 = 1000.00 6/30/00     
Russell Microcap® Value 
Benchmark 
6/30/06 = 1000.00 6/30/00     
     
Russell 3000E Index 6/24/05 = 1000.00 6/24/05 NA 12/31/86 
*Prior to 13 January, 2014, some Russell US real-time indexes were calculated by Refinitiv. 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  37 of 50 
Appendix B 
Country assignment methodology 
details 
 
Home country indicators (HCIs) 
– Country of incorporation 
– Country of headquarters 
– Country of most liquid exchange as defined by the two-year average daily Dollar trading volume (ADDTV) 
Headquarters: FTSE Russell defines headquarters as the address of principal executive offices. For those companies 
reporting in the US, FTSE Russell uses the SEC filings to determine the location of headquarters. For those companies 
reporting outside of US reporting requirements, multiple vendor sources and independent Russell research are used. In 
a case where multiple headquarters are listed on the SEC filings and a home country indicator (HCI) needs to be 
determined, FTSE Russell will research the headquarters designated as the principal executive offices and assign the 
HCI for headquarters to that location.  If multiple headquarter offices are reported and no differentiation exists (e.g. no 
principal executive office is designated or multiple headquarters are identified as principal executive offices) , 
headquarters will be assigned to the headquarters’ country with the highest average daily trading volume. If the HCI for 
headquarters cannot be determined (for example, if there is no trading in any headquarters location), the two remaining 
HCIs are used. For the avoidance of doubt, companies that do not list a headquarter location, the remaining HCI’s will 
be used.  This treatment is similar to a Benefit Driven Incorporation where an inconclusive result from asset and 
revenue testing would result in a default to location of most liquid exchange. 
Asset/revenue data sources and requirements defined: assets and revenues data are retrieved from the 
company’s annual reports (10-Ks, 20Fs, 40Fs, or prospectuses in the case of IPOs) as of the rank day. Any filings 
published after that date are not used. FTSE Russell will use an average of two years of assets or re venues data to 
reduce potential turnover. However, if only one year of data is available (a company either starts or stops reporting by 
location) one year of data will be used. The two-year average will be calculated using the percentage by county/region 
in the previous year and the percentage by country/region in the current year.  
Assets and revenue reporting 
Assets and/or revenue found in the text or table of the geographical segment section of the filing is given preference 
over other information in the filing. Assets and/or revenue must be reported as numbers or percentages , which allow 
us to confirm substantial tolerance is met or stating ALL assets/revenue come from a specific country will be used to 
designate primary country of risk. Footer notes within the geographical segment section which include numbers and/or 
percentages which evidence that the required tolerance is met will be accepted to confirm location of assets and/or 
revenues. Asset and revenue data must be reported as positive values only. Any case where negative asset or 
revenue data is reported for the most recent financial year, FTSE Russell will conclude that the asset or revenue test 
for the company is inconclusive and proceed to the next steps within the nationality determination. If the most recent 
yearly values are positive but year prior data includes negative values, one year data will be used for f determination. In 
addition, “substantially all” or “majority of” assets and/or revenue will be considered as acceptable confirmatory 
statements.  
FTSE Russell gives preference to long-lived/long-term assets over total assets if both are listed. However, either type 
will be used prior to reviewing revenue.  
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  38 of 50 
If intangible assets are reported separately as part of a total assets table, FTSE Russell removes intangibles from 
consideration. In other words, preference is given to tangible assets. 
Total and net revenue are both considered. If both exist in table form, total takes precedent.  
When a BDI is present within regional reporting, FTSE Russell will attribute any assets or revenues to the non-BDI 
HCIs only. When a BDI has reported country level data, it will be tested as a location, but the test would be considered 
inconclusive if assets or revenues pointed to the single BDI since  nationality cannot be assigned to a BDI.   
Country versus regional reporting 
– If both country and regional are reported, regional reporting will be considered inconclusive . 
– If a company changes their detailed level of reporting (country to regional or regional to country), FTSE Russell first 
utilises the more detailed level of reporting, but also reviews the less detailed reporting to ensure accuracy and 
monitor current trends.  
– The majority of assets or revenue is determined by looking at the absolute difference between the percentages. 
– A 20% difference is required to confirm if, for example, one country has 44% and another has 24% (44% – 24% = 
20%). 
– A 20% difference is not used to confirm if one country is listed at 30% and another is 36%, because the difference is 
only 6% (36% is 20% larger than 30%, but again, FTSE Russell compares the absolute difference between 
percentages to confirm thresholds are met). 
– The same principle applies when comparing regions or a combination of single country and region (i.e. 
assets/revenues for country must be an absolute 20% greater than single region).  
Company reports by Requirements to be determined majority* 
Country:  
(used when more than one country is reported) 
Total assets and/or revenues for HCI country is 20 percentage points greater than that 
of any other reported country. 
Region:  
(used when more than one region is reported) 
Total assets and/or revenues for region containing only one HCI country is greater 
than 20 percentage points of any other reported region. 
Combination of single country and region: Total assets/revenues for HCI country are greater than 20 percentage points of any 
reported region. 
Combination of single country or single region and 
rest of the world: 
Total assets/revenue for (country or region) HCI is 40 or more percentage points of the 
total assets/revenues.  
No, or insufficient, data available: Defaults to headquarters or most liquid exchange if BDI country. 
* Majority of assets/revenue is determined by the absolute difference between those percentages. For example, 20% difference would be achieved if assets were 44% in 
one country and 20% in another. 20% difference would NOT be recogni sed if country one was 30% and country two was 20% higher at 36%.  
Benefit-driven incorporation countries, no domestic exchange countries and US Territories 
No domestic exchange (NDEs) countries Benefit driven incorporation (BDIs) countries 
Falkland Islands Anguilla Faroe Islands 
Liechtenstein Antigua and Barbuda Gibraltar 
Monaco Aruba Guernsey 
Suriname Bahamas Isle of Man 
 Barbados Jersey 
 Belize Liberia 
 Bermuda Marshall Islands 
 Bonaire Panama 
 British Virgin Islands Saba 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  39 of 50 
 Cayman Islands Sint Eustatius 
 Channel Islands Sint Maarten 
 Cook Islands Turks and Caicos Islands 
 Curacao  
 
US territories 
A US HCI is assigned for any company incorporated or headquartered in a US territory. This includes countries such 
as: Puerto Rico, Guam and US Virgin Islands. 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  40 of 50 
Example by country  
Home country indicators: incorporated in US, headquartered in China, most liquid exchange US. 
Country 
Year one assets/revenues 
($USD in millions) 
Year one calculated 
percentage 
US 6 30.00% 
China 3 15.00% 
Country 3 3 15.00% 
Country 4 3 15.00% 
Country 5 3 15.00% 
Country 6 2 10.00% 
Total $20M 100.00% 
Results: total assets/revenues from the US are NOT 20 percentage points greater than that from any other individual 
country. Assuming assets and revenues are equal this example defaults to headquarters.  
Example by region 
Home country indicators: incorporated in the US, headquartered in UK, most liquid exchange is the US. 
Region 
Year one assets/revenues 
($USD in millions) 
Year one calculated 
percentage 
North America 6 37.50% 
Europe 2 12.50% 
Asia 2 12.50% 
Middle East 2 12.50% 
Africa 2 12.50% 
South America 2 12.50% 
Total $16M 100.00% 
Results: total assets/revenues for North America are 20 percentage points greater than that from any other region. 
Also, the HCI countries are in different regions. Country assignment is the US. 
Example by single country and rest of the world combination:  
Home country indicators: incorporated in UK, headquartered in the US, most liquid exchange is the US. 
Reporting 
Year one assets/revenues 
($USD in millions) 
Year one calculated 
percentage 
US 10M 77.00% 
All other countries 3M 23.00% 
Total $13M 100.00% 
Results: total US assets/revenues comprise more than 40% of the total assets/revenues. Country assignment is  
the US. 
China N share designation 
A US-listed company is not eligible for inclusion within the Russell US Indexes if it has been classified by FTSE Russell 
as a China N share on the rank date of the index reconstitution. For a description of Chinese share classes , please see 
the “Guide to Chinese Share Classes” document, which can be accessed using the following link: 
Guide_to_Chinese_Share_Classes.pdf 
The definitions these share classes are reviewed annually in March. 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  41 of 50 
Appendix C 
Sample client notification 
 
Timely communication regarding the impact of corporate events on the Russell US indexes is vital for passive 
managers tracking the indexes. For this reason, FTSE Russell provides a calendar of predictive corporate action 
events and provides a daily schedule of e-mail notifications to Premier subscribers. The calendar provides a forecast of 
actions expected to complete in the next two weeks and their anticipated effective dates. In addition, throughout the 
day, e-mail notifications are sent to clients regarding actions that are completing on the current and following market 
days. The status flag will indicate the likelihood that an action will be effective for the day. A final flag indicates that the 
action is confirmed as final. Notifications follow the schedule below. However, any information that becomes available 
between the scheduled times will be sent immediately. See Appendix D for a description regarding predictive 
index data.  
Schedule of notifications* 
Time of notification (Eastern Time) Content of notification 
10:00 a.m. Actions effective after the close of the current day and the following day, both preliminary and final, 
are included. 
2:00 p.m. Final actions effective after the close of the current day and anticipated actions and final actions for 
the following day. Note: a notification is sent regardless of whether a change has occurred since 
the 10:00 a.m. notice.  
6:30 p.m. Actions anticipated to take effect after the close of the following day. 
* Note: on days when the markets close early only, one report is generated, which will serve as final notice. The report will be delivered an hour and a half prior to 
market close. 
Sample report 
 

Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  42 of 50 
How to read e-mail notifications 
Status:  P = preliminary; estimation based on available information. 
F = final; effective date has been confirmed. 
Effective date:  The effective date refers to the date the action will occur after the close/before the open. A 
manager would want to put in a “market on close” order for the day of the effective date.  
Action: Add = addition of a name and shares to the applicable index. 
Delete = deletion of name and corresponding shares in applicable index. 
Share change = Increase or decrease in shares only. Name remains. 
Reasons: Acquisition/merger 
Delisted 
Spin-off 
IPO 
 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  43 of 50 
Appendix D 
Predictive index data 
 
Any security level detail contained within the report that has not yet reached its effective date for processing across the 
index represents the most recent and best available information. Events that have not yet reached their effective date 
are subject to change as regulatory agencies, parties involved in the action and market terms may be updated prior to 
final effective date and should be considered predictive data (“predictive index data”). The information should be 
considered preliminary until the effective date has been reached. FTSE Russell reserves the right to update or change 
details of the action or update to effective date. 
The predictive index data is being provided for informational purposes only and may be used solely for evaluation 
purposes. FTSE Russell and its third-party licensors do not warrant or make any representations regarding the use, or 
the results of use, of the predictive index data, or any data included therein or any security (or combination thereof) 
comprising the predictive index data. The recipient, and not FTSE Russell or its third-party licensors, assumes the 
entire risk as to such use, results of use and the performance of the predictive index data and any such data or 
securities and will be fully responsible for any uses, and consequences thereof, of the predictive index data by you or 
anyone obtaining access thereto from or through you.  
FTSE RUSSELL’S DISTRIBUTION OF THE PREDICTIVE INDEX DATA IN NO WAY SUGGESTS OR IMPLIES AN 
OPINION BY FTSE RUSSELL OR ITS THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS AS TO THE ATTRACTIVENESS OF 
INVESTMENT IN ANY OR ALL OF THE SECURITIES TO WHICH THE PREDICTIVE INDEX DATA RELATES.  
 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  44 of 50 
Appendix E 
Performance algorithms 
 
Calculation of a synthetic position or a “delayed action” 
Stock/stock plus cash actions between members. The closing price of the acquired company will be adjusted to 
capture the performance of the newly formed entity, according to the merger terms.  
Adjusted closing price calculation:  
= (acquiring company closing price per share * stock terms) + cash offer per share  
Stock-only example: on trading day, company A, a member of the Russell 1000, acquires company B, a member of 
the Russell 2000, at the acquisition terms of 1:5 shares. Based on the time of final notification from the exchange, 
Russell classifies this as a “delayed action.” Therefore, for an entire trading day, company B remains a member of the 
Russell 2000, although the action has been finalised and technically company B no longer trades. At the close of that 
day, company B’s price is adjusted to mimic the terms of the deal and capture the performance of company A. After the 
close, company B is removed from the Russell 2000 and company A’s shares are increased in the correct proportion 
according to the merger terms. 
Date Company A (R1) 
Company B (R2) – 
1,200 shares 
Closing price (effective date) $10.00 $2.00 
Closing price (effective date+1) $12.00 No longer trading 
Adjusted closing price (effective date+1) NA $2.40 
 
Stock + cash example: in the same example as above, assume that the merger terms were stock plus cash, 1:5 plus 
$2 per share. 
Date Company A (R1) 
Company B (R2) – 
1,200 shares 
Closing price (effective date) $10.00 $4.00 
Closing price (effective date+1) $12.00 No longer trading 
Adjusted closing price (effective date+1) NA $4.40 
 
Cash-only actions or actions involving non-members. If a company is acquired for cash, the acquired company will 
remain in the index for an additional trading day at a stale price and will be removed at the cash price after the close of 
the following day.  
Cash example: Company Z, a member of the Russell 2000 Index, is acquired for $5.02 per share in cash. Based on 
the timing of final notification from the exchange, FTSE Russell considers this a “delayed action” and delays deletion 
for one trading day. Company Z remains in the index the following day at a stale price and removed at the cash price, 
mimicking the cash received by investors. After the close, Company Z is removed from the index.  
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  45 of 50 
Date Company Z (R2) 
Closing price (effective date) $5.00 
Closing price (effective date+1) No longer trading 
Adjusted closing price (effective date+1) $5.02 
 
Market-adjusted breakpoints 
Market-adjusted breakpoints are determined by applying the performance of the Russell 3000E Index to date to the 
latest reconstitution breakpoints.  
Example: Russell 3000E performance to date = 2.05% 
Latest reconstitution breakpoint between R1 and R2 = $1.8 billion 
Market-adjusted breakpoint = $1.8B * 1.0205 = $1.804 
 
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  46 of 50 
Appendix F 
Reconstitution schedule and applicable 
updates 
 
 
Reconstitution Schedule Semi -Annual Reconstitution 
(June) 
Semi-Annual Reconstitution 
December 
Rank Day Last business day of April Last business day of October 
Style Characteristics  Last business day of April Last business day of October:  New style 
probability scores are calculated for new 
additions and migrations only (current 
members moving between R1000, R2000, 
RMicro only), not on the entire universe of 
securities.   
Preliminary Information Released  Five weeks prior to implementation Four weeks prior to implementation 
Query Period For two weeks following preliminary 
announcement 
For two weeks following preliminary 
announcement 
Lock down Three weeks after query period ends Two weeks after query period ends 
Implementation 4th Friday of June 2nd Friday of December 
 
Definitions:  
– The rank day is the day when membership eligibility, including styles, are determined using the publicly available  
information and market capitalizations are calculated at market close.  
– A preliminary announcement is made of the preliminary additions, deletions, indicative shares outstanding and 
free float data to clients of FTSE Russell and preliminary adds and deletes are posted to FTSE Russell’s website.  
– During the query period FTSE Russell welcomes queries on the published data. 
– During lock down, the Russell US index semi- annual reconstitution is considered final, and any additional changes 
are made in exceptional circumstances only, in accordance with the FTSE Russell Recalculation Policy and 
Guidelines: 
– Implementation is the day changes are made after the close of the market and become effective at the open on the 
Monday following  
  
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  47 of 50 
 
Reconstitution updates Semi-Annual Reconstitution 
(June) 
Semi-Annual Reconstitution 
(December) 
Total Market Cap (Movement 
between Market Cap Indexes) 
✓  ✓  
Nationality/Country Assignment 
Changes 
✓  ✓  
Total Shares Outstanding Changes- 
Used for Ranking 
✓  ✓ ** 
Float Adjustments (large private 
holders) Changes 
✓  Applied with a 3% buffer 
Style Probability Changes ✓  New Adds to R3000E, including 
IPOs added between rank dates. 
Movement between: 
Russell 1000 & Rusell 2000 
Russell 2000 and Microcap (ex-
2000) 
 
Voting Rights Changes ✓  No adjustments or further research 
Unrelated Business Taxable 
Income(UBTI)  
✓  ✓  
** Total shares outstanding represented in Russell US index data files include a 1% buffer on total shares, and 
therefore will not equal the total shares used in ranking by total market capitalization on rank date.  
 
Equity_Index_Recalculation_Policy_and_Guidelines.pdf 
*For the avoidance of doubt, Russell US will observe a three-week lockdown in June, while FTSE GEIS will 
experience a two-week lockdown given the difference in implementation dates in June. 
  
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  48 of 50 
Appendix G 
Status of Indexes 
 
Russell US Indexes may be calculated in real time. 
For further details of real time definitions please refer to the following guide:  
– Real_Time_Status_Definitions.pdf  
Russell US Equity Indexes, v7.0, May 2026 
FTSE Russell  49 of 50 
Appendix H 
Further information 
 
A glossary of terms used in FTSE Russell’s Ground Rule documents can be found through the following link:  
Glossary.pdf 
For further information on the Russell US Equity Indexes Construction and Methodology visit  
www.lseg.com/en/ftse-russell/  
or e-mail info@ftserussell.com. Contact details can also be found on this website.  
 
 
 
Disclaimer 
© 2026 London Stock Exchange Group plc and its applicable group undertakings (“LSEG”). LSEG includes (1) FTSE International Limited (“FTSE”), (2) Frank Russell Company 
(“Russell”), (3) FTSE Global Debt Capital Markets Inc. “FTSE Canada”, (4) FTSE Fixed Income LLC  (“FTSE FI”), (5) FTSE (Beijing) Consulting Limited (“WOFE”), (6) FTSE EU SAS 
("FES"). All rights reserved.  
FTSE Russell® is a trading name of FTSE, Russell, FTSE Canada, FTSE FI, WOFE, FES and other LSEG entities providing LSEG Benchmark and Index services. “FTSE®”, “Russell®”, 
“FTSE Russell®”, “FTSE4Good®”, “ICB®”, “Refinitiv”, “WMR ™”, “FR™” and all other trademarks and service marks used herein (whether registered or unregistered) are trademarks 
and/or service marks owned or licensed by the applicable member of LSEG or their respective licensors.  
The Russell U.S Equity Indexes are calculated by or on behalf of FTSE International Limited or its affiliate, agent or partne r.  
FTSE International Limited is authorised as a Benchmark Administrator and regulated in the United Kingdom (UK) by the Financi al Conduct Authority ("FCA") according to the UK 
Benchmark Regulation, FCA Reference Number 796803. FTSE EU SAS is authorised as Be nchmark Administrator and regulated in the European Union (EU) by the Autoritée des 
Marches Financiers (“AMF”) according to the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
All information is provided for information purposes only. All information and data contained in this publication is obtained by LSEG, from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. 
Because of the possibility of human and mechanical inaccuracy as well as other factors, however, such information and data is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. No member 
of LSEG nor their respective directors, officers, employees, partners or licensors make any claim, prediction, warranty or re presentation whatsoever, expressly or impliedly, either as to 
the accuracy, timeliness, completeness, merchantability of any information or LSEG Products, or of results to be obtained fro m the use of LSEG products, including but not limited to 
indices, rates, data and analytics, or the fitness or suitability of the LSEG products for any particular purpose to which they might be put.  The user of the information assumes the entire 
risk of any use it may make or permit to be made of the information. 
No responsibility or liability can be accepted by any member of LSEG nor their respective directors, officers, employees, par tners or licensors for (a) any loss or damage in whole or in 
part caused by, resulting from, or relating to any inaccuracy (neglige nt or otherwise) or other circumstance involved in procuring, collecting, compiling, interpreting, analysing, editing, 
transcribing, transmitting, communicating or delivering any such information or data or from use of this document  or links to this document or (b) any direct, indirect, special, consequential 
or incidental damages whatsoever, even if any member of LSEG is advised in advance of the possibility of such damages, result ing from the use of, or inability to use, such information.  
No member of LSEG nor their respective directors, officers, employees, partners or licensors provide investment advice and no thing in this document should be taken as constituting 
financial or investment advice. No member of LSEG nor their respective direc tors, officers, employees, partners, or licensors make any representation regarding the advisability of 
investing in any asset or whether such investment creates any legal or compliance risks for the investor. A decision to inves t in any such asset should not be made in reliance on any 
information herein. Indices and rates cannot be invested in directly. Inclusion of an asset in an index or rate is not a reco mmendation to buy, sell or hold that asset nor confirmation that 
any particular investor may lawfull y buy, sell or hold the asset or an index or rate containing the asset. The general information contained in this publication  should not be acted upon 
without obtaining specific legal, tax, and investment advice from a licensed professional.  
No part of this information may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, elect ronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, 
without prior written permission of the applicable member of LSEG. Use and distribution of LSEG data requires a licence from LSEG and/or its licensors.  
 
 
 
 
 
50 of 50 
For more information about our indexes, please visit https://www.lseg.com/en/ftse-russell. 