 
 
April 2017 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  Index Methodology 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
S&P U.S. Indices 
Methodology 
 
 
 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 1 
Table of Contents 
 
Introduction 3 
Index Family 3 
Eligibility Criteria 5 
Additions - S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400 and S&P SmallCap 600 5 
Deletions - S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400 and S&P SmallCap 600 6 
Timing of Changes 7 
Index Construction 8 
Approaches 8 
Index Calculations 8 
Shares Outstanding 8 
Multiple Classes of Stock 8 
Special Consideration for the S&P Total Market Index 9 
Index Maintenance 10 
Rebalancing 10 
Corporate Actions 11 
Other Adjustments 11 
Investable Weight Factor (IWF) 11 
Base Date 12 
Select Sector Indices 13 
Capping Methodology 13 
Other Adjustments 14 
Launch Dates 14 
S&P Select Sector Capped 20% Indices 15 
Capping Methodology 15 
Other Adjustments 16 
S&P 500 Capped 35/20 Sector Indices 17 
Capping Methodology 17 
Other Adjustments 18 
S&P MidCap 400 Capped Sector Indices 19 
Capping Methodology 19 
Other Adjustments 20 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 2 
S&P SmallCap 600 Capped Sector Indices 21 
Capping Methodology 21 
Other Adjustments 22 
Index Data 23 
Total Return and Net Return Indices 23 
Index Governance 24 
Index Committee 24 
Index Policy 25 
Announcements 25 
Holiday Schedule 25 
Unexpected Exchange Closures 25 
Recalculation Policy 25 
Real-Time Calculation 25 
Index Dissemination 26 
Tickers 26 
Index Alert 27 
FTP 27 
Web site 27 
Appendix A 28 
Domiciles of Convenience 28 
Appendix B 29 
Historical Market Capitalization Guidelines 29 
Appendix C 30 
Methodology Changes 30 
S&P Dow Jones Indices’ Contact Information 32 
Index Management 32 
Product Management 32 
Media Relations 32 
Client Services 32 
Disclaimer 33 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 3 
Introduction 
The S&P U.S. indices are designed to reflect the U.S. equity markets and, through the markets, the U.S. 
economy. The S&P 500 focuses on the large-cap sector of the market; however, since it includes a 
significant portion of the total value of the market, it also represents the market. Companies in the S&P 
500 are considered leading companies in leading industries. The S&P 500 is a member of the S&P 
Global 1200 family of indices. The S&P MidCap 400 represents the mid-cap range of companies, and the 
S&P SmallCap 600 represents small-cap companies. The three indices are combined and calculated 
together as the S&P Composite 1500; the S&P 500 and S&P MidCap 400 are combined to form the S&P 
900; the S&P MidCap 400 and S&P SmallCap 600 are combined to form the S&P 1000. Index 
constituents are classified according to the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS ®). 
 
Although the S&P 500 contains 500 constituent companies, at any one time it may contain greater than 
500 constituent trading lines since some companies may be represented by multiple share class lines in 
the index. This applies to the S&P Composite 1500 and all of its fixed company count sub-indices as well. 
See Index Construction for further details. 
 
The indices should be fair, meaning that an investor who buys all the stocks in an index with correct index 
weights can achieve the same performance that S&P Dow Jones Indices calculates. 
Index Family 
In addition to the S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400, S&P SmallCap 600 and the combined indices named 
above, the S&P U.S. indices include: 
 
S&P 500 Top 50.  The S&P 500 Top 50 reflects mega-cap members of the S&P 500. It consists of 50 of 
the largest companies, selected by float-adjusted market capitalization, from the parent index. The index 
is rebalanced annually, after the close of the third Friday in June, using a reference date of the last 
business day of May.  
 
In order to reduce turnover, a buffer rule is applied to the security selection at each rebalancing. To 
perform the selection, all companies ranked in the top 45 by float-adjusted market capitalization are 
automatically selected for the index. Next, any current constituent companies remaining within the top 55 
are re-selected for the index, in order by rank, until the 50 company target count has been reached. Then, 
if the target count still has not been reached, the highest ranking non-constituents are selected until 50 
companies are included.  
 
Index constituents are weighted by float-adjusted market capitalization. Share counts are updated 
quarterly and reflected in the index weights, in line with S&P 500 share counts. Constituents that are 
dropped from the S&P 500 are concurrently dropped from the index and are not replaced. 
 
S&P 100.  The S&P 100 consists of 100 companies selected from the S&P 500. To be included, the 
companies should be among the larger and more stable companies in the S&P 500, and must have l isted 
options. Sector balance is considered in the selection of companies for the S&P 100. This index is widely 
used for derivatives, and is the index underlying the OEX options. 
 
S&P Equal Weight U.S. Indices.  The S&P Equal Weight US Indices include the S&P 100 Equal Weight 
Index, the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index, the S&P MidCap 400 Equal Weight Index and the S&P 
SmallCap 600 Equal Weight Index. The composition of these is the same as the composition of the S&P 
100, S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400 and S&P SmallCap 600, respectively. Rather than market-capitalization-
weighted, these indices are equal-weighted. They were introduced in response to investor interest in 
equal-weighted indices that would support different investment and benchmarking approaches while still  
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 4 
recognizing the importance of the companies in leading industries selected for the S&P 100, S&P 500, 
S&P MidCap 400 and S&P SmallCap 600. The indices are rebalanced quarterly, to an equal weight for 
each company based on closing prices one week prior to the rebalancing. Please refer to the Timing of 
Changes detailed in Eligibility Criteria for the rebalancing schedule of the S&P Equal Weight U.S. Indices. 
For more information on S&P Dow Jones Indices’ equal weighting methodologies, please refer to S&P 
Dow Jones Indices’ Index Mathematics Methodology document located on our Web site, www.spdji.com. 
 
S&P Total Market Index.  The S&P Total Market Index includes all eligible U.S. common equities. 
 
S&P Composite 1500 / S&P TMI (Spliced as of EOD Dec-18-2015) Index.  The index is a replica of the 
S&P Total Market Index (TMI) and follows the S&P TMI methodology with the exception that for index 
history prior to December 18, 2015, the index was a replica of the S&P Composite 1500 and followed that 
index’s methodology. 
 
S&P Total Market Index Ex-S&P Composite 1500.  A subset of the S&P Total Market Index, which 
excludes the S&P Composite 1500. While this is not a calculated index, some index maintenance rules 
for these constituents differ from the S&P Composite 1500, so it is identified as a family of companies, 
called the TMIX. 
 
S&P Completion Index.  A sub-index of the S&P Total Market Index is the S&P Completion Index. This 
index includes all companies in the S&P Total Market Index except those in the S&P 500. 
 
S&P 500 Ex-Sector Indices.  These float-adjusted market-capitalization weighted indices include all 
companies in the S&P 500, excluding one or more sectors. Company classifications are based on the 
Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS®). 
 
INDUSTRIALS.  The INDUSTRIALS index consists of all companies in the S&P 500, excluding those 
belonging to the Financials sector, Real Estate sector, Utilities sector or Transportation industry group. 
Company classifications are based on the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS ®). 
 
For more information on GICS, please refer to the GICS methodology document.  
 
This methodology was created by S&P Dow Jones Indices to achieve the aforementioned objective of 
measuring the underlying interest of each index governed by this methodology document. Any changes to 
or deviations from this methodology are made in the sole judgment and discretion of S&P Dow Jones 
Indices so that the index continues to achieve its objective. 
 
 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 5 
Eligibility Criteria 
Additions - S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400 and S&P SmallCap 600 
Market Capitalization.  Unadjusted company market capitalization of US$ 6.1 billion or more for the S&P 
500, US$ 1.6 billion to US$ 6.8 billion for the S&P MidCap 400, and US$ 450 million to US$ 2.1 billion for 
the S&P SmallCap 600. The market cap of a potential addition to an index is looked at in the context of its 
short- and medium-term historical trends, as well as those of its industry. These ranges are reviewed from 
time to time to assure consistency with market conditions. Index membership eligibility for a company with 
multiple share class lines is based on the total market capitalization of the company, including all publicly 
listed and unlisted share class lines, if applicable. For spin-offs, index membership eligibility is determined 
using when-issued prices, if available. 
 
Liquidity.  Adequate liquidity and reasonable price – Using composite pricing and volume, the ratio of 
annual dollar value traded to float-adjusted market capitalization should be 1.00 or greater, and the stock 
should trade a minimum of 250,000 shares in each of the six months leading up to the evaluation date.  
For companies with multiple share classes, each listed share class line is viewed independently to 
determine if its meets the liquidity criteria.  
 
Domicile.  U.S. companies – for index purposes, a U.S. company has the following characteristics:  
1. Files 10-K annual reports. 
2. The U.S. portion of fixed assets and revenues constitutes a plurality of the total, but need not 
exceed 50%. When these factors are in conflict, assets determine plurality. Revenue determine s 
plurality when there is incomplete asset information. 
3. The primary listing of the common stock is NYSE, NYSE Arca, NYSE MKT, NASDAQ Global 
Select Market, NASDAQ Select Market, NASDAQ Capital Market, Bats BZX, Bats BYX, Bats 
EDGA, or Bats EDGX exchanges. ADRs are not eligible for inclusion. 
4. A corporate governance structure consistent with U.S. practice. 
 
If criteria #2 is not met or is ambiguous, S&P Dow Jones Indices may still deem it a U.S. company for 
index purposes if its primary listing, headquarters and incorporation are all in the U.S. and/or a “domicile 
of convenience” (see Appendix A). 
 
In situations where the only factor suggesting that a company is not a U.S. company is its tax registration 
in a “domicile of convenience” or another location chosen for tax-related reasons, S&P Dow Jones 
Indices normally determines that the company is still a U.S. company. 
 
The final determination of domicile eligibility is made by the U.S. Index Committee which can consider 
other factors including, but not limited to, publicly available ownership information and location of 
management and employees.  
 
Public Float.  Public float of at least 50% of the stock. For companies with multiple share class lines, 
each share class line is evaluated separately. Only those share class lines with a public float of at least 
50% are considered for inclusion. 
 
Sector Classification.  Contribution to sector balance maintenance, as measured by a comparison of 
each GICS sector’s weight in an index with its weight in the S&P Total Market Index, in the relevant 
market capitalization range. 
 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 6 
Financial Viability.  The sum of the most recent four consecutive quarters’ Generally Accepted 
Accounting Principles (GAAP) earnings (net income excluding discontinued operations) should be 
positive as should the most recent quarter. For equity real estate investment trusts (REITs), financial 
viability is based on GAAP earnings and/or Funds From Operations (FFO), if reported. FFO is a measure 
commonly used in equity REIT analysis. 
 
Treatment of IPOs.  Initial public offerings should be traded on an eligible exchange for at least 12 
months before being considered for addition to an index. 
 
Eligible Securities.  Eligible securities are the common stock of U.S. companies with a primary listing on 
one of the following U.S. exchanges: 
 NYSE  NASDAQ Capital Market 
 NYSE Arca  Bats BZX  
 NYSE MKT   Bats BYX  
 NASDAQ Global Select Market  Bats EDGA 
 NASDAQ Select Market  Bats EDGX 
 
Ineligible exchanges include: 
 OTC Bulletin Board  Pink Sheets 
 
Eligible organizational structures and share types are: 
 Corporations (including equity and mortgage 
REITs) 
 Common stock (i.e. shares) 
 
Ineligible organizational structures and share types include: 
 Business development companies (BDCs)  Preferred stock  
 Limited partnerships (LPs)  Convertible preferred stock 
 Master limited partnerships (MLPs)   Unit trusts 
 limited liability companies (LLCs)  Equity warrants 
 Closed-end funds  Convertible bonds 
 ETFs  Investment trusts 
 ETNs  Rights 
 Royalty trusts  American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) 
 
Tracking stocks are eligible for the TMIX, but are ineligible for the S&P Composite 1500 and its 
component indices.  
Deletions - S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400 and S&P SmallCap 600 
 Companies that are involved in mergers, acquisitions, or significant restructuring such that they 
no longer meet inclusion criteria 
Companies delisted as a result of merger, acquisition or other corporate action are removed at a 
time announced by S&P Dow Jones Indices, normally at the close of the last day of trading or 
expiration of a tender offer. Constituents that are halted from trading may be kept in the index 
until trading resumes, at the discretion of S&P Dow Jones Indices. If a stock is moved to the pink 
sheets or the bulletin board, the stock is removed. Index changes are announced with one to five 
days’ advance notice.
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 7 
 Companies that substantially violate one or more of the addition criteria 
S&P Dow Jones Indices believes turnover in index membership should be avoided when 
possible. At times a stock may appear to temporarily violate one or more of the addition criteria. 
However, the addition criteria are for addition to an index, not for continued membership. As a 
result, an index constituent that appears to violate criteria for addition to that index is not deleted 
unless ongoing conditions warrant an index change. When a stock is removed from an index, 
S&P Dow Jones Indices explains the basis for the removal. 
 
TMIX constituents that acquire S&P Composite 1500 index constituents but do not fully meet all inclusion 
criteria may still be added to an S&P Composite 1500 index at the discretion of the U.S. Index Committee 
if the Committee determines that the addition could minimize turnover and enhance the 
representativeness of the index as a market benchmark. 
Timing of Changes 
Changes to the S&P U.S. indices other than the TMIX are made as needed, with no annual or semi-
annual reconstitution. 
 
The S&P Equal Weight Indices are rebalanced after the market close on the third Friday of the quarter-
ending month with weights set to 1/N for each company in the index where N equals the number of 
companies in the index at rebalancing. At each quarterly rebalancing, companies are equally-weighted 
using closing prices as of the second Friday of the last month of quarter as the reference price. For those 
companies having multiple share class lines in the index, each share class line is assigned a weight that 
is proportional to its float-adjusted market capitalization as of the second Friday pricing reference date. 
Since index shares are assigned based on prices one week prior to the rebalancing, the actual weight of 
each company at the rebalancing differs from the target equal weights due to market movements. 
 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 8 
Index Construction 
Approaches 
The S&P U.S. Indices are designed to be liquid, so as to support investment products such as index 
mutual funds, exchange traded funds, index portfolios, index futures and options.  
Index Calculations 
On any given day, the index value is the quotient of the total float-adjusted market capitalization of the 
index’s constituents and its divisor. Continuity in index values is maintained by adjusting the divisor for all 
changes in the constituents’ share capital after the base date. This includes additions and deletions to the 
index, rights issues, share buybacks and issuances, and non-zero price spin-offs. The divisor’s time series 
is, in effect, a chronological summary of all changes affecting the base capital of the index. The divisor is 
adjusted such that the index value at an instant just prior to a change in base capital equals the index 
value at an instant immediately following that change. 
 
For more information on the index calculation methodology, please refer to S&P Dow Jones Indices’ 
Index Mathematics Methodology. 
Shares Outstanding 
The shares counted for index calculation are shares outstanding, and are essentially “basic shares” as 
defined by The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) in Generally Accep ted Accounting 
Principles (GAAP). This count is float-adjusted to reflect only available shares. 
 
For float adjustment methodology, please see S&P Dow Jones Indices’ Float Adjustment Methodology 
located on our Web site, www.spdji.com. 
Multiple Classes of Stock 
S&P Dow Jones Indices includes all publicly listed multiple share class lines separately in its float market 
cap (FMC) weighted indices subject to liquidity and float criteria currently in place for each index. Ind ex 
membership eligibility for a company with multiple share class lines is based on the total market 
capitalization of the company. The decision to include each publicly listed share class is evaluated line by 
line; the weight of each line will only reflect its own float, not the combined float of all company lines. It is 
possible that one listed share class line may be included in an S&P Composite 1500 index while a second 
listed share class line of the same company is excluded. Unlisted share class lines are not combined with 
any listed share class lines, but these unlisted share class lines are included when computing company 
total market capitalization.   
 
For companies that issue a second publicly traded share class to index share class holders , the newly 
issued share class line will be considered for inclusion if the event is mandatory and the market 
capitalization of the distributed class is not considered to be de minimis.  
 
For S&P 1500 constituents, listed share class lines not currently in the index must pass the liquidity and 
float criteria as described in Eligibility Criteria (but not the market capitalization criteria, which is only 
considered at the company level). Listed share class line deletions will be at the discretion of the 
governing Index Committee and as a result, listed share classes may continue to be included in the index 
even if it subsequently fails to meet the addition criteria.  
 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 9 
Due to turnover and liquidity concerns, S&P 100 & 500 constituent Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 
(NYSE:BRK.B) is an exception to this rule. S&P Dow Jones Indices will continue to consolidate the share 
count for this company under the B share class line. 
Special Consideration for the S&P Total Market Index 
Except as noted here, the maintenance of the S&P Total Market Index ex-the S&P Composite 1500 (the 
TMIX) follows the same procedures as the S&P 500, the S&P MidCap 400 and the S&P SmallCap 600. 
 
The inclusion requirements for the TMIX follow the same domicile and security eligibility criteria used for 
the S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400 and S&P SmallCap 600 except that a stock must only have an investable 
weight factor (IWF) of 10% (0.10) or more and an annual float-adjusted liquidity measure of 10% (0.10) or 
more. There are no financial viability criteria and no minimum market capitalization requirements for the 
S&P TMIX. TMIX constituents are rebalanced for additions or deletions on a quarterly basis, using a 
reference date of five weeks prior to the rebalancing effective date. The rebalancing effective date 
coincides with the expiration of U.S. index futures and options, occurring after the market close on the 
third Friday of the last month of each quarter. Initial public offerings (IPOs) and issues re-emerging from 
pink sheets or bulletin board status will remain in the index for a minimum of two quarters with exclusions 
due to the violation of eligibility criteria being considered thereafter. Spin-offs from TMI constituents are 
normally added on the ex-date. 
 
A company is immediately added to the S&P Completion Index if it is dropped from the S&P 500 for a 
reason other than acquisition, delisting from a major exchange, change in domicile or bankruptcy. 
Likewise, all companies added to the S&P 500 are immediately removed from the S&P Completion Index.  
 
If a company is added to the S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400 or S&P SmallCap 600, its IWF and shares 
outstanding are subject to review at the time of the addition to the more senior index.  
 
 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 10 
Index Maintenance 
Rebalancing 
Changes to the S&P U.S. indices, other than the TMIX, are made on an as-needed basis. There is no 
annual or semi-annual reconstitution. Rather, changes in response to corporate actions and market 
developments can be made at any time. Constituent changes are typically announced one to five days 
before they are scheduled to be implemented. Announcements are available to the public via our Web 
site, www.spdji.com, before or at the same time they are available to clients or the affected companies.  
 
Share Updates.  Changes in a company’s shares outstanding due to its acquisition of another public 
company are made as soon as reasonably possible. At S&P Dow Jones Indices’ discretion, de minimis 
merger and acquisition share changes are accumulated and implemented with the quarterly share 
rebalancing. 
 
All other changes of less than 5% are accumulated and made quarterly on the third Friday of March, 
June, September, and December. 
 
5% Rule.  Changes in a company’s total shares outstanding of 5% or more due to public offerings  are 
made as soon as reasonably possible. Other changes of 5% or more (for example, due to tender offers, 
Dutch auctions, voluntary exchange offers, company stock repurchases, private placements, acquisitions 
of private companies or non-index companies that do not trade on a major exchange, redemptions, 
exercise of options, warrants, conversion of preferred stock, notes, debt, equity participations, at -the-
market stock offerings or other recapitalizations) are made weekly, and are announced on Fridays for 
implementation after the close of trading the following Friday (one week later). If an exchange 
holiday/closure falls on a Friday, the weekly share change announcement will be made the day before the 
exchange holiday/closure, and the implementation date will remain after the close of trading the following 
Friday (i.e. one week later). 
 
If a 5% or more share change causes a company’s IWF to change by five percentage points or more (for 
example from 0.80 to 0.85), the IWF is updated at the same time as the share change. IWF changes 
resulting from partial tender offers are considered on a case-by-case basis. 
 
All public offerings (also known as follow-on offerings) eligible for next day share implementation must be 
underwritten, must have a publicly available prospectus or prospectus summary filed with the SEC, and 
must include a public confirmation that the offering has been completed. Block trades and spot 
secondaries must meet the above criteria in order to be eligible for next day implementation.  
 
For S&P 1500 Composite constituents, a 5% or more share change related to a public offering by existing 
shareholders that meet the above criteria results in an immediate IWF review for that security using the 
latest available ownership data. Any five percentage point or greater change in the IWF resulting from the 
review is implemented as soon as reasonably possible. If all information is not made available in a timely 
fashion, any resulting IWF change is made in a future weekly share change announcement.  
 
For the TMIX, share changes of 5% or more related to public offerings are implemented weekly.   
 
For weekly share reviews involving companies with multiple share class lines, the 5% share change 
threshold is based on each individual share class line rather than total company shares. 
 
For information regarding the treatment of rights issues, please see S&P Dow Jones Indices’ Equity 
Indices Policies & Practices document located on our Web site, www.spdji.com. 
 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 11 
Share/IWF Freeze.  A share/IWF freeze period is implemented during each quarterly rebalancing. The 
freeze period begins after the market close on the Tuesday preceding the second Friday of each 
rebalancing month (i.e. March, June, September, and December) and ends after the market close on the 
third Friday of a rebalancing month. Pro-forma files are normally released after the market close on the 
second Friday, one week prior to the rebalancing effective date. In September, preliminary share and float 
data are released on the first Friday of the month, but the share freeze period for September will follow 
the same schedule as the other three quarterly share freeze periods. For illustration purposes, if 
rebalancing pro-forma files are scheduled to be released on Friday, March 13, the share/IWF f reeze 
period will begin after the close of trading on Tuesday, March 10 and will end after the close of trading the 
following Friday, March 20 (i.e. the third Friday of the rebalancing month). 
  
During the share/IWF freeze period, shares and IWFs are not changed except for certain corporate action 
events (such as merger activity, stock splits, rights offerings). Share/IWF changes for S&P Composite 
1500 constituents resulting from secondary public offerings that would otherwise be eligible for next day 
implementation are instead collected during the freeze period and added to the weekly share change 
announcement on the third Friday of the rebalance month for implementation the following Friday night. 
There is no weekly share change announcement on the second Friday of a rebalance month. 
 
For more information, please refer to S&P Dow Jones Indices’ Equity Indices Policies & Practices 
document located on our Web site, www.spdji.com. 
Corporate Actions 
Corporate actions (such as stock splits, stock dividends, non-zero price spin-offs and rights offerings) are 
applied after the close of trading on the day prior to the ex-date.  
 
For more information, please refer to S&P Dow Jones Indices’ Equity Indices Policies & Practices 
document located on our Web site, www.spdji.com. 
Other Adjustments 
In cases where there is no achievable market price for a stock being deleted, it can be removed at a zero 
or minimal price at the Index Committee’s discretion, in recognition of the constraints faced by investors in 
trading bankrupt or suspended stocks. 
Investable Weight Factor (IWF) 
Please refer to S&P Dow Jones Indices’ Float Adjustment Methodology for details. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 12 
Base Date 
Index Base Date Base Value 
S&P 500 1941-1943 10 
S&P MidCap 400 06/28/1991 100 
S&P SmallCap 600 12/31/1993 100 
S&P 900  12/30/1994 1000 
S&P 1000  12/31/1994 1000 
S&P Composite 1500 12/31/1994 100 
   
S&P Total Market Index 05/31/2005 1200 
S&P Completion Index 05/31/2005 1200 
   
S&P 500 Equal Weight Index 12/29/1989 353.4 
S&P MidCap 400 Equal Weight Index 07/01/1991 100 
S&P SmallCap 600 Equal Weight Index 12/30/1994 100 
S&P 100 Equal Weight Index 12/29/2000 1000 
S&P 500 Top 50 06/30/2005 1000 
   
S&P Select Sector Capped 20% IndicesA 12/17/1999 100 
S&P 500 Capped 35/20 Sector Indices 12/17/1999 100 
S&P MidCap 400 Capped Sector Indices 12/30/1994 100 
S&P SmallCap 600 Capped Sector Indices 12/30/1994 100 
 
A The S&P Select Sector Capped 20% Real Estate Index has a base date of 09/19/2003 with a base value of 100. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 13 
Select Sector Indices 
The Select Sector Indices follow a modified market capitalization weight methodology. The criteria for the 
Select Sector Indices are detailed below.  
 
For more information on S&P Dow Jones Indices’ various weighting methodologies, please refer to our 
Index Mathematics Methodology document. 
 
Constituents.  At each moment in time, the constituents are members of the S&P 500. All S&P 500 
eligibility criteria are listed on prior pages. 
 
Sector Classification.  S&P Dow Jones Indices assigns index constituents to a Select Sector Index 
based on the constituent’s classification under the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS ®). The 
constituency of each Select Sector Index is defined as follows: 
 Consumer Discretionary (GICS Consumer Discretionary Sector)  
 Consumer Staples (GICS Consumer Staples Sector) 
 Energy (GICS Energy Sector) 
 Financial (GICS Financials Sector) 
 Financial Services (GICS Financials Sector)  
 Health Care (GICS Health Care Sector)  
 Industrials (GICS Industrials Sector) 
 Materials (GICS Materials Sector) 
 Real Estate (GICS Real Estate Sector) 
 Technology (GICS Information Technology Sector & Telecommunication Services Sector)  
 Utilities (GICS Utilities Sector) 
 
For more information on GICS, please refer to S&P Dow Jones Indices’ GICS methodology document. 
Capping Methodology 
For capping purposes, the Select Sector Indices are rebalanced quarterly after the close of business on 
the second to last business day of March, June, September and December using the following 
procedures: 
1. The rebalancing reference date is two business days prior to the last business day of March, 
June, September and December. 
2. Using adjusted prices as of the rebalancing reference date, and membership, shares outstanding, 
IWFs and AWFs (capping factor) as of the rebalancing effective date, each company is weighted 
using the modified market capitalization methodology. Modifications are made as defined below. 
3. The Select Sector Indices are first evaluated based on each company’s modified market 
capitalization weight to ensure none of the indices breach the maximum allowable limits defined 
in rules 4 and 7 below. If a Select Sector Index does breach any of the allowable limits, the 
companies are reweighted based on their float-adjusted market capitalization weights calculated 
using adjusted prices as of the rebalancing reference date and membership, shares outstanding 
and IWFs as of the rebalancing effective date. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 14 
4. If any company has a weight greater than 24%, the company’s float-adjusted market 
capitalization weight is capped at 23%, which allows for a 2% buffer. This buffer is meant to 
ensure that no company exceeds 25% as of the quarter-end diversification requirement date. 
5. All excess weight is equally redistributed to all uncapped companies within the relevant index.  
6. After this redistribution, if the float-adjusted market capitalization weight of any other company 
then breaches 23%, the process is repeated iteratively until no company breaches the 23% 
weight cap. 
7. The sum of the companies with weights greater than 4.8% cannot exceed 50% of the total index 
weight. These caps are set to allow for a buffer below the 5% limit. 
8. If the rule in step 7 is breached, all companies are ranked in descending order of their float-
adjusted market capitalization weights. The first company that causes the 50% limit to be 
breached has its weight reduced to 4.6%. 
9. This excess weight is equally redistributed to all companies with weights below 4.6%. This is 
repeated iteratively until step 7 is satisfied. 
10. Index share amounts are assigned to each constituent to arrive at the weights calculated above. 
Since index shares are assigned based on prices one business day prior to rebalancing, the 
actual weight of each constituent at the rebalancing differs somewhat from these weights due to 
market movements. 
11. If necessary, the reweighting process may take place more than once prior to the close on the 
last business day of March, June, September or December to ensure the Select Sector Indices 
conform to all diversification requirements. 
 
At times, companies may be represented in the Select Sector Indices by multiple share class lines. 
Maximum weight capping is based on company float-adjusted market capitalization, with the weight of 
multiple class companies allocated proportionally to each share class line based on its float-adjusted 
market capitalization as of the rebalancing reference date. If no capping is required, both share classes 
remain in the index at their natural float-adjusted market capitalization. 
Other Adjustments 
Aside from the sector classification, all index constituents’ corporate actions follow the parent S&P 500, 
as detailed in Index Maintenance. 
Launch Dates 
Index (Price Return) Launch Date Launch Value 
Consumer Discretionary Select Sector 12/16/1998A 245.12 
Consumer Staples Select Sector 12/16/1998A 260.64 
Energy Select Sector 12/16/1998A 235.88 
Financial Select Sector 12/16/1998A 220.20 
Financial Services Select Sector 08/17/2015B 79.95 
Health Care Select Sector 12/16/1998A 239.74 
Industrials Select Sector 12/16/1998A 226.56 
Materials Select Sector 12/16/1998A 207.17 
Real Estate Select Sector 08/17/2015C 146.86 
Technology Select Sector 12/16/1998A 300.86 
Utilities Select Sector 12/16/1998A 290.60 
 
A S&P Dow Jones Indices initiated calculation of the Select Sector Indices as of January 28, 2011. Prior to that date, the indices 
were calculated by affiliates of the New York Stock Exchange. The total return versions were launch on 1/28/2011 with a launch 
value of 1000. 
B The total return version was launched on 08/17/2015 with a launch value of 99.45. 
C The total return version was launched on 08/17/2015 with a launch value of 163.96. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 15 
S&P Select Sector Capped 20% Indices 
The headline S&P U.S. Indices are calculated using a float-adjusted market capitalization weighted 
methodology. For the S&P 500, this includes a full complement of GICS based sub-indices that follow the 
same methodology. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices has also developed the S&P Select Sector Capped 20% Indices, which follow a 
modified market capitalization weight methodology. The criteria for the S&P Select Sector Capped 20% 
Indices are detailed below. 
 
For more information on S&P Dow Jones Indices’ various weighting methodologies, please refer to our 
Index Mathematics Methodology document. 
 
Constituents.  At each moment in time, the constituents are members of the S&P 500. All S&P 500 
eligibility criteria are listed on prior pages. 
 
Sector Definitions.  All companies are classified according to the Global Industry Classification Standard 
(GICS®) and maintain the same classification as that found in the parent S&P 500. For this index sub-set, 
the sectors are defined as follows: 
 Consumer Discretionary (GICS Consumer Discretionary Sector) 
 Consumer Staples (GICS Consumer Staples Sector) 
 Energy (GICS Energy Sector) 
 Financials (GICS Financials Sector) 
 Financial Services (GICS Financials Sector) 
 Health Care (GICS Health Care Sector) 
 Industrials (GICS Industrials Sector) 
 Materials (GICS Materials Sector) 
 Real Estate (GICS Real Estate Sector) 
 Technology (GICS Information Technology Sector & Telecommunication Services Sector) 
 Utilities (GICS Utilities Sector) 
 
For more information on GICS, please refer to the GICS methodology document.  
Capping Methodology 
For reweighting purposes, the indices are rebalanced quarterly after the close of business on the third 
Friday of March, June, September, and December using the following procedures:  
1. The rebalancing reference date is the second Friday of March, June, September, and December. 
2. With prices reflected on the rebalancing reference date, and membership, shares outstanding 
and IWFs as of the rebalancing effective date, each company is weighted by float-adjusted 
market capitalization.  
3. If any company has a weight greater than 19%, that company has its weigh t capped at 19%. The 
cap is set to 19% to allow for a 1% buffer. As the reference date is one week prior to the actual 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 16 
rebalancing, this buffer is in place to minimize the possibility of any company exceeding 20% on 
the actual rebalancing date. 
4. All excess weight is proportionally redistributed to all uncapped companies within the relevant 
S&P Select Sector Capped 20% Index.  
5. After this redistribution, if the weight of any other company then breaches 19%, the process is 
repeated iteratively until no companies breach the 19% weight cap. 
6. Index share amounts are assigned to each constituent to arrive at the weights calculated above. 
Since index shares are assigned based on prices one week prior to rebalancing, the actual 
weight of each constituent at the rebalancing differs somewhat from these weights due to market 
movements. 
 
At times, companies may be represented in the S&P Select Sector Capped 20% Indices by multiple share 
class lines. Maximum weight capping is based on company float-adjusted market capitalization, with the 
weight of multiple class companies allocated proportionally to each share class line based on its float -
adjusted market capitalization as of the rebalancing reference date. If no capping is required, both share 
classes remain in the index at their natural float-adjusted market capitalization. 
Other Adjustments 
All other changes to index level constituents follow the parent S&P 500, as documented on prior pages.  
 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 17 
S&P 500 Capped 35/20 Sector Indices 
The headline S&P U.S. Indices are calculated using a float-adjusted market capitalization weighted 
methodology. For the S&P 500, this includes a full complement of GICS based sub -indices that follow the 
same methodology. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices has also developed the S&P 500 Capped 35/20 Sector Indic es, which follow a 
modified market capitalization weight methodology. The criteria for the S&P 500 Capped 35/20 Sector 
Indices are detailed below. 
 
For more information on S&P Dow Jones Indices’ various weighting methodologies, please refer to our 
Index Mathematics Methodology document. 
 
Constituents.  At each moment in time, the constituents are members of the S&P 500. All S&P 500 
eligibility criteria are listed on prior pages. 
 
Sector Definitions.  All companies are classified according to the Global Industry Classification Standard 
(GICS®) and maintain the same classification as that found in the parent S&P 500. For this index sub -set, 
the sectors are defined as follows: 
 Consumer Discretionary (GICS Consumer Discretionary Sector) 
 Consumer Staples (GICS Consumer Staples Sector) 
 Energy (GICS Energy Sector) 
 Financials (GICS Financials Sector) 
 Health Care (GICS Health Care Sector) 
 Industrials (GICS Industrials Sector) 
 Information Technology (GICS Information Technology Sector) 
 Materials (GICS Materials Sector) 
 Real Estate (GICS Real Estate Sector) 
 Utilities (GICS Utilities Sector) 
 Utilities & Telecommunication Services (GICS Utilities Sector & Telecommunication Services 
Sector) 
 
For more information on GICS, please refer to the GICS methodology document.  
Capping Methodology 
The indices are reweighted on a quarterly basis effective after the close of business on the third Friday of 
March, June, September, and December using prices as of the reference date and membership, shares 
outstanding and IWFs as of the reweighting effective date. The reference date is the second Friday of 
each reweighting month. Capping is performed for each index, as necessary, based on the following 
scenarios. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 18 
Scenario Steps 
1. At least one company in the index has a float-
adjusted market capitalization weight 
exceeding 33%. 
1. The company with the largest weight is 
capped at 33%. All excess weight is 
proportionally redistributed to the remaining 
uncapped companies in the index. 
2. If the weight of any remaining uncapped 
company exceeds 19%, its weight is capped at 
19% and the excess weight is proportionally 
redistributed to all remaining uncapped 
companies. 
3. Step 2 is repeated until the weight of all 
uncapped companies does not exceed 19%. 
2. The weight of more than one company 
exceeds 19%, but the company with the 
largest weight does not exceed 33%. 
1. The company with the largest weight is 
capped at its float-adjusted market 
capitalization weight. 
2. If the weight of any remaining uncapped 
company exceeds 19%, its weight is capped at 
19% and the excess weight is proportionally 
redistributed to all remaining uncapped 
companies in the index. 
3. Step 2 is repeated until the weight of all 
uncapped companies does not exceed 19%. 
 
In each of the above scenarios, index share amounts are assigned to each constituent  to arrive at the 
target weights. Since index shares are assigned based on prices one week prior to rebalancing, the 
actual weight of each constituent at the rebalancing may differ from the target weights due to price 
movements. 
 
At times, companies may be represented in the S&P 500 Capped 35/20 Sector Indices by multiple share 
class lines. Maximum weight capping is based on company float-adjusted market capitalization, with the 
weight of multiple class companies allocated proportionally to each share class  line based on its float-
adjusted market capitalization as of the rebalancing reference date. If no capping is required, both share 
classes remain in the index at their natural float-adjusted market capitalization. 
Other Adjustments 
All other changes to index level constituents follow the parent S&P 500, as documented on prior pages.  
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 19 
S&P MidCap 400 Capped Sector Indices 
Constituents.  At each moment in time, the constituents are members of the S&P MidCap 400. All S&P 
MidCap 400 eligibility criteria are listed on prior pages. 
 
Sector Definitions.  All companies are classified according to the Global Industry Classification Standard 
(GICS®) and maintain the same classifications as that found in the parent S&P MidCap 400. For this 
index sub-set, the sectors are defined as follows: 
 Consumer Discretionary (GICS Consumer Discretionary Sector) 
 Consumer Staples (GICS Consumer Staples Sector) 
 Energy (GICS Energy Sector) 
 Financials (GICS Financials Sector) 
 Financials & Real Estate (GICS Financials Sector & GICS Real Estate Sector) 
 Health Care (GICS Health Care Sector) 
 Industrials (GICS Industrials Sector) 
 Information Technology (GICS Information Technology Sector) 
 Materials (GICS Materials Sector) 
 Real Estate (GICS Real Estate Sector) 
 Utilities (GICS Utilities Sector & GICS Telecommunication Services Sector) 
 
Please note this is a slight modification from the official GICS Sectors in that this sub -set of indices 
combines the Utilities and Telecommunication Services Sectors into one.  
 
For more information on GICS, please refer to the GICS methodology document. 
 
For reweighting purposes, the indices are rebalanced quarterly after the close of business on the third 
Friday of March, June, September, and December using the following procedures:  
Capping Methodology 
1. The rebalancing reference date is the second Friday of March, June, September and December.  
2. With prices reflected on the rebalancing reference date, and membership, shares outstanding 
and IWFs as of the rebalancing effective date, each company is weighted by float -adjusted 
market capitalization. 
3. If any company has a weight greater than 22.5%, that company has its weight capped at 22.5%. 
The cap is set to allow for a buffer below a 25% limit. 
4. All excess weight is proportionally redistributed to all uncapped companies w ithin the relevant 
Select Sector Capped Index. 
5. After this redistribution, if the weight of any other company then breaches 22.5%, the process is 
repeated iteratively until no company breaches the 22.5% weight cap. 
6. The sum of the companies with weight greater than 4.5% cannot exceed 45% of the total weight. 
These caps are set to allow for a buffer below 5% and 50% limits, respectively.  
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 20 
7. If the rule in step 6 is breached, all the companies are ranked in descending order of their weights 
and the company with the lowest weight that causes the 45% limit to be breached is identified. 
The weight of this company is, then, reduced either until the rule in step 6 is satisfied or it reaches 
4.5%. 
8. This excess weight is proportionally redistributed to all companies with weights below 4.5%. Any 
stock that receives weight cannot breach the 4.5% cap. This process is repeated iteratively until 
step 6 is satisfied or until all stocks are greater than or equal to 4.5%. If the rule in step 6 is still 
breached and all stocks are greater than or equal to 4.5%, the company with the lowest weight 
that causes the 45% limit to be breached is identified. The weight of this company is, then, 
reduced either until the rule in step 6 is satisfied or it reaches 4.5%. 
9. This excess weight is proportionally redistributed to all companies with weights greater than 
4.5%. Any stock that receives weight cannot breach the 22.5% stock cap. This process is 
repeated iteratively until step 6 is satisfied. 
10. Index share amounts are assigned to each constituent to arrive at the weights calculated above. 
Since index shares are assigned based on prices one week prior to rebalancing, the actual 
weight of each constituent at the rebalancing differs somewhat from these weights due to market 
movements. 
 
At times, an index’s company count may require the capping rules to be relaxed. Please refer to the table 
below for an overview of the process followed, when necessary. Each subsequent row is a relaxation of 
the previous row’s weight caps.   
 
Caps Number of Constituents 
A C B Max Min 
22.5% 45% 4.5% - 15 
25.0% 50% 5.0% 14 12 
27.5% 55% 5.5% 11 11 
30.0% 60% 6.0% 10 9 
32.5% 65% 6.5% 8 8 
35.0% 70% 7.0% 7 7 
37.5% 75% 7.5% 6 6 
40.0% 80% 8.0% 5 5 
42.5% 85% 8.5% 4 4 
50.0% 95% 9.5% 3 3 
 
At times, companies may be represented in the S&P MidCap 400 Capped Sector Indices by multiple 
share class lines. Maximum weight capping is based on company float-adjusted market capitalization, 
with the weight of multiple class companies allocated proportionally to each share class lin e based on its 
float-adjusted market capitalization as of the rebalancing reference date. If no capping is required, both 
share classes remain in the index at their natural float-adjusted market capitalization. 
Other Adjustments 
All other changes to index level constituents follow the parent S&P Midcap 400, as documented on prior 
pages. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 21 
S&P SmallCap 600 Capped Sector Indices 
Constituents.  At each moment in time, the constituents are members of the S&P SmallCap 600. All S&P 
SmallCap 600 eligibility criteria are listed on prior pages. 
 
Sector Definitions.  All companies are classified according to the Global Industry Classification Standard 
(GICS®) and maintain the same classifications as that found in the parent S&P SmallCap 600. For this 
index sub-set, the sectors are defined as follows: 
 Consumer Discretionary (GICS Consumer Discretionary Sector) 
 Consumer Staples (GICS Consumer Staples Sector) 
 Energy (GICS Energy Sector) 
 Financials (GICS Financials Sector) 
 Financials & Real Estate (GICS Financials Sector & GICS Real Estate Sector) 
 Health Care (GICS Health Care Sector) 
 Industrials (GICS Industrials Sector) 
 Information Technology (GICS Information Technology Sector) 
 Materials (GICS Materials Sector) 
 Real Estate (GICS Real Estate Sector) 
 Utilities (GICS Utilities Sector & GICS Telecommunication Services Sector) 
 
Please note this is a slight modification from the official GICS Sectors in that this sub -set of indices 
combines the Utilities and Telecommunication Services Sectors into one.  
 
For more information on GICS, please refer to the GICS methodology document. 
 
For reweighting purposes, the indices are rebalanced quarterly after the close of business on the third 
Friday of March, June, September, and December using the following procedures:  
Capping Methodology 
1. The rebalancing reference date is the second Friday of March, June, September and December.  
2. With prices reflected on the rebalancing reference date, and membership, shares outstanding 
and IWFs as of the rebalancing effective date, each company is weighted by float-adjusted 
market capitalization. 
3. If any company has a weight greater than 22.5%, that company has its weight capped at 22.5%. 
The cap is set to allow for a buffer below a 25% limit. 
4. All excess weight is proportionally redistributed to all uncapped companies within the relevant 
Select Sector Capped Index. 
5. After this redistribution, if the weight of any other company then breaches 22.5%, the process is 
repeated iteratively until no company breaches the 22.5% weight cap. 
6. The sum of the companies with weight greater than 4.5% cannot exceed 45% of the total weight. 
These caps are set to allow for a buffer below 5% and 50% limits, respectively. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 22 
7. If the rule in step 6 is breached, all the companies are ranked in descending order of their weights 
and the company with the lowest weight that causes the 45% limit to be breached is identified. 
The weight of this company is, then, reduced either until the rule in step 6 is satisfied or it reaches 
4.5%. 
8. This excess weight is proportionally redistributed to all companies with weights below 4.5%. Any 
stock that receives weight cannot breach the 4.5% cap. This process is repeated iteratively until 
step 6 is satisfied or until all stocks are greater than or equal to 4.5%. If the rule in step 6 is still 
breached and all stocks are greater than or equal to 4.5%, the company with the lowest weight 
that causes the 45% limit to be breached is identified. The weight of this company is, then, 
reduced either until the rule in step 6 is satisfied or it reaches 4.5%. 
9. This excess weight is proportionally redistributed to all companies with weights greater than 
4.5%. Any stock that receives weight cannot breach the 22.5% stock cap. This process is 
repeated iteratively until step 6 is satisfied. 
10. Index share amounts are assigned to each constituent to arrive at the weights calculated above. 
Since index shares are assigned based on prices one week prior to rebalancing, the actual 
weight of each constituent at the rebalancing differs somewhat from these weights due to market 
movements. 
 
At times, an index’s company count may require the capping rules to be relaxed. Please refer to the table 
below for an overview of the process followed, when necessary. Each subsequent row is a relaxation of 
the previous row’s weight caps.   
 
Caps Number of Constituents 
A C B Max Min 
22.5% 45% 4.5% - 15 
25.0% 50% 5.0% 14 12 
27.5% 55% 5.5% 11 11 
30.0% 60% 6.0% 10 9 
32.5% 65% 6.5% 8 8 
35.0% 70% 7.0% 7 7 
37.5% 75% 7.5% 6 6 
40.0% 80% 8.0% 5 5 
42.5% 85% 8.5% 4 4 
50.0% 95% 9.5% 3 3 
 
At times, companies may be represented in the S&P SmallCap 600 Capped Sector Indices by multiple 
share class lines. Maximum weight capping is based on company float-adjusted market capitalization, 
with the weight of multiple class companies allocated proportionally to each sh are class line based on its 
float-adjusted market capitalization as of the rebalancing reference date. If no capping is required, both 
share classes remain in the index at their natural float-adjusted market capitalization. 
Other Adjustments 
All other changes to index level constituents follow the parent S&P SmallCap 600, as documented on 
prior pages. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 23 
Index Data 
Total Return and Net Return Indices 
Total return index series are calculated for the S&P U.S. Indices as well as the price return series. 
Ordinary cash dividends are applied on the ex-date in calculating the total return series. “Special 
dividends” are those dividends that are outside of the normal payment pattern established historically by 
the issuing corporation. These may be described by the corporation as “special,” “extra,” “year-end,” or 
“return of capital.” Whether a dividend is funded from operating earnings or from other sources of cash 
does not affect the determination of whether it is ordinary or special. S&P Dow Jones Indices will 
generally consider the third consecutive instance of a non-ordinary dividend (in terms of timing, not 
amount) to be ordinary for index purposes as a third consecutive instance will now be considered to be 
part of the normal payment pattern established by the company. 
 
“Special dividends” are treated as corporate actions with offsetting price and divisor adjustments; the total 
return index series reflect both ordinary and special dividends. 
 
For further information on special dividends, please see S&P Dow Jones Indices’ Equity Indices Policies 
& Practices document located on our Web site, www.spdji.com.
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 24 
Index Governance 
Index Committee 
The S&P U.S. Indices are maintained by the U.S. Index Committee, with the exception of the S&P 500 
Top 50, which is maintained by the Americas Thematic and Strategy Index Committee . All committee 
members are full-time professional members of S&P Dow Jones Indices’ staff. The committee meets 
monthly. At each meeting, the Index Committee reviews pending corporate actions that may affect index 
constituents, statistics comparing the composition of the indices to the market, companies that are being 
considered as candidates for addition to an index, and any significant market events. In addition, the 
Index Committee may revise index policy covering rules for selecting companies, treatment of dividends, 
share counts or other matters. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices considers information about changes to its indices and related matters to be 
potentially market moving and material. Therefore, all Index Committee discussions are confidential.  
 
The index committee may change the date of a given rebalancing for reasons including market holidays 
occurring on or around the scheduled rebalancing date. Any such change will be announced with proper 
advance notice where possible. 
 
For information on Quality Assurance and Internal Reviews of Methodology, please refer to S&P Dow 
Jones Indices’ Equity Indices Policies & Practices document located on our Web site, www.spdji.com. 
 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 25 
Index Policy 
Announcements 
Announcements of additions and deletions for the S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400, and S&P SmallCap 600 
are made at 05:15 PM Eastern Time. Press releases are posted on our Web site, www.spdji.com, and are 
released to major news services. 
 
Index methodology is constantly under review for best practices, and any changes are announced well 
ahead of time via the Web site and email to all clients. 
Holiday Schedule 
The S&P U.S. Indices are calculated when the U.S. equity markets are open. 
 
A complete holiday schedule for the year is available on the S&P Dow Jones Indices’ Web site at 
www.spdji.com. 
Unexpected Exchange Closures 
For information on Unexpected Exchange Closures, please refer to S&P Dow Jones Indices’ Equity 
Indices Policies & Practices document located on our Web site, www.spdji.com. 
Recalculation Policy 
For information on the recalculation policy, please refer to S&P Dow Jones Indices’ Equity Indices 
Policies & Practices document located on our Web site, www.spdji.com. 
Real-Time Calculation 
Real-time indices are not restated. 
 
For information on Calculations and Pricing Disruptions, Expert Judgment and Data Hierarchy, please 
refer to S&P Dow Jones Indices’ Equity Indices Policies & Practices document located on our Web site, 
www.spdji.com.
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 26 
Index Dissemination 
Index levels are available through S&P Dow Jones Indices’ Web site at www.spdji.com, major quote 
vendors (see codes below), numerous investment-oriented Web sites, and various print and electronic 
media. S&P Dow Jones Indices’ Web site also provides an archive of recent index announcements and 
press releases, as well as a monthly release giving total returns for S&P Dow Jones Indices’ headline 
indices. 
Tickers 
Index Bloomberg Reuters 
S&P 500 SPX .SPX 
S&P MidCap 400 MID .MID 
S&P SmallCap 600 SML .SML 
S&P Composite 1500 SPR .SPSUP 
S&P 900 SPLGMID .SPLGMID 
S&P 1000 SPK .SPMIDSM 
S&P 100 (OEX) OEX .OEX 
S&P 500 Equal Weight Index SPXEW .SPXEW 
S&P MidCap 400 Equal Weight Index MIDEWI .MIDEWI 
S&P SmallCap 600 Equal Weight Index SMLEWI .SMLEWI 
S&P 100 Equal Weight Index SPOEXEUP .SPOEXEUP 
S&P Total Market Index SPTMI .SPTMI 
S&P Completion Index SPCMI .SPCMI 
Consumer Discretionary Select Sector Index IXY .IXY 
Consumer Staples Select Sector Index IXR .IXR 
Energy Select Sector Index IXE .IXE 
Financial Select Sector Index IXM .IXM 
Financial Services Select Sector Index IXFNS .IXFNS 
Health Care Select Sector Index IXV .IXV 
Industrial Select Sector Index IXI .IXI2 
Materials Select Sector Index IXB .IXB2 
Real Estate Select Sector Index IXRE .IXRE 
Technology Select Sector Index IXT .IXT 
Utilities Select Sector Index IXU .IXU 
S&P 500 Ex-Consumer Discretionary SPXXCDP  
S&P 500 Ex-Consumer Discretionary TR SPXXCDT  
S&P 500 Ex-Consumer Staples SPXXCSP  
S&P 500 Ex-Consumer Staples TR SPXXCST  
S&P 500 Ex-Energy SPXXEGP  
S&P 500 Ex-Energy TR SPXXEGT  
S&P 500 Ex-Financials SPXXFISP  
S&P 500 Ex-Financials TR SPXXFIST  
S&P 500 Ex-Financials & Real Estate SPXXFINP  
S&P 500 Ex-Financials & Real Estate TR SPXXFINT  
S&P 500 Ex-Health Care SPXXHCP  
S&P 500 Ex-Health Care TR SPXXHCT  
S&P 500 Ex-Industrials SPXXINDP  
S&P 500 Ex-Industrials TR SPXXINDT  
S&P 500 Ex-Information Technology & Telecommunication Services SPXXTTSP  
S&P 500 Ex-Information Technology & Telecommunication Services TR SPXXTTST  
S&P 500 Ex-Materials SPXXMP  
S&P 500 Ex-Materials TR SPXXMT  
 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 27 
Index Bloomberg Reuters 
S&P 500 Ex-Real Estate SPXXRETP  
S&P 500 Ex-Real Estate TR SPXXRETT  
S&P 500 Ex-Utilities SPXXUTIP  
S&P 500 Ex-Utilities TR SPXXUTIT  
Index Alert 
Complete data for index replication (including share counts, tickers and data on index levels and returns) 
are available through S&P Dow Jones Indices’ fee-based service, SPICE (www.spice-indices.com). 
FTP 
Daily stock level and index data are available via FTP subscription. 
 
For product information, please contact S&P Dow Jones Indices, www.spdji.com/contact-us.  
Web site 
For further information, please refer to S&P Dow Jones Indices’ Web site at www.spdji.com.  
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 28 
Appendix A 
Domiciles of Convenience 
 Bermuda 
 Channel Islands (as in British Channel) 
 Gibraltar 
 Islands in the Caribbean: Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, British 
Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, Curacao, Dominica, the Dominican Republic, Grenada, Haiti, 
Jamaica, Montserrat, Navassa Island, Puerto Rico, St. Barthlemy, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, 
St. Martin, St. Vincent and Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, Turks and Caicos, the Virgin 
Islands 
 Isle of Man 
 Luxembourg 
 Liberia 
 Panama 
 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 29 
Appendix B 
Historical Market Capitalization Guidelines 
Market capitalization guidelines since July 18, 2007 are as follows: 
 
Effective Date Market Capitalization Guidelines (US$) 
(After Close) S&P 500 S&P MidCap 400 S&P SmallCap 600 
03/10/2017 At least $6.1 billion $1.6 billion to $6.8 billion $450 million to $2.1 billion 
07/16/2014 At least $5.3 billion $1.4 billion to $5.9 billion $400 million to $1.8 billion 
06/19/2013 At least $4.6 billion $1.2 billion to $5.1 billion $350 million to $1.6 billion 
02/16/2011 At least $4.0 billion $1.0 billion to $4.4 billion $300 million to $1.4 billion 
12/09/2009 At least $3.5 billion $850 million to $3.8 billion $250 million to $1.2 billion 
12/18/2008 At least $3.0 billion $750 million to $3.3 billion $200 million to $1.0 billion 
09/25/2008 At least $4.0 billion $1.0 billion to $4.5 billion $250 million to $1.5 billion 
07/18/2007 At least $5.0 billion $1.5 billion to $5.5 billion $300 million to $2.0 billion 
 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 30 
Appendix C 
Methodology Changes 
Methodology changes since January 1, 2015 are as follows: 
 
 Effective Date Methodology 
Change (After Close) Previous Updated 
Market Capitalization 
thresholds for the for the 
following indices: 
1. S&P 500 
2. S&P MidCap 400  
3. S&P SmallCap 600 
03/10/2017 1. S&P 500: At least US$ 5.3 
billion.  
2. S&P MidCap 400: US$ 1.4 
billion to US$ 5.9 billion. 
3. S&P SmallCap 600: US$ 400 
million to US$ 1.8 billion.  
1. S&P 500: At least US$ 6.1 
billion. 
2. S&P MidCap 400: US$ 1.6 
billion to US$ 6.8 billion. 
3. S&P SmallCap 600: US$ 450 
million to US$ 2.1 billion. 
IPO Seasoning 03/10/2017 Initial public offerings should be 
seasoned for six to 12 months 
before being considered for 
addition to an index. 
Initial public offerings should be 
traded on an eligible exchange for 
at least 12 months before being 
considered for addition to an index. 
Index Composition for the 
following indices: 
1. INDUSTRIALS 
2. Financial Services Select 
Sector Index 
3. Real Estate Select Sector 
Index 
4. S&P Select Sector Capped 
20% Financial Services 
Index 
5. S&P Select Sector Capped 
20% Real Estate Index 
6. S&P 500 Capped 35/20 
Real Estate Index 
7. S&P MidCap 400 Capped 
Financials & Real Estate 
(sector) Index 
8. S&P SmallCap 600 Capped 
Financials & Real Estate 
(sector) Index 
09/16/2016 1. The index consists of all 
companies in the S&P 500, 
excluding those belonging to the 
Financials sector, Utilities sector 
or Transportation industry 
group. 
2. GICS Financials Sector 
excluding the Real Estate 
Industry Group, but including 
Mortgage REITs. 
3. GICS Real Estate Industry 
Group excluding Mortgage 
REITs. 
4. GICS Financials Sector 
excluding the Real Estate 
Industry Group, but including 
Mortgage REITs. 
5. GICS Real Estate Industry 
Group excluding Mortgage 
REITs. 
6. GICS Real Estate Industry 
Group excluding Mortgage 
REITs. 
7. GICS Financials Sector. 
8. GICS Financials Sector. 
1. The index consists of all 
companies in the S&P 500, 
excluding those belonging to the 
Financials sector, Real Estate 
sector, Utilities sector or 
Transportation industry group. 
2. GICS Financials Sector. 
3. GICS Real Estate Sector. 
4. GICS Financials Sector. 
5. GICS Real Estate Sector. 
6. GICS Real Estate Sector. 
7. GICS Financials Sector & GICS 
Real Estate Sector. 
8. GICS Financials Sector & GICS 
Real Estate Sector. 
Index names for the following 
indices: 
1. S&P MidCap 400 Capped 
Financials (sector) Index  
2. S&P SmallCap 600 Capped 
Financials (sector) Index  
3. S&P 500 Ex-Financials  
4. S&P 500 Ex-Financials TR 
09/16/2016 1. S&P MidCap 400 Capped 
Financials (sector) Index  
2. S&P SmallCap 600 Capped 
Financials (sector) Index  
3. S&P 500 Ex-Financials 
4. S&P 500 Ex-Financials TR 
  
1. S&P MidCap 400 Capped 
Financials & Real Estate 
(sector) Index 
2. S&P SmallCap 600 Capped 
Financials& Real Estate (sector) 
Index  
3. S&P 500 Ex-Financials & Real 
Estate  
4. S&P 500 Ex-Financials & Real 
Estate TR 
TMIX Rebalancing Reference 
Date  
09/16/2016 The rebalancing reference date is 
the last trading day of the month 
prior to the rebalancing effective 
date.  
The rebalancing reference date is 
five weeks prior to the rebalancing 
effective date.  
Eligibility of Tracking stocks 07/29/2016 Tracking stocks are ineligible for 
the S&P U.S. Indices. 
Tracking stocks are eligible for the 
TMIX, but are ineligible for the 
S&P Composite 1500 and its 
component indices. 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 31 
 Effective Date Methodology 
Change (After Close) Previous Updated 
Share/IWF Freeze Period 07/29/2016 A share freeze is implemented the 
week leading up to the rebalancing 
effective date. 
A share/IWF freeze period is 
implemented during each quarterly 
rebalancing. The freeze period 
begins after the market close on 
the Tuesday preceding the second 
Friday of each rebalancing month 
(i.e. March, June, September, and 
December) and ends after the 
market close on the third Friday of 
the rebalancing month. 
Treatment of voluntary 
exchange offers, Dutch 
auctions & tender offers  
07/29/2016 Changes in a company’s total 
shares outstanding of 5% or more 
due to exchange offers, Dutch 
auctions & tender offers are made 
as soon as reasonably possible. 
Changes in a company’s total 
shares outstanding of 5% or more 
due to voluntary exchange offers, 
Dutch auctions & tender offers are 
made weekly. 
Primary Listing for Index 
Eligibility 
06/17/2016 Eligible securities include all U.S. 
common equities listed on NYSE, 
NYSE Arca, NYSE MKT, NASDAQ 
Global Select Market, NASDAQ 
Select Market and NASDAQ 
Capital Market. 
Eligible securities include all U.S. 
common equities listed on NYSE, 
NYSE Arca, NYSE MKT, NASDAQ 
Global Select Market, NASDAQ 
Select Market, NASDAQ Capital 
Market, Bats BZX, Bats BYX, Bats 
EDGA, and Bats EDGX 
exchanges. 
Clarification of the capping 
rules for the S&P SmallCap 
600 Capped Sector Indices  
03/21/2016 In the event an index count falls to 
a level that renders the general 
capping rules unworkable, S&P 
Dow Jones Indices may relax the 
4.5%/45% rule. 
S&P Dow Jones has provided a 
detailed process for capping in the 
event an index count falls to a level 
that renders the general capping 
rules unworkable. 
Rules regarding multiple share 
class lines 
09/18/2015 Companies that have more than 
one class of common stock 
outstanding were represented only 
once in an index. The stock price 
was based on one class, and the 
share count was based on the total 
shares outstanding of all classes. 
There will no longer be 
consolidated lines in the S&P Float 
Market Cap (FMC) indices. 
Instead, all multiple share class 
companies that have listed share 
class lines will be adjusted for 
shares and float such that each 
share class line will only represent 
that line’s shares and float. All 
multiple share class companies 
that have an unlisted class line will 
also be adjusted. 
Clarification for recognizing 
next day secondary offerings 
in the S&P Composite 1500 
01/21/2015 
 
-- All public offerings (also known as 
follow-on offerings) eligible for next 
day share implementation must be 
underwritten, must have a publicly 
available prospectus or prospectus 
summary filed with the SEC, and 
must include a public confirmation 
that the offering has been 
completed. Block trades and spot 
secondaries must meet the above 
criteria in order to be eligible for 
next day implementation. 
 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 32 
S&P Dow Jones Indices’ Contact Information 
Index Management 
David M. Blitzer, Ph.D. – Managing Director & Chairman of the Index Committee 
 david.blitzer@spglobal.com  +1.212.438.3907 
Product Management 
Philip Murphy – Vice President, Equity Indices 
 philip.murphy@spglobal.com +1.212.438.1368 
Media Relations 
Soogyung Jordan – Communications 
 soogyung.jordan@spglobal.com +1.212.438.2297 
Client Services 
index_services@spglobal.com 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 33 
Disclaimer 
Copyright © 2017 S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC, a division of S&P Global. All rights reserved. STANDARD 
& POOR’S, S&P, SPDR, S&P 500, S&P EUROPE 350, S&P 100, S&P 1000, S&P COMPOSITE 1500, 
S&P MIDCAP 400, S&P SMALLCAP 600, GIVI, GLOBAL TITANS, S&P RISK CONTROL INDIC ES, S&P 
GLOBAL THEMATIC INDICES, S&P TARGET DATE INDICES, S&P TARGET RISK INDICES, 
DIVIDEND ARISTOCRATS, STARS, GICS, HOUSINGVIEWS, INDEX ALERT, INDEXOLOGY, MARKET 
ATTRIBUTES, PRACTICE ESSENTIALS, S&P HEALTHCARE MONITOR, SPICE, and SPIVA  are 
registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, a division of S&P Global  (“S&P”). 
DOW JONES, DJ, DJIA and DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE are registered trademarks of Dow 
Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (“Dow Jones”). These trademarks together with others h ave been 
licensed to S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC. Redistribution, reproduction and/or photocopying in whole or in 
part are prohibited without written permission. This document does not constitute an offer of services in 
jurisdictions where S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC, Dow Jones, S&P or their respective affiliates 
(collectively “S&P Dow Jones Indices”) do not have the necessary licenses. All information provided by 
S&P Dow Jones Indices is impersonal and not tailored to the needs of any person, entity or group o f 
persons. S&P Dow Jones Indices receives compensation in connection with licensing its indices to third 
parties. Past performance of an index is not a guarantee of future results. 
 
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Exposure to an asset class represented by an index is 
available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Dow Jones Indices does not sponsor, 
endorse, sell, promote or manage any investment fund or other investment vehicle that is offered by third 
parties and that seeks to provide an investment return based on the performance of any index. S&P Dow 
Jones Indices makes no assurance that investment products based on the index will accurately track 
index performance or provide positive investment returns. S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC is not an 
investment advisor, and S&P Dow Jones Indices makes no representation regarding the advisability of 
investing in any such investment fund or other investment vehicle. A decision to invest in any such 
investment fund or other investment vehicle should not be made in reliance on any of the statements set 
forth in this document. Prospective investors are advised to make an investment in any such fund or other 
vehicle only after carefully considering the risks associated with investing in such funds, as detailed in an 
offering memorandum or similar document that is prepared by or on behalf of the issuer of the investment 
fund or other investment product or vehicle. S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC is not a tax advisor. A tax 
advisor should be consulted to evaluate the impact of any tax-exempt securities on portfolios and the tax 
consequences of making any particular investment decision. Inclusion of a security within an index is not 
a recommendation by S&P Dow Jones Indices to buy, sell, or hold such security, nor is it considered to 
be investment advice. Closing prices for S&P Dow Jones Indices’ US benchmark indices are calculated 
by S&P Dow Jones Indices based on the closing price of the individual constituents of the index as set by 
their primary exchange. Closing prices are received by S&P Dow Jones Indices from one of its third party 
vendors and verified by comparing them with prices from an alternative vendor. The vendors receive the 
closing price from the primary exchanges. Real-time intraday prices are calculated similarly without a 
second verification. Closing prices for S&P Dow Jones Indices’ US benchmark indices are calculated by 
S&P Dow Jones Indices based on the closing price of the individual constituents of the index as set by 
their primary exchange. Closing prices are received by S&P Dow Jones Indices from one of its third party 
vendors and verified by comparing them with prices from an alternative vendor. The vendors receive the 
closing price from the primary exchanges. Real-time intraday prices are calculated similarly without a 
second verification 
 
These materials have been prepared solely for informational purposes based upon information generally 
available to the public and from sources believed to be reliable. No content contained in these materials 
(including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research, valuations, model, software or 
other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (“Content”) may be modified, reverse -
engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval 
 
S&P Dow Jones Indices:  S&P U.S. Indices Methodology 34 
system, without the prior written permission of S&P Dow Jones Indices. The Content shall not be used for 
any unlawful or unauthorized purposes. S&P Dow Jones Indices and its third-party data providers and 
licensors (collectively “S&P Dow Jones Indices Parties”) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, 
timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Dow Jones Indices Parties are not responsible for any errors 
or omissions, regardless of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE 
CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. S&P DOW JONES INDICES PARTIES DISCLAIM 
ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, 
FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT’S 
FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY 
SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Dow Jones Indices Parties be 
liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or 
consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income 
or lost profits and opportunity costs) in connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the 
possibility of such damages. 
 
S&P Global keeps certain activities of its various divisions and business units separate from each other in 
order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain 
divisions and business units of S&P Global may have information that is not available to other business 
units. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality  of certain non-
public information received in connection with each analytical process. 
 
In addition, S&P Dow Jones Indices provides a wide range of services to, or relating to, many 
organizations, including issuers of securities, investment advisers, brok er-dealers, investment banks, 
other financial institutions and financial intermediaries, and accordingly may receive fees or other 
economic benefits from those organizations, including organizations whose securities or services they 
may recommend, rate, include in model portfolios, evaluate or otherwise address. 
 
The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS®) was developed by and is the exclusive property and 
a trademark of Standard & Poor’s and MSCI. Neither MSCI, Standard & Poor’s nor any other party  
involved in making or compiling any GICS classifications makes any express or implied warranties or 
representations with respect to such standard or classification (or the results to be obtained by the use 
thereof), and all such parties hereby expressly disclaim all warranties of originality, accuracy, 
completeness, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to any of such standard or 
classification. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall MSCI, Standard & Poor’s, any  of 
their affiliates or any third party involved in making or compiling any GICS classifications have any liability 
for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) even 
if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
 