TMX	Group	Limited		 	
MANAGEMENT'S	DISCUSSION	AND	ANALYSIS
February	5,	2026
This	Management’s	Discussion	and	Analysis	(MD&A)	of	TMX	Group	Limited’s	(TMX	Group	or	TMX)	financial	condition	
and	 financial	 performance	 is	 provided	 to	 enable	 a	 reader	 to	 assess	 our	 financial	 condition,	 material	 changes	 in	 our	
financial	 condition	 and	 our	 financial	 performance,	 including	 our	 liquidity	 and	 capital	 resources,	 for	 the	 year	 ended	
December	 31,	 2025	 (2025),	 compared	 with	 the	 year	 ended	 December	 31,	 2024	 (2024)	 and	 as	 at	 December	 31,	 2025	
and	 December	 31,	 2024.	 This	 MD&A	 should	 be	 read	 together	 with	 our	 audited	 annual	 consolidated	 financial	
statements	as	at	 December	31,	2025 	and	December	31,	2024,	and	for	the	 years	ended	December	31,	2025 	and	2024	
(the	financial	statements).
Our	financial	statements	and	this	MD&A	for	2025	are	filed	with	Canadian	securities	regulators	and	can	be	accessed	at	
www.tmx.com	and	www.sedarplus.ca.	The	financial	measures	included	in	this	MD&A	are	based	on	financial	statements	
prepared	in	accordance	with	IFRS	Accounting	Standards	and	IFRS	Interpretations	Committee	("IFRIC"),	as	issued	by	the	
International	Accounting	Standards	Board	(IASB),	unless	otherwise	specified.	All	amounts	are	in	Canadian	dollars	unless	
otherwise	indicated.
Certain	comparative	figures	have	been	reclassified	in	order	to	conform	with	the	financial	presentation	adopted	in	the	
current	 year.	 In	 2025,	 we	 revised	 our	 adjusted	 net	 income	 and	 adjusted	 earnings	 per	 share	 to	 exclude	 dispute	 and	
litigation	costs	and	costs	for	deal	related	activities.	As	a	result,	adjusted	net	income	and	adjusted	earnings	per	share	for	
2024	 were	 revised.	 Management	 uses	 these	 measures,	 and	 excludes	 certain	 items,	 because	 it	 believes	 doing	 so	
provides	investors	a	more	effective	analysis	of	underlying	operating	and	financial	performance.	For	more	information,	
please	refer	to	"Results	of	Operations	-	Non-GAAP	Measures"	which	outlines	TMX	Group's	use	of	Non-GAAP	measures.
Additional	 information	 about	 TMX	 Group,	 including	 the	 Annual	 Information	 Form,	 is	 available	 at	 www.tmx.com	 and	
www.sedarplus.ca.	We	are	not	incorporating	information	contained	on	our	website	in	this	MD&A.
MD&A	Structure
Our	MD&A	is	organized	into	the	following	key	sections:
• Our	Purpose,	Mission,	Vision,	Strategy	and	Objectives
• Initiatives	and	Accomplishments	-	2025	initiatives	and	accomplishments;
• Market	Conditions	-	a	discussion	of	our	current	business	environment;
• Our	Business	-	a	detailed	description	of	our	operations	and	our	products	and	services;
• Results	of	Operations	-	a	year-over-year	comparison	of	results;
• Liquidity	 and	 Capital	 Resources	 -	 a	 discussion	 of	 changes	 in	 our	 cash	 flow,	 our	 outstanding	 debt	 and	 the	
resources	available	to	finance	existing	and	future	commitments;
• Managing	Capital	-	an	outline	of	objectives	for	managing	our	cash	and	cash	equivalents,	marketable	securities,	
share	capital,	Commercial	Paper,	Debentures,	and	credit	and	liquidity	facilities;
• Financial	Instruments;
Page	1
• Critical	 Accounting	 Estimates	 -	 a	 review	 of	 our	 goodwill	 and	 intangible	 assets	 -	 valuation	 and	 impairment	
testing;
• Select	Annual	and	Quarterly	Financial	Information	-	a	discussion	of	select	annual	information	from	2023-2025,	
the	fourth	quarter	of	2025	compared	with	the	corresponding	period	in	2024	and	the	results	over	the	previous	
eight	quarters;
• Enterprise	 Risk	 Management	 -	 a	 discussion	 of	 the	 risks	 to	 our	 business	 as	 identified	 through	 our	 risk	
management	process	as	well	as	Financial	Risk	Management;
• Accounting	and	Control	Matters	-	a	discussion	of	changes	in	accounting	policies	adopted	in	 2025	and	future	
changes	 in	 accounting	 policies,	 an	 evaluation	 of	 our	 disclosure	 controls	 and	 procedures	 and	 internal	 control	
over	financial	reporting	and	changes	to	internal	control	over	financial	reporting;	and
• Caution	Regarding	Forward-Looking	Information.
OUR	PURPOSE,	MISSION,	VISION,	STRATEGY	AND	OBJECTIVES
Purpose
We	make	markets	better	&	empower	bold	ideas.
Mission
We	power	capital	and	commodity	markets	with	client-centric,	technology-driven	global	solutions.
Vision
To	 be	 an	 indispensable	 solution	 for	 companies	 around	 the	 world	 to	 raise	 capital	 and	 the	 preferred	 destination	 for	
traders	and	investors	to	prosper.
Enterprise	Strategy
Our	enterprise	strategy	framework	is	centered	around	four	pillars:
• Accelerate	Long-Term	Growth:	
◦ Excel:	 Deliver	 excellence	 at	 our	 core	 through	 operational	 efficiency	 and	 partnering	 with	 clients	 to	
optimize	the	value	of	our	existing	business	to	drive	growth.
◦ Expand:	Lead	on	the	world	stage	by	taking	our	success	in	markets	and	solutions	to	new	international	
audiences	and	building	the	capabilities	to	win	globally.
◦ Evolve:	 Build	 TMX's	 digital	 future	 by	 harnessing	 data,	 artificial	 intelligence	 (AI),	 and	 technology	 to	
create	next-generation	solutions	and	transform	our	business.
• Talent	 and	 Culture:	 Invest	 in	 our	 people	 to	 both	 fulfill	 our	 employee	 purpose	 and	 to	 foster	 long-term	
sustainable	growth.	Identify	and	acquire	the	talent	and	skills	we	require	to	execute	on	our	growth	strategy.
Page	2
• Advocacy:	 Support	 and	 advance	 the	 business	 strategy	 by	 furthering	 TMX	 interests	 and	 building	 reputation	
through	 a	 coordinated	 corporate	 communications,	 government,	 regulatory	 and	 stakeholder	 relations	
approach.
• Sustainability:	 Drive	 long-term	 sustainable	 growth	 with	 a	 focus	 on	 Prosperity	 (resilient	 markets,	 attracting	
capital	through	sustainable	products),	Planet	(sustainability	performance	for	healthy	ecosystems)	and	People	
(stakeholder	and	community	benefits).
Financial	Objectives1
We	 are	 well	 positioned	 to	 accelerate	 our	 long	 term	 revenue	 growth,	 driven	 by	 our	 business	 strategy	 and	 recent	
acquisitions.	Our	long	term	objectives	for	total	revenue	compound	annual	growth	rate	(CAGR) 2,	adjusted	earnings	per	
share	(EPS)	CAGR3,	dividend	payout	ratio4,	and	debt	to	adjusted	EBITDA	ratio5	are	presented	below.	
TMX	Group	Long	Term	Objectives
*High	Growth	is	defined	as	high-single	to	double-digit	revenue	CAGR,	Strong	Growth	is	defined	as	5%	plus	revenue	CAGR,	and	Market	
Growth	is	defined	as	revenue	CAGR	in	line	with	the	overall	market.
**	TMX	Corporate	Solutions	consists	primarily	of	TSX	Trust	and	Newsfile.
While	we	believe	that	these	long	term	financial	objectives	are	reasonable,	we	may	not	be	able	to	achieve	these	
objectives,	as	our	assumptions	may	prove	to	be	inaccurate	and	therefore	our	actual	results	could	differ	materially	from	
our	long	term	objectives.	For	example,	ongoing	geopolitical	events,	changes	in	trade	tariffs,	threat	of	a	global	recession,	
and	fluctuations	in	foreign	exchange	rates	are	all	impacting	the	global	economy	and	markets.	At	this	point,	it	is	difficult	
to	predict	the	impact	that	this	will	have	in	the	short	term	on	our	business,	and	the	longer	term	impact	on	our	
aspirational	goals.
Our	long	term	objectives	do	not	constitute	guidance.	Our	current	profitability	in	a	given	period	may	differ	from	these	
objectives,	 and	 our	 ability	 to	 attain	 these	 objectives	 must	 be	 weighed	 against	 our	 need	 to	 invest	 in	 our	 business	 in	
order	to	execute	on	our	strategy.	Some	examples	of	these	assumptions	underlying	these	objectives	include	successful	
execution	of	our	strategic	growth	initiatives	and	business	objectives;	continued	investment	in	growth	businesses;	and	
continued	 re-prioritization	 of	 investment	 towards	 enterprise	 solutions.	 Long	 term	 revenue	 growth	 objectives	 by	
businesses	(as	outlined	above), 	are	revenue	CAGRs	based	on	certain	assumptions	and	projected	performance	over	the	
long	term.
Page	3
1	 The	 "Financial	 Objectives"	 section	 contains	 certain	 forward-looking	 statements.	 Please	 refer	 to	 "Caution	 Regarding	 Forward-
Looking	Information"	for	a	discussion	of	risks	and	uncertainties	related	to	such	statements.
2	Compound	annual	growth	rate	(CAGR),	see	discussion	under	"Caution	Regarding	Forward-Looking	Information".
3	Adjusted	EPS	and	adjusted	EPS	CAGR	are	non-GAAP	ratios,	see	discussion	under	"Non-GAAP	Measures"	for	more	information.
4	Dividend	payout	ratio	is	a	non-GAAP	ratio,	see	discussion	under	"Non-GAAP	Measures"	for	more	information.
5	Debt/Adjusted	EBITDA	is	a	non-GAAP	ratio,	see	discussion	under	"Non-GAAP	Measures"	for	more	information.
In	2024,	we	announced	our	TM2X	goal	of	doubling	our	revenue	from	$1.0	billion	to	$2.0	billion	at	 2x	the	speed. 6	We	
plan	to	accelerate	the	growth	of	our	strong	core	to	move	TMX	Group	faster	into	new	spaces	including	private	markets,	
post-trade	services,	ETF	and	benchmark	services,	and	new	geographies.
Transformational	Objectives7
Our	sustainable	growth	strategy	and	long	term	financial	objectives	support	our	continued	desire	to	increase	our	global	
footprint	 and	 recurring	 revenue	 as	 we	 continu e	 our	 evolution	 as	 an	 information	 business.	 Our	 Transformational	
Objectives8	beyond	ten	years	are	outlined	below.
Transformational	Objectives
I	Revenue	based	on	the	country	to	which	customer	invoices	are	addressed.
II	Recurring	revenue	streams	include	substantially	all	of	Global	Insights,	as	well	as	sustaining	fees,	custody	fees,	transfer	
agency	fees,	and	other	access/subscription	based	revenues.
III	Global	Insights	segment	revenue	as	a	percentage	of	total	TMX	revenue.
Our	business	is	organized	into	the	following	areas:	
Capital	formation:	Our	exchanges	are	integral	to	the	efficient	operation	of	the	capital	markets.	We	continually	support	
the	 capital	 markets	 community	 by	 providing	 companies	 of	 all	 types	 and	 at	 all	 stages	 of	 development	 with	 access	 to	
equity	capital,	while	also	providing	market	oversight	to	ensure	market	integrity.	TMX	Corporate	Solutions	is	focused	on	
providing	services	that	support	the	evolving	needs	of	public	and	private	companies.
Lines	of	business	include	Toronto	Stock	Exchange	(TSX)	and	TSX	Venture	Exchange	(TSXV)	listing	and	issuer	servic es,	and	
within	TMX	Corporate	Solutions	 are	TSX	Trust	Company	(TSX	Trust),	TMX	Group's	transfer	agency	and	corporate	trust	
services	business,	and	Newsfile	Corp.	(acquired	August	7,	2024)	which	provides	news	dissemination	and	regulatory	filing	
services.	
Equities	and	fixed	income	trading	and	clearing :	Operate	fair	and	transparent	markets,	with	innovative,	efficient	and	
reliable	platforms	for	equities	and	fixed	income	trading	and	clearing.	
Lines	of	business	incl ude	TSX,	TSXV	and	TSX	Alpha	Exchange	(Alpha),	Alpha-X,	Alpha-DRK,	equities	trading	operations,	
Shorcan	 Brokers	 Limited	 (Shorcan)	 fixed	 income	 trading	 and	 The	 Canadian	 Depository	 for	 Securities	 Limited	 and	 its	
subsidiaries	 including	 CDS	 Clearing	 and	 Depository	 Services	 Inc.	 (CDS	 Clearing)	 and	 CDS	 Innovations	 Inc.	 (collectively,	
CDS).
Derivatives	trading	and	clearing :	Provide	global	access	to	liquid	and	secure	marketplaces	for	equity	and	interest	rate	
derivatives	trading	and	clearing.	
Lines	of	business	include	Montréal	Exchange	(MX),	Canadian	Derivatives	Clearing	Corporation	(CDCC),	and	BOX	Options	
Market	LLC	(BOX).
Page	4
6	14	years	to	double	revenue	from	2008	-	2022	from	$0.5	billion	to	$1.0	billion	in	revenue,	targeting	5	-	7	years	to	grow	from	$1.0	
billion	to	$2.0	billion.	Please	refer	to	"Caution	Regarding	Forward-Looking	Information".
7	 The	 "Transformational	 Objectives"	 section	 contains	 certain	 forward-looking	 statements.	 Please	 refer	 to	 "Caution	 Regarding	
Forward-Looking	Information"	for	a	discussion	of	risks	and	uncertainties	related	to	such	statements.
8	Will	be	delivered	by	a	combination	of	organic	and	inorganic	activity.
Global	 Insights:	 Deliver	 equities	 data,	 index	 data,	 derivatives	 data	 as	 well	 as	 integrated	 data	 sets	 to	 fuel	 high-value	
proprietary	and	third	party	analytics	which	help	clients	make	better	trading	and	investment	decisions.	We	also	provide	
solutions	 to	 European	 and	 global	 wholesale	 energy	 markets	 for	 price	 discovery,	 trade	 execution,	 post-trade	
transparency	 and	 straight	 through	 processing.	 With	 the	 addition	 of	 TMX	 VettaFi	 (acquired	 January	 2,	 2024)	 we	 also	
provide	additional	leading	products	and	services	in	indexing,	digital	distribution,	data	analytics	and	thought	leadership.
Lines	 of	 business	 include	 TMX	 Datalinx	 which	 includes	 U.S.-based	 Verity	 (acquired	 October	 1,	 2025),	 and	 Wall	 Street	
Horizon	 (WSH);	 Co-location;	 TMX	 Trayport	 which	 includes	 Vienna-based	 VisoTech	 (Trayport	 Austria	 G.m.b.H.)	 and	
Germany-based	 Tradesignal	 (Trayport	 Germany	 G.m.b.H.);	 and	 U.S.-based	 TMX	 VettaFi	 (acquired	 January	 2,	 2024)	
which	includes	iNDEX	Research	(acquired	October	15,	2024).
INITIATIVES	AND	ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Equities	and	Fixed	Income	Trading	and	Clearing
AlphaX	US
On	January	22,	2025,	we	successfully	launched	AlphaX	US,	a	new	U.S.	equities	alternative	trading	system	(ATS)	offering	
broker-dealers	a	venue	focused	on	execution	performance,	customization	opportunities,	and	transparency	in	executing	
trading	strategies.	AlphaX	US	traded	average	daily	volumes	of	over	3.5	million	shares	in	2025.
Derivatives	Trading	and	Clearing	9
CGZ
MX	revitalized	the	Two-Year	Government	of	Canada	Bond	Futures	(CGZ)	in	2020.	Since	the	re-launch	the	CGZ	contract	
has	reached	average	daily	volumes	of	approximately	82,000	in	2025,	with	open	interest	reaching	308,000	contracts	as	
of	December	31,	2025.	On	November	30,	2025,	we	terminated	the	agreement	with	the	CGZ	market	markers	and	final	
incentives	were	incurred	in	Q4/25.	As	a	result,	we	expect	an	increase	in	the	rate	per	contract	in	2026.
CORRA
The	 Three-Month	 CORRA	 Futures	 (CRA)	 product	 reached	 average	 daily	 volumes	 of	 over	 170,000	 in	 2025,	 with	 open	
interest	 of	 approximately	 1.4	 million	 contracts	 as	 of	 December	 31,	 2025 .	 In	 December	 2024,	 we	 initiated	 the	
termination	of	the	CRA	market	making	agreement.	The	final	incentives	for	the	program	were	incurred	in	the	first	half	of	
2025,	as	a	result	there	was	a	positive	contribution	to	the	rate	per	contract	over	the	first	half	of	2025,	and	we	reached	
run	rate	in	Q3/25.
Page	5
9	 The	 "Derivatives	 Trading	 and	 Clearing"	 section	 contains	 certain	 forward-looking	 statements.	 Please	 refer	 to	 "Caution	 Regarding	
Forward-Looking	Information"	for	a	discussion	of	risks	and	uncertainty	related	to	such	statements.	
Global	Insights10
Verity
On	 October	 1,	 2025,	 TMX	 Group	 completed	 the	 acquisition	 of	 Verity,	 a	 U.S-based	 provider	 of	 buy-side	 investment	
research	management	system,	data,	and	analytics	provider	for	 US$	97.8	million	($136.2	million)	in	cash.	Verity's	two	
core	 product	 offerings	 are	 VerityRMS,	 a	 research	 management	 system,	 and	 VerityData,	 featuring	 enhanced	 datasets	
and	 insights	 primarily	 focused	 on	 public	 equity	 filings.	 The	 acquisition	 enhances	 TMX	 Datalinx's	 client	 offering,	
strengthening	 its	 position	 in	 delivering	 global	 investment-grade	 data,	 insights,	 and	 investment	 workflow	 tools	 across	
equities,	fixed	income,	and	private	assets.
Modernization	of	the	Canadian	Depository	for	Securities	(CDS)	Clearing	Platform11
The	CDS	modernization	project	involved	the	replacement	of	certain	legacy	systems	at	CDS	including	those	related	to	
clearing	 and	 settlement,	 as	 well	 as	 entitlement	 payment	 systems.	 Since	 the	 commencement	 of	 the	 modernization	
project,	we	have	capitalized	a	total	of	$149.9	million,	including	$16.7	million	in	2024,	and	$5.8	million	in	 2025.	These	
project	 costs	 are	 included	 in	 Additions	 to	 premises	 and	 equipment	 and	 intangible	 assets	 on	 the	 Consolidated	
Statements	of	Cash	Flows	in	the	periods	from	2019	to	2025.
On	April	28,	2025,	we	successfully	launched	our	Post	Trade	Modernization	(PTM)	project.	The	launch	of	the	modernized	
systems	 enables	 faster, 	 more	 cost-effective	 update s	 to	 adapt	 to	 evolving	 market	 needs,	 and	 provides	 new	
opportunities	 and	 capabilities	 in	 TMX's	 post-trade	 businesses.	 Following	 the	 launch	 of	 the	 PTM	 project,	 we	 project	
annual	amortization	and	depreciation	expenses	of	approximately	$10.0	million,	which	will	be	mostly	offset	by	the	PTM	
related	 portion	 of	 the	 annual	 savings	 described	 in	 the	 Strategic	 Re-alignment	 initiative	 section.	 In	 2025,	 we	 incurred	
approximately	$6.7	million	of	amortization	and	depreciation	expenses	related	to	the	PTM	project.
Corporate
Reconciliation	Action	Plan
On	September	25,	2025,	TMX	Group	announced	the	release	of	its	first	Reconciliation	Action	Plan	(RAP),	detailing	the	
company's	 long-term	 commitments	 to	 further	 Indigenous	 reconciliation	 in	 Canada.	 The	 RAP,	 developed	 through	
extensive	engagement	with	Indigenous	organizations,	leaders,	and	experts,	focuses	on	four	key	pillars	including	Capital	
Realignment;	Relationships;	Truth,	Learning	and	Action;	and	First	Nations,	Inuit	and	Métis	Talent.	View	the	full	RAP	at	
tmx.com	under	Sustainability.
Update	on	TMX	Group	Credit	Rating
On	 March	 3,	 2025,	 Morningstar	 DBRS	 revised	 all	 credit	 rating	 trends	 on	 TMX	 Group	 to	 Stable	 from	 Negative	 and	
confirmed	the	Long-Term	Issuer	Rating	and	the	Senior	Unsecured	Debt	rating	of	TMX	Group	as	AA	(low),	as	well	as	our	
Commercial	Paper	(CP)	rating	at	R-1	(middle).	On	September	30,	2025,	Morningstar	DBRS	re-confirmed	all	of	the	above	
ratings	and	trends.
Page	6
10	Formerly	"Global	Solutions,	Insights	and	Analytics".
11	The	"Modernization	of	the	Canadian	Depository	for	Securities	(CDS)	Clearing	Platform"	section	contains	certain	forward-looking	
statements.	Please	refer	to	"Caution	Regarding	Forward-Looking	Information"	for	a	discussion	of	risks	and	uncertainties	related	to	
such	statements.
Organizational	Changes
On	 March	 31,	 2025,	 TMX	 Group	 announced	 organizational	 changes	 designed	 to	 advance	 the	 evolution	 of	 the	
enterprise,	 create	 stronger	 alignment	 across	 corporate	 functions,	 and	 enable	 TMX	 Group	 to	 scale	 efficiently	 as	 it	
executes	a	client-centric	strategy	to	diversify,	innovate,	and	globalize.
Effective	April	1,	2025,	Judy	Dinn	was	appointed	Chief	Information	Officer	(CIO),	TMX	Group.	Ms.	Dinn	is	responsible	for	
the	 strategic	 leadership	 of	 all	 aspects	 of	 technology	 at	 TMX,	 and	 will	 play	 an	 important	 role	 in	 the	 evolution	 and	
execution	of	the	corporate	strategy	and	global	growth	agenda	over	the	coming	years.	Ms.	Dinn	brings	over	20	years	of	
experience	as	a	technology	executive	in	the	financial	services	industry	to	her	new	role	and	is	a	member	of	the	senior	
management	team	reporting	to	John	McKenzie,	TMX	Group	CEO.
Effective	June	30,	2025,	Jay	Rajarathinam,	Chief	Operating	Officer,	has	left	TMX	Group.	With	the	announcement	of	Mr.	
Rajarathinam's	 departure,	 TMX	 Group	 announced	 new	 strategic	 and	 expanded	 responsibilities	 for	 Peter	 Conroy	 and	
David	Arnold,	effective	March	31,	2025.
Peter	 Conroy	 was	 appointed	 CEO,	 Global	 Insights,	 TMX	 Group.	 Mr.	 Conroy's	 mandate	 expanded	 to	 include	 all	 of	 the	
business	 units	 formerly	 known	 as	 Global	 Solutions,	 Insights	 and	 Analytics:	 TMX	 Trayport,	 TMX	 VettaFi,	 and	 TMX	
Datalinx.	David	Arnold,	Chief	Financial	Officer,	TMX	Group,	has	taken	on	an	expanded	mandate	to	include	full	oversight	
of	Strategy	and	Corporate	Development,	as	well	as	enterprise	innovation	and	integration.
Strategic	Re-alignment12
Earlier	this	year	we	announced	the	completion	and	successful	launch	of	the	PTM	project,	and	organizational	changes	
designed	 to	 advance	 the	 evolution	 of	 the	 enterprise,	 creating	 stronger	 alignment	 across	 corporate	 functions,	 and	
enabling	TMX	Group	to	scale	efficiently	as	it	executes	a	client-centric	strategy	to	excel,	expand,	and	evolve.
In	 2025,	 we	 incurred	 strategic	 re-alignment	 expenses	 of	 approximately	 $12.0	 million,	 reflected	 in	 our	 Compensation	
and	benefits	and	information	and	trading	systems	expenses.	We	expect	annual	net	cash	savings	of	approximately	$12.0	
million,	which	began	in	Q3/25	reaching	full	run-rate	in	2026.
Pricing	Changes	and	Fee	Impacts	13
The	following	table	presents	a	summary	of	the	pricing	changes	and	fee	impacts	that	will	take	effect	in	2026:
Segment 2025	Revenue %	Change	from	2025 Description
Capital	Formation	(excl.	TMX	
Corporate	Solutions) $178.8 3	-	4%
Sustaining	listing	fees	uplift	from	28%	
growth	in	market	capitalization
TMX	Trayport $277.4 3	-	4% CPI	annual	update
TMX	Datalinx $253.0 1	-	2% Multiple	TMX	Datalinx	products
TMX	Group $1,717.2 1%
Includes	all	TMX	price	changes	including	
other	changes	below	1%	not	listed	above
Page	7
12	 The	 "Strategic	 Re-alignment"	 section	 contains	 certain	 forward-looking	 statements.	 Please	 refer	 to	 "Caution	 Regarding	 Forward-
Looking	Information"	for	a	discussion	of	risks	and	uncertainties	related	to	such	statements.
13	The	"Pricing	Changes"	section	contains	certain	forward-looking	statements.	Please	refer	to	"Caution	Regarding	Forward-Looking	
Information"	for	a	discussion	of	risks	and	uncertainties	related	to	such	statements.
Capital	Formation
While	we	do	not	plan	to	make	changes	to	TSX	and	TSXV	listing	fees	in	2026,	we	expect	a	positive	impact	from	the	28%	
growth	 in	 market	 capitalization	 of	 our	 listed	 issuers	 at	 December	 31,	 2025	 compared	 with	 December	 31,	 2024.	 The	
expected	 aggregate	 positive	 impact	 is	 approximately	 8%	 to	 9%	 from	 2025	 revenue	 in	 Sustaining	 listings	 fees	 on	 an	
annualized	basis.	Actual	revenue	for	future	periods	will	also	depends	on	activity	in	those	quarters.
TMX	Trayport
In	the	fourth	quarter	of	2025,	we	notif ied	clients	of	our	annual	price	changes,	effective	January	1,	2026,	across	TMX	
Trayport	 products	 in-line	 with	 the	 CPI	 of	 the	 contracting	 country,	 with	 an	 expected	 aggregate	 positive	 impact	 of	
approximately	3%	to	4%	of	TMX	Trayport's	2025	revenue	on	a	constant	currency	annualized	basis.
TMX	Datalinx
As	 of	 December	 2025,	 we	 received	 regulatory	 approval	 for	 pricing	 changes	 on	 the	 following	 TMX	 Datalinx	 products:	
select	real	time	equities	and	derivatives	data,	select	historical	and	reference	data,	select	benchmarks	and	indices	data,	
and	 co-location.	 TMX	 Datalinx	 has	 also	 informed	 clients	 of	 revisions	 to	 2026	 prices	 for	 unregulated	 data	 products	
effective	 Q1/26,	 in-line	 with	 our	 ongoing	 investments	 in	 these	 areas	 and	 associated	 market	 value.	 The	 aggregate	
positive	impact	of	these	pricing	changes	is	expected	to	be	approximately	1%	to	2%	from	2025	TMX	Datalinx	revenue	on	
a	constant	currency	annualized	basis.
MARKET	CONDITIONS	AND	OUTLOOK14
2025	was	characterized	by	a	complex	and	evolving	global	macroeconomic	environment	led	by	uncertainties	related	to	
tariffs,	threat	of	global	trade	wars,	and	ongoing	geopolitical	conflicts.	The	average	CBOE	Volatility	Index	(VIX)	was	19.0	
in	2025,	compared	with	15.6	in	 2024.	Overall,	Canadian	equities	trading	volumes	were	up	 31%	in	2025	compared	with	
2024.15	Across	all	of	our	Canadian	equities	markets,	overall	trading	volumes	were	up	27%	in	 2025	compared	with	2024	
with	 trading	 volumes	 on	 TSX,	 TSXV	 and	 Alpha	 (including	 Alpha-X	 and	 Alpha-DRK)	 i ncreasing	 19%,	 45%	 and	 30%,	
respectively.	In	Canadian	derivatives	trading,	the	volume	of	contracts	traded	on	MX	was	up	19%	in	 2025	compared	to	
2024.
Market	uncertainty	led	to	mixed	results	for	capital	raising	in	the	first	half	of	2025,	with	signs	of	recovery	in	the	second	
half	of	the	year	leading	to	positive	overall	results	for	2025.	On	TSX,	the	total	number	of	financings	increased	by	40%	
from	2024	to	 2025,	and	the	total	amount	of	financing	dollars	raised	increased	by	44%	over	the	same	period.	On	TSXV	
(including	NEX)	there	was	a	15%	increase	in	the	total	number	of	financings,	and	the	total	amount	of	financing	dollars	
raised	increased	by	115%	in	2025	over	2024.
On	January	28,	2026 ,	the	Bank	of	Canada	(the	Bank)	announced	that	it	held	its	target	for	the	overnight	rate	at	2.25%,	
with	 the	 Bank	 Rate	 at	 2.5%	 and	 the	 deposit	 rate	 at	 2.2%.	 The	 Bank	 stated	 that	 the	 current	 policy	 rate	 remains	
appropriate,	 conditional	 on	 the	 economy	 evolving	 in-line	 with	 its	 outlook,	 though	 it	 noted	 that	 the	 outlook	 is	
vulnerable	to	unpredictable	US	trade	policies	and	geopolitical	risks.	Global	financial	conditions	remain	accommodative,	
and	the	Bank	noted	that	recent	weakness	in	the	US	dollar	has	pushed	the	Canadian	dollar	above	72	cents.16
The	Bank	forecasts	economic	growth	will	be	modest	in	the	near	term	as	population	growth	slows	and	Canada	adjusts	to	
US	protectionism.	While	consumer	spending	is	expected	to	hold	up	and	business	investment	strengthens	gradually,	US	
trade	 restrictions	 continue	 to	 disrupt	 growth.	 The	 Bank	 projects	 GDP	 will	 grow	 by	 1.1%	 in	 2026	 and	 1.5%	 in	 2027,	
Page	8
14	 The	 "Markets	 Conditions	 and	 Outlook"	 section	 contains	 certain	 forward-looking	 statements.	 Please	 refer	 to	 "Caution	 Regarding	
Forward-Looking	Information"	for	a	discussion	of	risks	and	uncertainty	related	to	such	statements.	
15	Source:	CIRO	(excluding	intentional	crosses,	includes	all	Canadian	equities).
16	Source:	Extracted	from	the	Bank	of	Canada	press	release,	January	28,	2026.
broadly	 in	 line	 with	 its	 October	 projection,	 but	 notes	 the	 Canada-US-Mexico	 Agreement	 as	 a	 key	 source	 of	
uncertainty.17
CPI	 inflation	 picked	 up	 to	 2.4%	 in	 December,	 boosted	 by	 base-year	 effects	 linked	 to	 the	 previous	 year’s	 GST/HST	
holiday.	 However,	 excluding	 the	 effect	 of	 tax	 changes,	 inflation	 has	 been	 slowing	 since	 September,	 and	 the	 Bank’s	
preferred	 measures	 of	 core	 inflation	 have	 eased	 to	 around	 2.5%.	 The	 Bank	 expects	 inflation	 to	 stay	 close	 to	 the	 2%	
target	over	the	projection	period,	with	trade-related	cost	pressures	being	offset	by	excess	supply.18
Page	9
17	Source:	Extracted	from	the	Bank	of	Canada	press	release,	January	28,	2026.
18	Source:	Extracted	from	the	Bank	of	Canada	press	release,	January	28,	2026.
OUR	BUSINESS
On	 the	 following	 pages,	 we	 provide	 an	 overview	 and	 description	 of	 products	 and	 services,	 strategy	 and	 revenue	
description	for	each	of	our	segments	as	outlined	below:
1. Capital	Formation
2. Equities	and	Fixed	Income	Trading	and	Clearing
3. Derivatives	Trading	and	Clearing
4. Global	Insights	
For	key	statistics	related	to	each	business	above,	please	see	Results	of	Operations.
TMX	2025	Revenue:	$1,717.2	million
Global	Insights:	41%
Capital	Formation:	17%
Equities	and	Fixed	
Income	Trading	and	
Clearing:	17%
Derivatives	Trading	and	
Clearing:	25%
Page	10
Capital	Formation
Year	Ended	December	31,	2025
Capital	Formation	revenue	of	$297.4	million
Toronto	Stock	Exchange:	42%
TSX	Venture	Exchange:	18%
TMX	Corporate	Solutions:	40%
Overview	and	Description	of	Products	and	Services
Our	goals	are	to	provide	solutions	for	corporate	clients	in	need	of	growth	capital	and	liquidity,	and	to	provide	services	
that	support	the	evolving	needs	of	public	and	private	companies.
TMX	Group	operates	a	unique	two-tiered	ecosystem,	comprised	of	TSX	and	TSXV,	to	help	companies	access	the	public	
markets,	raise	capital	and	provide	liquidity	to	shareholders.	TSX	is	a	leading	listings	venue	for	established	domestic	and	
international	issuers.	TSXV	is	the	pre-eminent	global	platform	for	facilitating	venture	stage	capital	formation.
In	general,	established	issuers	initially	list	on	TSX	through	an	Initial	Public	Offering	(IPO),	by	graduating	from	TSXV,	or	by	
seeking	 a	 secondary	 listing	 (to	 complement	 an	 existing	 listing	 on	 another	 listing	 venue).	 Venture	 stage	 companies	
generally	 list	 on	 TSXV	 either	 in	 connection	 with	 an	 IPO,	 or	 through	 alternative	 methods	 such	 as	 TSXV’s	 Capital	 Pool	
Company	program	or	a	reverse	takeover.	We	also	operate	NEX,	a	market	for	issuers	that	have	fallen	below	the	listing	
standards	of	TSXV.
Issuers	list	a	number	of	different	types	of	securities	including	conventional	securities	such	as	common	shares,	preferred	
shares,	 rights	 and	 warrants;	 and	 a	 variety	 of	 alternative	 types	 of	 structures	 such	 as	 exchangeable	 shares,	 debt	 or	
convertible	debt	instruments,	limited	partnership	units,	Exchange	Traded	Funds	(ETFs),	Canadian	Depositary	Receipts	
(CDRs),	and	structured	products	such	as	investment	funds.
We	are	a	global	leader	in	listing	small	and	medium-sized	businesses	with	a	concentration	in	resource	sector	listings	and	
a	growing	number	of	innovation	companies,	including	those	in	the	technology,	clean	technology,	renewable	energy	and	
life	 science	 sectors.	 In	 2025,	 we	 welcomed	 449	 new	 listings,	 of	 which	 14	 were	 innovation	 companies	 and	 14	 were	
international	(non-Canadian)	companies.	Issuers	listed	on	TSX	and	TSXV	raised	a	combined	$33.4	billion	in	 2025	($23.3	
billion	on	TSX	and	$10.1	billion	on	TSXV).
In	addition	to	our	listing	facilities,	we	offer	other	services	focused	on	supporting	the	funding,	growth,	and	success	of	
our	listed	companies	as	well	as	the	evolving	needs	of	public	and	private	companies.	Within	Capital	Formation	is	TMX	
Corporate	Solutions	which	includes	TSX	Trust	and	Newsfile.	TSX	Trust	supports	over	2,000	equity	and	debt	issuers	and	
private	 companies	 with	 corporate	 trust,	 transfer	 agent,	 registrar,	 registered	 and	 non-registered	 plan	 services,	 and	
Page	11
employee	 plan	 services,	 of	 which	 some	 subscribe	 to	 multiple	 services.	 Newsfile	 was	 acquired	 in	 August	 2024	 and	
services	over	2,500	public	and	private	clients	globally	by	providing	news	release	distribution	and	SEDAR+,	EDGAR,	and	
XBRL	filing	solutions.
Strategy
Our	 strategic	 objectives	 in	 the	 Capital	 Formation	 business	 (excluding	 TMX	 Corporate	 Solutions)	 to	 deliver	 long	 term	
Strong	Growth19	as	laid	out	under	Our	Purpose,	Mission,	Vision,	and	Financial	Objectives	-	Financial	Objectives	focus	on:
• Global	expansion:	leverage	our	global	presence	and	channel	partners	to	attract	international	listings	across	all	
sectors
• Sector	development:	accelerate	growth	and	deploy	development	strategies	in	targeted	sectors	to	support	the	
growth	of	new	and	emerging	sectors
• Market	 modernization:	 accelerate	 our	 policy	 development,	 regulatory	 advocacy	 and	 thought	 leadership	
efforts,	 such	 as	 TMX	 LINX	 (a	 centralized	 portal	 for	 issuers	 listed	 on	 TSX	 and	 TSXV	 to	 interact	 with	 the	
Exchange),	to	stimulate	investment	in	the	public	markets,	ease	regulatory	burdens,	transform	user	experience	
and	deliver	operational	excellence
For	TMX	Corporate	Solutions,	our	objective	to	deliver	long	term	High	Growth20	encompasses	the	following:	
• Growth	 from	 the	 core:	 accelerated	 growth	 of	 our	 transfer	 agent,	 corporate	 trust,	 news	 distribution	 and	
regulatory	filing	services	
• Sales	 and	 strategic	 partnerships:	 unlock	 scale	 and	 accelerate	 growth	 and	 contribution	 to	 the	 total	 portfolio	
through	our	dedicated	sales	force,	technological	capabilities	and	execution	of	strategic	partnerships	
• Private	markets:	continue	to	expand	the	service	offering	to	meet	the	unique	needs	of	private	companies.
• Product	expansion:	build	product	and	services	offerings	to	increase	share-of-wallet
Revenue	Description
We	generate	Capital	Formation	revenue	from	several	fees	and	services,	including:
Initial	Listing	Fees
TSX	 and	 TSXV	 issuers	 pay	 initial	 listing	 fees	 based	 on	 the	 value	 of	 the	 securities	 to	 be	 listed	 or	 reserved,	 subject	 to	
minimum	 and	 maximum	 fees.	 Initial	 listing	 fees	 fluctuate	 with	 the	 value	 of	 securities	 being	 listed	 or	 reserved	 at	 the	
time	of	listing.	Revenues	from	initial	listing	fees	are	deferred	over	a	12-month	period	from	the	date	of	listing.
Additional	Listing	Fees
Issuers	 already	 listed	 on	 one	 of	 our	 equity	 exchanges	 pay	 fees	 in	 connection	 with	 subsequent	 capital	 market	
transactions,	such	as	the	raising	of	new	capital	through	the	sale	of	additional	securities	and	reserving	additional	shares	
to	 be	 issued	 under	 stock	 option	 plans.	 Additional	 listing	 fees	 are	 based	 on	 the	 value	 of	 the	 securities	 to	 be	 listed	 or	
reserved,	subject	to	minimum	and	maximum	fees	and	are	recognized	in	the	period	the	transaction	occurred.
Page	12
19	Strong	Growth	is	defined	as	5%	plus	revenue	CAGR
20	High	Growth	is	defined	as	high-single	to	double-digit	revenue	CAGR
Sustaining	Listing	Fees21
Issuers	 listed	 on	 one	 of	 our	 equity	 exchanges	 pay	 annual	 fees	 to	 maintain	 their	 listing,	 based	 on	 their	 market	
capitalization	at	the	end	of	the	prior	calendar	year,	subject	to	minimum	and	maximum	fees.	Sustaining	listing	fees	for	
existing	 issuers	 are	 billed	 during	 the	 first	 quarter	 of	 the	 year,	 recorded	 as	 deferred	 revenue	 and	 amortized	 over	 the	
year	on	a	straight-line	basis. 	Sustaining	listing	fees	for	new	issuers	are	billed	in	the	quarter	after	the	new	listing	takes	
place,	based	on	their	market	capitalization	on	the	date	of	listing,	and	are	amortized	over	the	remainder	of	the	year	on	a	
straight-line	basis.
Fees	charged	to	issuers	vary	based	on	the	type	of	issuer	(corporate,	structured	product	or	ETF).	
The	 aggregate	 market	 capitalization	 of	 issuers	 listed	 on	 TSX	 increased	 from	 $4.9	 trillion	 at	 the	 end	 of	 2024	 to	 $6.3	
trillion	 at	 the	 end	 of	 2025.	 The	 market	 capitalization	 of	 issuers	 listed	 on	 TSXV,	 including	 NEX,	 increased	 from	 $88.8	
billion	 at	 the	 end	 of	 2024	 to	 $142.0	 billion	 at	 the	 end	 of	 2025.	 The	 revenue	 impact	 on	 sustaining	 listing	 fees	 will	
depends	on	the	proportion	of	market	capitalization	change	for	TSX	and	TSXV	issuers	who	are	at	the	maximum	fee,	the	
proportion	 of	 issuers	 below	 the	 maximum	 fee,	 and	 the	 mix	 of	 issuers	 (for	 more	 information	 see	 discussion	 under	
Initiatives	and	Accomplishments	-	Pricing	Changes).
TMX	Corporate	Solutions
TMX	Corporate	Solutions	includes	TSX	Trust	and	Newsfile.	TSX	Trust	has	over	1,700	transfer	agent	clients,	and	revenue	
is	primarily	derived	from	recurring	monthly	fees,	related	products,	and	net	interest	income	on	cash	balances.	Corporate	
trust	fees	relate	to	services	for	approximately	700	clients	that	include	acting	as	trustee	for	debt	instruments,	depositary	
for	takeover	bid	offers,	warrant	agent,	subscription	receipt	agent,	and	agent	for	voluntary	escrow	arrangements.	TSX	
Trust	benefits	from	periodic,	large	cash	balances	that	are	held	in	its	trust	account,	which	results	in	net	interest	income.	
Based	 on	 CAD	 and	 USD	 year	 end	 balances	 at	 December	 31,	 2025,	 a	 25	 basis	 points	 movement	 in	 the	 interest	 rate	
corresponds	to	 approximately	$2.0	million	of	revenue	in	TSX	Trust .	Actual	revenue	for	future	periods	will	also	depend	
on	activity	in	those	quarters.
Newsfile	 services	 over	 2,500	 public	 and	 private	 clients	 globally	 by	 providing	 news	 release	 distribution	 and	 SEDAR+,	
EDGAR,	 and	 XBRL	 filing	 solutions.	 Revenue	 is	 derived	 in	 a	 number	 of	 ways,	 including	 from	 contracts	 (for	 services	
provided	to	clients	over	the	term	of	the	contracts)	and	pay-as-you-go	arrangements	(where	clients	pay	for	services	as	
they	are	provided).
Page	13
21	The	"Sustaining	Listing"	section	above	contains	certain	forward-looking	statements.	Please	refer	to	"Caution	Regarding	Forward-
Looking	Information"	for	a	discussion	of	risks	and	uncertainties	related	to	such	statements.
Equities	and	Fixed	Income	Trading	&	Clearing
Year	ended	December	31,	2025
Equities	and	Fixed	Income	Trading	and	Clearing	revenue	of	$283.4	million
Equities	and	fixed	income	
trading:	54%
Equities	and	fixed	income	
clearing,	settlement,	
depository	and	other	
services	(CDS):	46%
Equities	and	Fixed	Income	Trading	–	TSX,	TSXV,	Alpha,	TSX	Alpha	U.S.,	and	Shorcan
Overview	and	Description	of	Products	and	Services	
We	operate	innovative,	efficient,	reliable,	high	performance	platforms	for	trading	and	clearing.
Equities	Trading
TSX,	 TSXV	 and	 Alpha	 operate	 fully	 electronic	 exchanges	 that	 facilitate	 secondary	 trading	 in	 TSX	 and	 TSXV-listed	
securities	on	a	continuous	auction	basis	throughout	the	trading	day.
Retail,	 institutional	 and	 other	 proprietary	 investors	 and	 traders	 place	 orders	 to	 buy	 or	 sell	 securities	 through	
Participating	 Organizations	 (POs)/Members	 of	 the	 exchanges.	 In	 addition	 to	 continuous	 trading	 throughout	 the	 day,	
TSX	 and	 TSXV	 also	 operate	 opening	 and	 closing	 auctions,	 which	 are	 central	 sources	 of	 liquidity	 for	 trading	 in	 Canada	
during	those	times.	The	closing	auctions	also	establish	the	industry	benchmark	closing	price	for	our	listed	securities.	A	
post-closing	 trading	 session	 on	 TSX	 and	 TSXV	 allows	 for	 further	 opportunity	 to	 trade	 at	 the	 closing	 price.	 Additional	
trading	features	and	functionalities	are	offered	to	accommodate	a	range	of	trading	strategies	and	provide	flexibility	and	
optionality	to	clients.	Each	of	TSX,	TSXV	and	Alpha	also	allow	POs	to	report	their	internally	matched	orders,	by	printing	
them	as	crosses	on	the	exchanges	at	no	cost.
In	2023,	Alpha	launched	a	"lit	order	book"	(Alpha-X)	and	a	"dark	order	book"	(Alpha	DRK).	The	introduction	of	the	new	
order	books	provides	platforms	on	which	TMX	Group	can	introduce	innovative	trading	solutions,	such	as	Smart	Limit	
and	Smart	Peg	orders,	that	help	clients	optimize	their	trading.	In	 2025,	approximately	392.6	million	shares	were	traded	
on	Alpha-X	and	Alpha	DRK.
On	January	22,	2025,	we	launched	AlphaX	US,	a	U.S.	equities	ATS	offering	broker-dealers	a	venue	focused	on	execution	
performance,	customization	opportunities,	and	transparency	in	executing	trading	strategies.	In	2025,	AlphaX	US	traded	
average	daily	volumes	of	over	3.5	million	shares.
Page	14
Fixed	Income	Trading
Shorcan	 acts	 as	 an	 Inter-Dealer	 Bond	 Broker	 (IDBB)	 that	 specializes	 in	 the	 Canadian	 fixed	 income	 market,	 brokering	
products	 that	 include	 Government	 of	 Canada,	 Provincial,	 Corporate	 and	 Canadian	 Mortgage	 Bonds	 along	 with	
Repurchase	Agreements	(repos)	and	Swaps.	Shorcan's	core	clients	are	broker-dealers,	all	of	whom	are	registered	with	
the	Canadian	Investment	Regulatory	Organization	(CIRO),	and	many	that	are	also	CDCC	members.	Shorcan	operates	a	
hybrid	 trading	 platform	 allowing	 clients	 access	 to	 trade	 via	 voice	 lines	 or	 electronically;	 the	 buy-side	 does	 not	
participate.
Strategy
Our	 strong	 competitive	 position	 in	 the	 Canadian	 equities	 and	 fixed	 income	 trading	 businesses	 complements	 our	
portfolio	as	we	look	to	deliver	and	maintain	long	term	Market	Growth22	in	these	businesses.	Our	strategic	focus	is	on:
Equities	Trading
• Building	innovative	and	premium	market	solutions	focused	on	solving	client	needs	in	Canada	and	around	the	
world
• Continuing	to	maintain	leading	market	share	in	Canadian	trading
Fixed	income	Trading
• Maintaining	market	leading	position	in	Canada	trading	of	fixed	income	products
Revenue	Description
Equities	Trading
Most	of	the	fees	on	TSX,	TSXV	and	Alpha	are	volume-based.	These	fees	are	applied	to	traded	shares,	and	in	most	cases,	
involve	one	side	of	the	trade	being	charged	a	per	share	fee	and	the	other	side	being	provided	with	a	per	share	rebate.	
The	excess	of	the	fee	over	the	rebate	represents	the	exchanges'	net	fee	per	share	traded.	These	types	of	models	are	
intended	to	incent	different	types	of	customers	and	behaviors.	The	primary	fee	structure	on	TSX,	TSXV,	and	Alpha-X	is	a	
maker-taker	model	that	pays	a	rebate	to	the	liquidity	providing	side	of	the	trade	so	that	market	participants	have	an	
incentive	to	enter	passive	orders	into	the	central	limit	order	book,	while	the	liquidity	taking	side	of	the	trade	pays	a	fee.	
Alpha	supports	an	inverted	pricing	model	which	is	intended	to	provide	incentives	to	take	liquidity	by	providing	a	rebate,	
with	the	liquidity	providing	side	of	the	trade	paying	the	fee.	Alpha	DRK	has	a	take-take	pricing	model	that	charges	both	
the	buyer	and	seller	a	fee	per	transaction.	Regardless	of	the	fee	structure	applied,	trading	revenue	is	recognized	in	the	
month	in	which	the	trade	is	executed.
Fixed	Income	Trading
Shorcan	charges	broker	commissions	on	both	sides	of	the	trade	upon	execution.	Shorcan	broker	commission	varies	by	
instrument,	duration,	size	and	execution	method	(voice	or	electronic).	
Page	15
22	Market	Growth	is	defined	as	revenue	CAGR	in	line	with	GDP
Equities	and	Fixed	Income	Clearing,	Settlement,	Depository	and	Other	Services	-	CDS
Overview	and	Description	of	Products	and	Services	
CDS	is	Canada's	national	securities	depository,	clearing	and	settlement	hub	for	domestic	and	cross-border	depository-
eligible	 securities.	 CDS	 supports	 Canada's	 equities,	 fixed	 income	 and	 money	 markets	 and	 is	 accountable	 for	 the	 safe	
custody	and	movement	of	securities,	the	processing	of	post-trade	transactions,	and	the	collection	and	distribution	of	
entitlements	relating	to	securities	deposited	by	participants.
CDS’s	 domestic	 clearing	 and	 settlement	 services	 enable	 participants	 to	 report,	 confirm	 or	 match,	 reconcile,	 net	 and	
settle	 exchange	 and	 OTC	 traded	 equity,	 debt	 and	 money	 market	 transactions,	 as	 well	 as	 derivative	 transactions	 in	
depository-eligible	securities	(e.g.,	the	processing	of	rights	and	warrants	and	the	settlement	of	exercised	options).	CDS	
also	 offers	 related	 services	 such	 as	 buy-ins,	 risk	 controls	 and	 reporting,	 and	 facilitates	 trading	 in	 CDSX	 (CDS’s	
multilateral	 clearing	 and	 settlement	 system)	 eligible	 securities	 before	 they	 are	 publicly	 distributed	 (trades	 in	 these	
securities	settle	after	public	distribution).	CDSX	is	designated	by	the	Bank	of	Canada	as	being	systemically	important,	
under	the	Payment	Clearing	and	Settlement	Act	(Canada).
CDS	 Depository	 is	 accountable	 for	 the	 safe	 custody	 and	 movement	 of	 depository-eligible	 domestic	 and	 international	
securities,	 accurate	 record-keeping,	 processing	 post-trade	 transactions,	 and	 collecting	 and	 distributing	 entitlements	
arising	from	securities	deposited	by	participants.
Other	CDS	services	include,	the	issuance	of	International	Security	Identification	Numbers	(ISINs),	depository	eligibility,	
securities	registration	as	well	as	entitlement	and	corporate	action	(E&CA)	event	management.
Strategy
In	April	2025,	we	successfully	launched	our	PTM	project.	The	launch	of	the	modernized	systems	enables	faster,	more	
cost-effective	 updates	 to	 adapt	 to	 evolving	 market	 needs,	 and	 provides	 new	 opportunities	 and	 capabilities	 in	 TMX's	
post-trade	 businesses.	 TMX	 Group	 will	 continue	 to	 invest	 in	 modernizing	 core	 technology	 and	 developing	 growth	
opportunities	for	the	business	to	deliver	long	term	Market	Growth23	under	these	main	focuses:
• Clearing	and	depository:	Leverage	our	new 	advanced	clearing,	settlement,	and	risk	management	platform,	to	
deliver	enhanced	client	experiences	at	higher	efficiency	(see	 INITIATIVES	AND	ACCOMPLISHMENTS	-	Update	
on	Modernization	of	CDS	Clearing	Platform).
• Global	 connectivity	 solutions:	 Support	 access	 gateways	 that	 connect	 global	 clients	 within	 an	 increasingly	
global	 marketplace	 such	 as	 the	 CDS-DTCC	 (The	 Depository	 Trust	 &	 Clearing	 Corporation)	 link	 and	 collateral	
optimization	opportunities	in	conjunction	with	the	CDS	participant	base	and	their	clients.
• Collateral	and	funding: 	Support	our	clients	to	do	more	business	by	making	more	efficient	use	of	their	capital	
with	new	collateral	management	services.
Revenue	Description	
For	 reported	 trades,	 both	 exchange	 traded	 and	 OTC	 trades,	 CDS	 charges	 clearing	 fees	 to	 participants	 on	 a	 per	 trade	
basis.	Clearing	fees	are	recognized	as	follows:
• Reporting	fees	are	recognized	when	the	trades	are	delivered	to	CDS.
• Netting/novation	fees	are	recognized	when	the	trades	are	netted	and	novated.
Other	clearing-related	fees	are	recognized	when	services	are	performed.
Page	16
23	Market	Growth	is	defined	as	revenue	CAGR	in	line	with	GDP.
For	those	trades	that	are	netted	in	Continuous	Net	Settlement	(CNS),	settlement	fees	are	charged	on	the	basis	of	the	
number	 of	 netted	 trades	 settled.	 Settlement	 fees	 for	 those	 trades	 that	 are	 not	 netted	 (i.e.,	 trades	 that	 are	 settled	
individually	 on	 a	 trade-for-trade	 (TFT)	 basis)	 are	 charged	 on	 a	 per	 transaction	 basis.	 Settlement-related	 fees	 are	
recognized	when	the	trades	are	settled.
Depository	 fees	 are	 charged	 per	 transaction	 and	 custody	 fees	 are	 charged	 based	 on	 a	 daily	 average	 of	 volume	 (i.e.,	
number	 of	 shares	 held	 for	 equity	 securities	 and	 nominal	 value	 held	 for	 fixed	 income	 securities)	 and	 positions	 held.	
Depository	fees	are	charged	for	custody	of	securities,	depository	related	activities,	and	processing	of	entitlement	and	
corporate	actions,	and	are	recognized	when	the	services	are	performed.
International	revenue	consists	of	revenue	generated	through	offering	links	as	channels	to	participants	to	effect	cross-
border	transactions	and	custodial	relationships	with	other	international	organizations.	The	related	fees	are	recognized	
as	follows:
• Fees	are	charged	to	participants	based	on	participant	usage	of	National	Securities	Clearing	Corporation	(NSCC)	
and	Depository	Trust	Company	(DTC)	services.	Participants	are	sponsored	into	NSCC	and	DTC	services	via	the	
New	York	Link	service	and	the	DTC	Direct	Link	service	respectively.
• Custodial	 fees	 and	 other	 international	 services	 related	 revenues	 are	 recognized	 when	 the	 services	 are	
performed.
Issuer	 services	 fees	 are	 fees	 levied	 to	 issuers	 and/or	 their	 agents	 for	 ISIN,	 and	 entitlements	 and	 corporate	 actions	
management	services	for	which	they	benefit.
50:50	Rebates	on	Core	CDS	Services
CDS	shares	with	participants,	on	a	50:50	basis,	any	annual	increases	in	revenue	on	clearing	and	other	core	CDS	Clearing	
services,	as	compared	with	revenues	in	fiscal	year	2012	(the	12-month	period	ending	October	31,	2012).	Rebates	are	
paid	on	a	pro	rata	basis	to	participants	in	accordance	with	the	fees	paid	by	such	participants	for	these	services.
Additional	Rebates
In	addition,	CDS	must	rebate	an	additional	$4.0	million	annually	to	participants	in	respect	of	exchange	clearing	services	
for	trades	conducted	on	an	exchange	or	ATS.
In	 September	 2025,	 CDS	 published	 its	 proposal	 to	 update	 CDS	 rebates	 for	 public	 comment.	 Along	 with	 the	 proposal,	
CDS	also	published	proposed	decreases	in	certain	clearing	and	settlement	fees	which	were	approximately	$4.0	million	
in	2025.	While	the	public	comment	period	concluded	in	Q4/25,	this	proposal	is	still	under	regulatory	review.
For	the	five-year	period	from	2020	to	2024	inclusive,	CDS	rebated	an	average	of	approximately	$17.5	million	annually.	
In	2025,	CDS	rebated	$23.9	million	reflecting	increased	volumes	on	core	CDS	services.
Page	17
Derivatives	Trading	and	Clearing
Year	ended	December	31,	2025
Derivatives	Trading	and	Clearing	revenue	of	$434.5	million
Derivatives	Trading	and	
Clearing	(excl.	BOX):57%
BOX:43%
Derivatives	Trading	and	Clearing	–	MX,	CDCC	and	BOX
Overview	and	Description	of	Products	and	Services
Our	 domestic	 financial	 derivatives	 trading	 is	 conducted	 through	 MX,	 Canada’s	 standardized	 financial	 derivatives	
exchange.	Headquartered	in	Montréal,	MX	offers	trading	in	interest	rate,	index,	equity	and	currency	derivatives.	BOX	is	
an	 equity	 options	 market	 located	 in	 the	 U.S	 and	 as	 at	 December	 31,	 2025,	 MX	 held	 approximately	 47.9%	 economic	
interest	 and	 51.4%	 voting	 interest	 in	 BOX.	 Non-controlling	 interests	 ("NCI")	 related	 to	 BOX	 (52.1%),	 including	 net	
income	and	equity	attributable	to	NCI	are	reported	in	our	financial	statements.
Derivatives	-	Trading
MX
MX	offers	interest	rate,	index,	equity	and	currency	derivatives	to	Canadian	and	international	market	participants.	MX	
connects	participants	to	its	derivatives	markets,	builds	business	relationships	with	them	and	works	with	them	to	ensure	
that	 the	 derivatives	 offerings	 meet	 investor	 needs.	 In	 2025,	 approximately	 55%	 of	 MX’s	 volume	 was	 represented	 by	
four	 futures	 contracts	 –	 the	 Three-Months	 CORRA	 Futures	 contract	 (CRA),	 the	 10-Year	 Government	 of	 Canada	 Bond	
Futures	contract	(CGB),	the	5-Year	Government	of	Canada	Bond	Futures	contract	(CGF)	and	the	2-Year	Government	of	
Canada	Bond	Futures	contract	(CGZ)	–	with	the	balance	largely	represented	by	our	equity	and	ETF	options	market,	as	
well	as	the	S&P/TSX	60	Standard	Futures	contract	(SXF).
BOX
BOX	(BOX	Options	Market	LLC,	and	when	the	context	requires,	BOX	includes	its	parent	BOX	Holdings	Group	LLC)	is	an	
equity	 options	 market	 and	 is	 one	 of	 a	 number	 of	 equity	 options	 markets	 in	 the	 U.S.	 All	 options	 traded	 on	 BOX	 are	
cleared	through	The	Options	Clearing	Corporation.
Page	18
Derivatives	–	Clearing
CDCC	 acts	 as	 the	 central	 clearing	 counterparty	 for	 exchange-traded	 derivative	 products	 in	 Canada	 and	 for	 a	 growing	
range	 of	 customized	 financial	 instruments.	 CDCC’s	 role	 is	 to	 ensure	 the	 integrity	 and	 stability	 of	 the	 markets	 that	 it	
supports.	 CDCC	 provides	 central	 clearing	 counterparty	 (CCP)	 clearing	 and	 settlement	 services	 for	 all	 MX	 transactions	
and	certain	over-the-counter	(OTC)	derivatives,	including	fixed	income	repurchase	and	reverse	repurchase	agreement	
(REPO)	transactions.	In	addition,	CDCC	is	the	issuer	of	options	traded	on	MX	markets.
CDCC	 is	 an	 integrated	 central	 clearing	 counterparty	 in	 North	 America	 that	 clears	 and	 settles	 futures,	 options	 and	
options	 on	 futures.	 The	 Canadian	 Derivatives	 Clearing	 Service	 (CDCS)	 operated	 by	 CDCC	 has	 been	 designated	 by	 the	
Bank	 of	 Canada	 as	 being	 a	 systemically	 important	 financial	 market	 infrastructure	 under	 the	 Payment	 Clearing	 and	
Settlement	Act	(Canada).
CDCC	generates	revenue	from	clearing	and	settlement	activities	(see	Revenue	Description	section	below).
Derivatives	–	Regulatory	Division
MX	 is	 recognized	 by	 the	 Autorité	 des	 marchés	 financiers	 (AMF)	 as	 a	 Self-Regulatory	 Organization	 (SRO)	 that	 has	
responsibility	for	maintaining	the	transparency,	credibility	and	integrity	of	its	exchange-traded	derivatives	market.	MX’s	
Regulatory	Division	oversees	the	regulatory	functions.	It	is	responsible	for	the	regulation	of	MX's	markets	and	trading	
participants.	
The	 Regulatory	 Division	 operates	 as	 a	 separate	 and	 independent	 unit	 of	 MX.	 It	 is	 subject	 to	 the	 oversight	 of	 the	 MX	
Self-Regulatory	Oversight	Committee	of	MX's	board	of	directors	(SROC).	The	SROC,	which	is	appointed	by	the	Board	of	
Directors	of	MX,	must	be	composed	of	at	least	two-thirds	independent	members.	The	Regulatory	Division	operations	
are	self-funded	and	are	carried	out	on	a	not-for-profit	basis.
The	 Regulatory	 Division	 generates	 revenue	 from	 regulatory	 fees	 principally	 comprised	 of	 market	 surveillance	 fees	
collected	by	MX	on	behalf	of	its	Regulatory	Division.	Market	regulation	fees	are	recognized	in	the	month	in	which	the	
services	are	provided.
Any	 surplus	 in	 the	 budget	 of	 the	 Regulatory	 Division	 after	 allowing	 for	 an	 appropriate	 operating	 reserve	 must	 be	
redistributed	 to	 MX’s	 approved	 participants	 and	 any	 shortfall	 must	 be	 made	 up	 by	 a	 special	 assessment	 imposed	 on	
MX’s	participants	or	by	MX,	in	both	cases	upon	recommendation	of	the	SROC	to	the	MX	board.	Regulatory	fines	are	
accounted	for	separately	from	regulatory	fees	revenue.	The	regulatory	fines	can	be	used	only	for	specifically	approved	
purposes,	as	described	in	the	recognition	order,	such	as	educational	initiatives.	
Strategy
Growth	 drivers	 in	 our	 Derivatives	 Trading	 and	 Clearing	 segment	 contributing	 to	 the	 business	 unit's	 long	 term	 High	
Growth24	revenue	objective	are	as	follows:
MX
• Continuation	of	global	expansion	through	trading	hours	and	access	expansion
• Introduction	of	new	client-focused	products	and	services	with	new	offerings	to	unlock	the	yield	curve	and	
further	build	out	the	equities	derivatives	complex
CDCC
CDCC	strengthens	and	supports	Derivatives	markets	growth	with	trusted,	deep	post-trade	capabilities.	Enhancements	
of	CDCC’s	products	and	services	will	focus	on:
• Supporting	a	vertically-integrated	introduction	of	new	derivatives	products	and	services
Page	19
24	High	Growth	is	defined	as	high-single	to	double-digit	revenue	CAGR
• Providing	efficient	international	access	to	bulge	bracket	clearing	brokers	while	accessing	new	distribution	
networks	and	reaching	new	clients
• Upgrading	operational,	risk	and	regulatory	compliance	capabilities
• Complementing	the	Derivatives	ecosystem	with	an	expanded	REPO	facility
Revenue	Description
Those	 who	 trade	 on	 MX	 and	 BOX	 are	 charged	 fees	 for	 buying	 and	 selling	 derivatives	 products	 on	 a	 per	 transaction	
basis,	 determined	 by	 factors	 that	 include	 contract	 type	 and	 volume	 of	 contracts	 traded.	 Since	 trading	 fee	 rates	 are	
charged	 on	 each	 transaction	 based	 on	 the	 number	 of	 contracts	 included	 in	 each	 transaction,	 MX	 and	 BOX	 trading	
revenue	 is	 largely	 correlated	 to	 the	 volume	 of	 contracts	 traded	 on	 the	 derivatives	 market,	 but	 may	 be	 impacted	 by	
variations	in	client	mix	and	product	mix.	Derivatives	trading	revenue	is	recognized	in	the	month	in	which	the	trade	is	
executed.	
CDCC	clearing	members	(Clearing	Members)	pay	fees	for	clearing	and	settlement,	including	OTC	fixed	income	and	REPO	
transactions,	 on	 a	 per	 transaction	 basis.	 Fees	 for	 fixed	 income	 transactions	 are	 based	 on	 the	 size	 and	 term	 of	 the	
original	 agreement.	 A	 number	 of	 Clearing	 Members	 are	 also	 eligible	 for	 a	 revenue	 sharing	 arrangement	 based	 on	
annual	cleared	volumes	of	REPO	transactions.	Clearing	and	settlement	revenues	other	than	for	REPO	transactions	are	
correlated	to	the	trading	volume	of	such	products	and	therefore	fluctuate	based	on	the	same	factors	that	affect	our	
derivatives	trading	volume.	Revenue	is	recognized	as	performance	obligations	are	satisfied;	this	occurs	within	a	short	
period	of	time.	Clearing	revenue	for	fixed	income	REPO	agreements	is	recognized	on	the	novation	date	of	the	related	
transaction.
Global	Insights
Year	ended	December	31,	2025
Global	Insights	revenue	$701.8	million
TMX	Trayport:	40%
TMX	VettaFi:	24%
Subscribers	&	Usage:	15%
Feeds:	9%
Co-location:	4%
Benchmarks	&	Indices:	4%
Global	Corporate	&	
Reference	Data	Products:	3%
Investment	Platforms	&	Data:	1%
Page	20
Overview	and	Description	of	Products	and	Services	
TMX	 Trayport	 provides	 solutions	 to	 European	 wholesale	 energy	 markets	 for	 price	 discovery,	 trade	 execution,	 post-
trade	transparency,	and	post-trade	straight	through	processing.	TMX	VettaFi	is	a	provider	of	indexing,	data	analytics,	
industry	leading	conferences,	and	digital	distribution	services	to	ETF	issuers	and	fund	managers.	TMX	Datalinx	delivers	
data	 to	 fuel	 high-value	 proprietary	 and	 third	 party	 analytics	 to	 help	 clients	 make	 better	 trading	 and	 investment	
decisions,	 and	 through	 Verity	 (acquired	 October	 1,	 2025),	 we	 provide	 buy-side	 investment	 research	 management	
system,	data,	and	analytics.	
TMX	Trayport
TMX	Trayport	is	the	primary	connectivity	network	and	data	and	analytics	platform	for	the	European	wholesale	energy	
markets.	 TMX	 Trayport's	 solutions	 provide	 price	 discovery,	 trade	 execution,	 post-trade	 transparency,	 and	 post-trade	
straight	through	processing.
TMX	VettaFi
TMX	VettaFi	(acquired	January	2,	2024)	is	a	leading	US-based,	differentiated	index	provider.	Through	its	websites	and	
analytics	platform	it	engages	millions	of	investors	annually	-	empowering	and	educating	the	modern	financial	advisor	
and	retail	investor.	TMX	VettaFi	added	new	global	index	products	to	its	offerings,	including	in	Energy	Master	Limited	
Partnerships	 (MLPs),	 thematic,	 factor-based	 indices,	 notably	 Robotics,	 nuclear	 and	 AI.	 The	 broadened	 product	 scope	
increases	our	outreach	in	both	asset-based	revenue	and	data	subscription	revenue.	On	October	15,	2024,	we	acquired	
iNDEX	Research,	an	end-to-end	index	provider	that	designs,	calculates,	and	manages	indexes	across	global	equities	and	
fixed	 income	 markets.	 In	 February	 2025,	 TMX	 VettaFi	 acquired	 the	 Credit	 Suisse	 Bond	 Indices,	 in	 June	 we	 acquired	
London-based	 ETF	 Stream,	 and	 in	 October	 we	 acquired	 a	 thematic	 suite	 of	 indices	 including	 the	 Range	 Nuclear	
Renaissance	Index.	Collectively,	these	acquisitions	enhance	TMX	VettaFi's	differentiated	product	suite,	and	accelerate	
expansion	across	EMEA,	and	solidify	its	position	as	a	leader	in	modern	indexation	and	investor	engagement.
TMX	Datalinx
Subscribers	&	Usage	and	Feeds
Trading	 activity	 on	 TSX,	 TSXV	 and	 Alpha	 produces	 a	 stream	 of	 real-time	 data	 reflecting	 orders	 and	 executed	
transactions.	This	stream	of	data	is	supplemented	with	value-added	content	(e.g.	dividends,	earnings)	and	packaged	by	
TMX	 Datalinx	 into	 real-time	 market	 data	 products	 and	 delivered	 to	 end	 users	 directly	 or	 via	 Canadian	 and	 global	
redistributors	that	sell	data	as	feeds	and	for	desktop	product	use,	commonly	referred	to	a	subscribers.	Our	market	data	
is	available	globally	through	a	large	number	of	network	carriers	and	extranets.
We	 offer	 our	 subscribers	 Level	 1,	 and	 Level	 2	 real-time	 services	 for	 TSX,	 TSXV	 and	 Alpha.	 Level	 1	 provides	 trades,	
quotes,	 corporate	 actions	 and	 index	 level	 information.	 Level	 2	 provides	 a	 more	 in-depth	 look	 at	 the	 order	 book	 and	
allows	 distributors	 to	 obtain	 Market	 Book	 for	 TSX,	 TSXV	 and	 Alpha.	 Market	 Book	 is	 an	 end-user	 display	 service	 that	
includes	Market-by-Price,	Market-by-Order	and	Market	Depth	by	Broker	for	all	committed	orders	and	trades.	We	also	
provide	our	level	1	data	on	a	delayed	basis	to	meet	the	needs	of	our	clients.
TMX	Datalinx	offers	an	enterprise	non-professional	(non-pro)	fee	program.	Under	this	program	we	introduced	tiered	
discounts	for	clients	based	on	the	total	amount	spent	on	all	non-pro	products	and	a	fee	cap	after	a	specific	spend	limit	
has	 been	 reached.	 As	 of	 December	 31,	 2025,	 we	 have	 12	 clients	 in	 the	 program	 including	 the	 six	 largest	 Canadian	
banks.
We	also	provide	market	participants	with	low-latency	access	to	real-time	Level	1	and	Level	2	market	data	consolidated	
to	include	all	domestic	equities	marketplaces,	by	way	of	our	TMX	Information	Processor	Consolidated	Data	Feed	(CDF),	
Canadian	Best	Bid	and	Offer	(CBBO),	Consolidated	Last	Sale	(CLS),	and	Consolidated	Depth	of	Book	(CDB)	services.
Page	21
We	also	derive	data	revenue	from	MX.	Similarly	to	equities	markets,	we	distribute	MX	real-time	Level	1,	and	Level	2	
trading	data	to	market	participants	on	a	global	basis	directly	and	through	data	distributors.
Co-location	Services
We	 provide	 co-location	 services	 to	 a	 broad	 range	 of	 domestic	 and	 international	 market	 participants.	 Our	 co-location	
services	clients	benefit	from	stable,	low-latency	access	to	TSX,	TSXV,	Alpha,	and	MX	trading	engines	and	market	data	
feeds,	as	well	as	access	to	other	capital	market	clients,	financial	content	providers,	and	technology	providers.
To	meet	client	demand,	TMX	Datalinx	is	increasing	capacity	at	its	co-location	facility	by	approximately	10%	with	target	
completion	in	Q1/26.	In	addition,	subject	to	regulatory	approval,	TMX	Datalinx	is	proposing	the	launch	of	TMX	Elastic	
Market	 Access	 (EMA),	 a	 virtual	 co-location	 solution	 that	 leverages	 cloud	 technology	 from	 directly	 within	 our	 data	
center	in	the	first	half	of	2026.
Benchmarks	and	Indices
Equities	and	Derivatives	Index	Products	
We	 have	 an	 arrangement	 with	 S&P	 Dow	 Jones	 Indices	 (S&P	 DJI)	 under	 which	 we	 share	 license	 fees	 received	 from	
organizations	that	create	products,	such	as	mutual	funds	and	ETFs,	based	on	the	S&P/TSX	indices 25.	In	general,	these	
license	fees	are	based	on	a	percentage	of	funds	under	management	in	respect	of	these	proprietary	products.	The	multi-
year	Index	Operation	and	License	Agreement	between	TSX	Inc.	and	S&P	DJI	covers	the	creation	and	publication	of	all	
S&P/TSX	indices,	while	also	providing	MX	with	the	rights	to	list	futures	and	options	on	the	S&P/TSX	indices.	We	fully	
own	data	subscription	revenue.	 In	2025,	we	saw	12%	growth	in	this	segment	through	new	product	development,	sales	
and	repricing.
Term	CORRA	
Term	 CORRA,	 a	 forward	 looking	 term	 rate,	 replaced	 CDOR	 in	 loans	 and	 associated	 derivative	 hedges	 and	 is	 derived	
from	 transactions	 and	 executable	 bids	 and	 offers	 from	 CORRA	 interest	 rate	 futures	 traded	 on	 MX.	 Term	 CORRA	 is	
produced	and	managed	by	CanDeal	Benchmark	Administration	Services	Inc.	as	the	benchmark	administrator	and	with	
TMX	Datalinx	providing	the	licensing	and	distribution	capabilities.	Since	the	launch,	we	have	onboarded	over	190	global	
clients	including	major	Canadian	banks,	global	financial	institutions	and	corporate	clients.
Global	Corporate	&	Reference	Data	Products
TMX	Datalinx's	fastest	growing	area	includes	our	proprietary	historical	market	data	products	(tick	data,	official	market	
statistics,	 close	 prices,	 corporate	 information	 such	 as	 dividends,	 corporate	 actions	 and	 security	 master)	 across	 TMX	
Group	trading,	listing	and	clearing	venues.	It	also	includes	our	global	forward	looking	corporate	event	data	(Wall	Street	
Horizon,	 Inc.)	 used	 by	 global	 traders,	 portfolio	 managers,	 hedge	 funds	 and	 asset	 managers	 to	 generate	 alpha	 and	
manage	risk.
Our	 latest	 addition	 to	 this	 portfolio	 is	 VerityData	 which	 provides	 US	 market	 financial	 data	 and	 proprietary	 analytics,	
including	 insider	 activity,	 buybacks,	 executive	 compensation,	 institutional	 holdings,	 and	 other	 data	 sets	 used	 by	 over	
300	hedge	funds,	asset	managers	and	other	investment	clients.
Page	22
25	The	S&P/TSX	indices	are	a	product	of	S&P	Dow	Jones	Indices	LLC	(“SPDJI”)	and	TSX	Inc.	(“TSX”).	Standard	&	Poor’s®	and	S&P®	are	
registered	 trademarks	 of	 Standard	 &	 Poor’s	 Financial	 Services	 LLC	 (“S&P”);	 Dow	 Jones®	 is	 a	 registered	 trademark	 of	 Dow	 Jones	
Trademark	 Holdings	 LLC	 and	 TSX®	 is	 a	 registered	 trademark	 of	 TSX.	 Dow	 Jones,	 S&P,	 their	 respective	 affiliates	 and	 TSX	 do	 not	
sponsor,	endorse,	sell	or	promote	any	products	based	on	the	Index	and	none	of	such	parties	make	any	representation	regarding	the	
advisability	of	investing	in	such	product(s)	nor	do	they	have	any	liability	for	any	errors,	omissions	or	interruptions	of	the	Index	or	any	
data	related	thereto
Investment	Platforms	&	Data
Investment	Platforms	and	Data	includes	our	public	market	investment	analytics	and	data	science	capabilities	and	other	
insights	including	ESG	and	private	asset	data.
Our	 latest	 addition	 to	 this	 portfolio	 is	 VerityRMS,	 a	 leading	 buy-side	 investment	 research	 management	 system,	 data,	
and	 analytics	 provider.	 VerityRMS	 delivers	 global	 investment-grade	 data,	 insights,	 and	 investment	 workflow	 tools	
across	equities,	fixed	income,	and	private	assets.	VerityRMS	helps	leading	global	investment	firms	optimize	and	enrich	
their	workflows	with	best	practices	and	continuous	innovation.
Strategy
TMX	Datalinx	
Continued	execution	of	our	strategy	positions	TMX	Datalinx	for	Strong	Growth26	in	our	long	term	revenue	objectives.
Our	core	strategy	consists	of:
• Go	to	market	with	innovations	in	product	pricing	and	packaging	and	secure	multiple-year	pricing	agreements
• Expanding	our	suite	of	multi-asset	class,	real	time	and	historical	data	and	analytics	products
• Capturing	the	global	addressable	market	for	TMX	Group	content	and	products
• Providing	new	distribution	platforms	for	TMX	Group	proprietary	content
The	acceleration	of	our	strategy	consists	of	the	following:
• Protect	and	grow	our	core	business :	continuously	invest	in	client	driven	new	content	and	product	innovation	
to	protect	and	grow	our	core	data	offering	and	enhance	our	pricing	model
• Extend	and	transform	our	product	offering:
◦ Expand	our	asset	class	and	geographic	coverage	in	benchmarks	and	indices	
◦ Expand	our	current	corporate	and	reference	data	products	through	organic	builds,	partnerships	and	
acquisitions	
◦ Continue	to	add	complementary,	unique	and	enhanced	content	
TMX	Trayport
TMX	 Trayport	 continues	 to	 focus	 on	 capitalizing	 on	 macro	 themes	 in	 the	 global	 energy	 markets	 that	 present	 growth	
opportunities	 in	 both	 new	 markets	 and	 in	 new	 services	 to	 existing	 clients,	 and	 accelerating	 revenue	 generation	
potential	to	target	High	Growth27	in	our	long	term	revenue	objectives.
• Expand	product	offering
◦ Enhance	 our	 core	 market	 offering	 through	 continuous	 innovation	 and	 investment,	 with	 a	 focus	 on	
performance,	reliability	and	security
◦ Bolster	 data	 driven	 trading	 to	 add	 value	 through	 data,	 advanced	 visualization	 and	 artificial	
intelligence
Page	23
26	Strong	Growth	is	defined	as	5%	plus	revenue	CAGR
27	High	Growth	is	defined	as	high-single	to	double-digit	revenue	CAGR
• Expand	into	new	asset	classes	and	geographies	through:
◦ Digitalization	of	voice	brokered	markets
◦ Capturing	opportunities	driven	by	the	deregulation	and	changing	dynamics	of	global	energy	markets	
along	with	increased	demand	for	new	trading	products	driven	by	the	energy	transition
TMX	VettaFi
TMX	 VettaFi	 continues	 to	 deepen	 and	 broaden	 relationships	 with	 issuers	 of	 ETFs,	 mutual	 funds,	 and	 other	 financial	
products	by	offering	innovative	services	that	map	to	issuers’	product	life	cycles.	Our	core	products	comprise	indexing	
solutions,	 utilizing	 our	 nimble	 and	 scalable	 ‘index	 factory’,	 as	 well	 as	 behavioral	 analytics,	 leveraging	 our	 strong	
connectivity	with	the	investor	community.	We	deploy	digital	marketing	capabilities	and	events	services	to	accelerate	
growth	in	core	products.	
Key	strategic	growth	drivers	include:
• Expand	product	offering
◦ Expand	asset	class	coverage	of	our	indexing	platform	to	holistically	service	the	exposure	needs	of	our	
clients,	such	as	the	acquisition	of	Credit	Suisse	Bond	Indices	in	February	2025
◦ Capture	 high	 growth	 flows	 by	 integration	 megatrend	 exposure,	 such	 as	 the	 Range	 Nuclear	
Renaissance	Index,	positioning	our	platform	as	a	provider	for	investors	seeking	targeted	access	to	the	
global	energy	transition	and	AI	infrastructure
• Expand	into	new	markets
◦ Deepening	its	global	footprint	by	leveraging	existing	relationships	to	provide	a	comprehensive	multi-
asset	suite	across	both	North	American	and	EMEA	 markets,	and	launching	fixed	income	products	in	
Canada
◦ Strengthen	 our	 global	 service	 ecosystem	 through	 the	 acquisition	 of	 London-based	 ETF	 Stream,	
integrating	its	digital	reach	and	client	servicing	capabilities	to	accelerate	the	adoption	of	our	indexing	
solutions	within	the	high-demand	EMEA	region
Revenue	Description
In	 2025,	 approximately	 60%	 of	 our	 TMX	 Datalinx	 revenue	 was	 billed	 in	 U.S.	 dollars,	 approximately	 90%	 of	 our	 TMX	
Trayport	revenue	was	billed	in	British	Pound	Sterling,	and	approximately	90%	of	our	TMX	VettaFi	revenue	was	billed	in	
U.S.	 dollars.	 For	 more	 information	 regarding	 foreign	 currency	 risk,	 see	 Financial	 Risk	 Management	 -	 Market	 Risk	 -	
Foreign	Currency	Risk.
TMX	Datalinx
Subscribers	generally	pay	fixed	monthly	rates	for	access	to	real-time	streaming	data,	which	differ	depending	on	the	
depth	of	information	accessed.	In	addition	to	streaming	data,	many	individual	investors	consume	real-time	quote	data,	
for	which	we	charge	on	a	per	quote	basis.	We	charge	market	data	vendors	and	direct	feed	clients	a	fixed	monthly	fee	
for	access	to	data	feeds.
Real-time	market	data	revenue	is	recognized	based	on	usage	as	reported	by	customers	and	vendors,	less	a	provision	for	
sales	 allowances	 from	 the	 same	 customers.	 Other	 Global	 Insights	 revenue	 is	 recognized	 when	 the	 services	 are	
provided.
Page	24
Generally,	we	sell	historical	data	products	for	a	fixed	amount	per	product	accessed.	Fees	vary	depending	on	the	type	of	
end	use.
Co-location	Services
Subscribers	 to	 TMX	 Group’s	 co-location	 services	 pay	 a	 fixed	 monthly	 fee	 depending	 on	 the	 number	 of	 cabinets	 and	
other	related	services	they	receive.	Co-location	services	are	normally	contracted	for	a	period	of	one	to	five	years.
TMX	Trayport
TMX	 Trayport	 subscribers	 pay	 a	 monthly	 rate	 for	 access	 to	 the	 platform.	 While	 some	 customers	 are	 on	 multi-year	
contracts,	the	median	term	is	about	one	year.	
TMX	VettaFi
Index	licensing	revenue	is	generally	based	on	a	percentage	of	assets	under	management	within	the	products	(exchange	
traded	funds	(ETFs),	exchange	traded	notes	(ETNs),	mutual	funds,	separately	managed	accounts)	linked	to	TMX	VettaFi	
indices.	Other	indexing	clients	pay	a	fixed	monthly	subscription	fee	to	access	index	data	(index	levels	and	constituent	
data).
Digital	distribution	and	analytics	revenue	is	primarily	subscription-based	and	customers	are	billed	on	a	monthly	basis,	
with	 the	 terms	 of	 the	 contracts	 varying	 from	 customer	 to	 customer.	 Event	 revenue	 is	 recognized	 as	 the	 service	 is	
provided.
Page	25
RESULTS	OF	OPERATIONS
Non-GAAP	Measures
Adjusted	net	income	is	a	non-GAAP	measure 28,	and	adjusted	earnings	per	share,	adjusted	diluted	earnings	per	share,	
and	 adjusted	 earnings	 per	 share	 compound	 annual	 growth	 rate	 (CAGR)	 are	 non-GAAP	 ratios 29,	 and	 do	 not	 have	
standardized	 meanings	 prescribed	 by	 GAAP	 and	 are,	 therefore,	 unlikely	 to	 be	 comparable	 to	 similar	 measures	
presented	by	other	companies.
Management	uses	these	measures,	and	excludes	certain	items,	because	it	believes	doing	so	provides	investors	a	more	
effective	analysis	of	underlying	operating	and	financial	performance,	including,	in	some	cases,	our	ability	to	generate	
cash.	Management	also	uses	these	measures	to	more	effectively	measure	performance	over	time,	and	excluding	these	
items	increases	comparability	across	periods.	The	exclusion	of	certain	items	does	not	imply	that	they	are	non-recurring	
or	not	useful	to	investors.
We	 present	 adjusted	 earnings	 per	 share,	 adjusted	 diluted	 earnings	 per	 share,	 and	 adjusted	 net	 income	 to	 indicate	
ongoing	 financial	 performance	 from	 period	 to	 period,	 exclusive	 of	 a	 number	 of	 adjustments	 as	 outlined	 under	 the	
heading	 "Adjusted	 Net	 Income	 attributable	 to	 equity	 holders	 of	 TMX	 Group	 and	 Adjusted	 Earnings	 Per	 Share	
Reconciliation	for	2025	and	2024".
We	 have	 also	 presented	 long	 term	 adjusted	 EPS	 CAGR	 as	 a	 financial	 objective	 which	 is	 the	 growth	 rate	 in	 adjusted	
diluted	 earnings	 per	 share	 over	 time,	 exclusive	 of	 adjustments	 that	 impact	 the	 comparability	 of	 adjusted	 EPS	 from	
period	 to	 period,	 including	 those	 outlined	 under	 the	 heading	 "Adjusted	 Net	 Income	 attributable	 to	 equity	 holders	 of	
TMX	Group	and	Adjusted	Earnings	Per	Share	Reconciliation	for	 2025	and	2024".	The	adjusted	EPS	CAGR	is	based	on	the	
assumptions	 outlined	 under	 the	 heading	 "Caution	 Regarding	 Forward	 Looking	 Information	 -	 Assumptions	 related	 to	
long	term	financial	objectives".
Similarly,	 we	 present	 the	 dividend	 payout	 ratio	 based	 on	 dividends	 paid	 divided	 by	 adjusted	 earnings	 per	 share	 as	 a	
measure	of	TMX	Group's	ability	to	make	dividend	payments,	exclusive	of	a	number	of	adjustments	as	outlined	under	
the	 heading	 "Adjusted	 Net	 Income	 attributable	 to	 equity	 holders	 of	 TMX	 Group	 and	 Adjusted	 Earnings	 Per	 Share	
Reconciliation	for	2025	and	2024".
Debt	to	adjusted	EBITDA	ratio	is	a	non-GAAP	measure	defined	as	total	long	term	debt	and	debt	maturing	within	one	
year	divided	by	adjusted	EBITDA.	Adjusted	EBITDA	is	calculated	as	net	income	excluding	interest	expense,	income	tax	
expense,	depreciation	and	amortization,	transaction	related	costs,	integration	costs,	one-time	income	(loss),	and	other	
significant	items	that	are	not	reflective	of	TMX	Group's	underlying	business	operations.
Page	26
28	As	defined	in	National	Instrument	52-112	Non-GAAP	and	Other	Financial	Measures	Disclosure.
29	As	defined	in	National	Instrument	52-112	Non-GAAP	and	Other	Financial	Measures	Disclosure.
Year	ended	December	31,	2025	(2025)	Compared	with	Year	ended	December	31,	2024	(2024)
The	information	below	is	derived	from	the	financial	statements	of	TMX	Group	for	2025	compared	with	2024.
(in	millions	of	dollars,	except	per	
share	amounts)	 2025 2024 $	increase	/	
(decrease)
%	increase	/	
(decrease)
Revenue $1,717.2 $1,460.1 $257.1 18%
Operating	expenses 946.2 817.8 128.4 16%
Income	from	operations 771.0 642.3 128.7 20%
Net	income	attributable	to	equity	
holders	of	TMX	Group 415.7 481.5 (65.8) (14)%
Adjusted	net	income	attributable	to	
equity	holders	of	TMX	Group30 595.8 475.0 120.8 25%
Earnings	per	share	attributable	to	
equity	holders	of	TMX	Group
Basic 1.49 1.74 (0.25) (14)%
Diluted 1.49 1.73 (0.24) (14)%
Adjusted	Earnings	per	share	
attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	
Group31
Basic 2.14 1.71 0.43 25%
Diluted 2.13 1.70 0.43 25%
Cash	flows	from	operating	activities 764.8 623.4 141.4 23%
Net	Income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group	and	Earnings	per	Share
Net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group	in	 2025	was	$415.7	million,	or	$1.49	per	common	share	on	a	
basic	and	$1.49	per	share	on	a	diluted	basis,	compared	with	 $481.5	million,	or	$1.74	per	common	share	on	a	basic	and	
$1.73	on	a	diluted	basis	for	 2024.	The	decrease	in	net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group	reflects	a	
$98.2	million	increase	in	net	finance	costs	largely	driven	by	net	foreign	exchange	loss	on	the	translation	of	monetary	
assets	 and	 liabilities	 in	 2025	 compared	 with	 net	 foreign	 exchange	 gains	 in	 2024,	 a	 non-cash	 gain	 of	 $57.1	 million	
recognized	 in	 2024	 resulting	 from	 the	 fair	 value	 remeasurement	 of	 our	 previously	 held	 minority	 interest	 in	 VettaFi	
(equity-accounted	 from	 January	 9,	 2023	 prior	 to	 acquisition	 of	 control	 on	 January	 2,	 2024),	 and	 higher	 income	 tax	
expense.	These	decreases	were	somewhat	offset	by	an	increase	in	income	from	operations	of	$128.7	million	from	2024	
to	2025	driven	by	higher	revenue	of	$257.1	million,	partially	offset	by	higher	operating	expenses	of	$128.4	million.
The	 18%	 increase	 in	 revenue	 was	 largely	 attributable	 to	 a	 32%	 increase	 in	 revenue	 from	 Derivatives	 Trading	 and	
Clearing,	an	18%	increase	in	TMX	Trayport,	a	24%	increase	in	TMX	VettaFi,	a	20%	revenue	increase	in	Equities	and	Fixed	
Income	Trading,	a	9%	increase	in	Capital	Formation,	and	a	9%	increase	in	TMX	Datalinx.	Revenue	increase	from	2024	to	
2025	 included	 $32.8	 million	 higher	 revenue	 related	 to	 the	 acquisitions	 of	 Newsfile	 (acquired	 August	 7,	 2024),	 iNDEX	
Research	(acquired	October	15,	2024),	Bond	Indices	(acquired	February	20,	2025),	ETF	Stream	(acquired	June	16,	2025),	
Page	27
30	Adjusted	net	income	is	a	non-GAAP	measure,	see	discussion	under	the	heading 	"Non-GAAP	Measures".	Revised	to	conform	with	
current	period	composition.
31	Adjusted	earnings	per	share	is	a	non-GAAP	ratio,	see	discussion	under	the	heading	"Non-GAAP	Measures".	Revised	to	conform	
with	current	period	composition.
Verity	(acquired	October	1,	2025),	and	the	addition	of	nuclear	sector	indices	in	October	2025.	Revenue	excluding	these	
acquisitions	and	additions	was	up	15%	in	2025	compared	with	2024.
There	was	an	increase	in	operating	expenses	of	$128.4	million,	which	included	approximately	$19.6	million	of	operating	
expenses	 related	 to	 Newsfile	 (acquired	 August	 7,	 2024),	 iNDEX	 Research	 (acquired	 October	 15,	 2024),	 Bond	 Indices	
(acquired	February	20,	2025),	ETF	Stream	(acquired	June	16,	2025)	and	Verity	(acquired	October	1,	2025),	 $15.3	million	
of	BOX	CAT-related	expenses 32	in	 2025,	$13.6	million	of	higher	dispute	and	litigation	costs 33,	and	 $12.0	million	related	
to	strategic	re-alignment	expenses	in	 2025.	There	were	also	increases	of	 $10.7	million	in	contingent	payments	accrual	
related	to	Newsfile	and	iNDEX	Research,	as	well	as	 $3.0	million	related	to	amortization	of	recently	acquired	intangibles	
(Newsfile,	iNDEX	Research,	Bond	Indices,	ETF	Stream,	and	Verity).	There	were	also	merit	increases,	higher	short-term	
employee	performance	incentive	plan	costs,	increased	headcount	and	related	costs,	increased	software	and	licensing	
fees,	 higher	 depreciation	 and	 amortization	 driven	 by	 our	 PTM	 project	 which	 went	 live	 on	 April	 28,	 2025,	 and	 higher	
costs	related	to	AlphaX	US.	Somewhat	offsetting	these	increases	was	a	 $6.4	million	decrease	in	acquisition	and	related	
costs,	a	 $2.0	million	decrease	in	integration	costs	from	 2024	to	 2025,	and	$1.3	million	relating	to	an	onerous	contract	
provision	true-up	in	2024.
Adjusted	Net	Income34	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group	and	Adjusted	Earnings	per	
Share35	Reconciliation	for	2025	and	2024
The	following	tables	present	reconciliations	of	net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group	to	adjusted	net	
income	 attributable	 to	 equity	 holders	 of	 TMX	 Group	 and	 earnings	 per	 share	 to	 adjusted	 earnings	 per	 share.	 The	
financial	results	have	been	adjusted	for	the	following:
1. The	amortization	expenses	of	intangible	assets	in	 2024	and	 2025	related	to	the	2012	Maple	transaction	(TSX,	
TSXV,	MX,	Alpha,	Shorcan),	TSX	Trust,	TMX	Trayport	(including	VisoTech	and	Tradesignal),	AST	Canada,	BOX,	
and	 Wall	 Street	 Horizon	 (WSH),	 TMX	 VettaFi,	 Newsfile	 (acquired	 August	 7,	 2024),	 and	 iNDEX	 Research	
(acquired	 October	 15,	 2024).	 2025	 also	 includes	 amortization	 expenses	 of	 intangible	 assets	 related	 to	 Bond	
Indices	 (acquired	 February	 20,	 2025),	 ETF	 Stream	 (acquired	 June	 16,	 2025),	 and	 Verity	 (acquired	 October	 1,	
2025).	These	costs	are	a	component	of	Depreciation	and	amortization.
2. Acquisition	 and	 related	 costs	 in	 2024	 includes	 VettaFi	 (equity-accounted	 from	 January	 9,	 2023	 prior	 to	
acquisition	of	control	on	January	2,	2024),	and	 potential	merger,	acquisition,	and	similar	activities.	Acquisition	
and	 related	 costs	 in	 2024	 and	 2025	 also	 include	 Newsfile	 (acquired	 August	 7,	 2024),	 and	 iNDEX	 Research	
(acquired	 October	 15,	 2024).	 Lastly,	 2025	 includes	 acquisition	 and	 related	 costs	 for	 Bond	 Indices	 (acquired	
February	 20,	 2025),	 ETF	 Stream	 (acquired	 June	 16,	 2025),	 Verity	 (acquired	 October	 1,	 2025),	 and	 potential	
merger,	 acquisition,	 and	 similar	 activities.	 These	 costs	 are	 included	 in	 Selling,	 general	 and	 administration,	
Information	and	trading	systems	(Bond	Indices),	and	Net	Finance	Income	(Costs)	(VettaFi).
3. Integration	costs	related	to	the	VettaFi	and	Newsfile	acquisitions	in	 2024	and	2025.	There	are	also	integration	
costs	 related	 to	 INDEX	 Research,	 Bond	 Indices,	 ETF	 Stream,	 and	 Verity	 in	 2025.	 These	 costs	 are	 included	 in	
Compensation	and	benefits,	Selling,	general	and	administration,	Information	and	trading	systems	 (VettaFi	and	
Newsfile),	and	Net	Finance	Income	(Costs)	(VettaFi).
4. Dispute	 and	 litigation	 costs	 in	 2024	 and	 2025	 includes	 settlement	 provision,	 and	 external	 legal	 and	 other	
advisory	 services	 related	 to	 matters	 which	 are	 outside	 of	 the	 ordinary	 course	 of	 business.	 These	 costs	 are	
included	in	Selling,	general	and	administration.
Page	28
32	 See	 item	 10	 under	 the	 heading	 "Adjusted	 Net	 Income	 attributable	 to	 equity	 holders	 of	 TMX	 Group	 and	 Adjusted	 Earnings	 per	
Share	Reconciliation	for	2025	and	2024".
33	See	item	4	under	the	heading	"Adjusted	Net	Income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group	and	Adjusted	Earnings	per	Share	
Reconciliation	for	2025	and	2024".
34Adjusted	net	income	is	a	non-GAAP	measure,	see	discussion	under	the	heading	"Non-GAAP	Measures".	
35Adjusted	earnings	per	share	is	a	non-GAAP	ratio,	see	discussion	under	the	heading	"Non-GAAP	Measures".
5. Loss	 related	 to	 the	 impairment	 of	 an	 equity-accounted	 investment	 in	 2025,	 and	 the	 gain	 resulting	 from	 the	
remeasurement	of	our	previously	held	minority	interest	in	VettaFi	(fully	acquired	January	2,	2024)	in	 2024,	are	
included	in	Other	Income.
6. 2024	 includes	 a	 true-up	 of	 an	 onerous	 contract	 provision	 for	 our	 AST	 facilities,	 which	 is	 included	 in	 Selling,	
general	and	administration.
7. Change	in	fair	value	related	to	contingent	payments	accrual,	 2024	reflects	a	net	increase	assumed	as	part	of	
previous	 acquisitions,	 namely	 WSH	 (acquired	 November	 2022),	 and	 VettaFi's	 legacy	 acquisition	 of	 ROBO	
Global	(acquired	April	2023,	prior	to	TMX	acquisition	of	control).	 2025	also	reflects	a	net	increase	assumed	as	
part	of	the	acquisitions	of	Newsfile,	iNDEX	Research,	and	VettaFi's	legacy	acquisition	of	ROBO	Global.	These	
changes	are	included	in	 Compensation	and	benefits 	(Newsfile	and	iNDEX	Research) ,	and	 Net	Finance	Income	
(Costs)	(WSH,	VettaFi,	and	iNDEX	Research).
8. Net	 gain	 on	 foreign	 exchange	 (FX)	 forwards	 in	 2024,	 and	 net	 gain	 on	 translation	 of	 monetary	 assets	 and	
liabilities	denominated	in	foreign	currencies	in	 2024	and	net	loss	in	 2025.	These	changes	are	included	in	 Net	
Finance	Costs	in	2024	and	2025.
9. 2025	 strategic	 re-alignment	 expenses	 are	 primarily	 included	 in	 Compensation	 and	 benefits	 and	 Information	
and	trading	systems.
10. Net	amount	of	the	r egulatory	charge	passed	through	to	BOX	by	its	Self	Regulatory	Organizatio n	(SRO)	in	 2025	
as	a	result	of	SRO	impairment	of	the	asset	related	to	the	Consolidated	Audit	Trail	(CAT),	a	system	mandated	by	
the	SEC	to	track	U.S.	equity	and	options	trading.	The	gross	amount,	including	NCI,	is	included	in	Selling,	general	
and	administration.
The	table	below	summarizes	the	presentation	of	the	pre-tax	adjustments	related	to	2024	and	2025:
	
(in	millions	of	dollars)
pre-tax	adjustments 2025 2024
Compensation	and	benefits 28.8 9.2
Information	and	trading	systems 2.4 1.0
Selling,	general,	and	administration 27.4 14.4
Depreciation	and	amortization 114.4 107.9
Total	adjustments	to	operating	expenses 173.0 132.5
Net	Finance	Costs 50.0 (53.9)
Other	Income 0.9 (57.1)
Page	29
Pre-tax Tax After-tax
(in	millions	of	dollars)
(unaudited) 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 $	increase	/	
(decrease)
%	increase	/	
(decrease)
Net	income	attributable	to	equity	
holders	of	TMX	Group $415.7 $481.5 $(65.8) (14)%
Adjustments	related	to:
Amortization	of	intangibles	
related	to	acquisitions36 114.4 107.8 28.3 30.0 86.1 77.8 8.3 11%
Acquisition	and	related	costs37 3.9 11.6 — 2.2 3.9 9.4 (5.5) (59%)
Integration	costs 6.2 8.6 1.6 2.3 4.6 6.3 (1.7) (27%)
Dispute	and	litigation	costs38 14.1 0.6 3.1 0.1 11.0 0.5 10.5 2,100%
Loss	from	impairment	or	
(Gain)	from	fair	value	
revaluation	of	equity	
investments
0.9 (57.1) — — 0.9 (57.1) 58.0 (102%)
True-up	of	onerous	contract	
provision — 1.3 — 0.4 — 1.0 (1.0) (100)%
Contingent	payments	accrual	
and	fair	value	adjustment39 26.5 (0.5) 0.4 — 26.1 (0.5) 26.6 (5,320)%
Net	loss	(gain)	from	FX	
forwards	and	translation	of	
monetary	assets	and	liabilities	
denominated	in	foreign	
currencies
38.5 (50.8) 5.2 (6.9) 33.3 (43.9) 77.2 176%
Strategic	re-alignment	
expenses40 12.0 — 3.2 — 8.8 — 8.8 n/a
BOX	Consolidated	Audit	Trail	
(CAT)	related	expenses 7.3 — 1.9 — 5.4 — 5.4 n/a
Adjusted	net	income	attributable	
to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group41 $595.8 $475.0 120.8 25%
Adjusted	 net	 income	 attributable	 to	 equity	 holders	 of	 TMX	 Group	 increased	 by	 25%	 from	 $475.0	 million	 in	 2024	 to	
$595.8	million	in	2025	driven	by	an	increase	in	income	from	operations,	partially	offset	by	higher	income	tax	expense.
Page	30
36	Includes	amortization	expense	of	acquired	intangibles	including	Newsfile,	iNDEX	Research,	Bond	Indices,	ETF	Stream	and	Verity	in	
2025.
37	For	additional	information,	see	discussion	under	the	heading	"Initiatives	and	Accomplishments".	Revised	to	conform	with	current	
period	composition.
38	Revised	to	conform	with	current	period	composition.
39	Includes	amounts	related	to	WSH,	ROBO	Global,	Newsfile,	and	iNDEX	Research.
40	For	additional	information,	see	discussion	under	the	heading	"Initiatives	and	Accomplishments".
41	 Adjusted	 net	 income	 is	 a	 non-GAAP	 measure,	 see	 discussion	 under	 the	 heading	 "Non-GAAP	 Measures".	 The	 reconciliation	 for	
Adjusted	 Net	 Income	 in	 2025	 is	 presented	 without	 rounding	 adjustments	 for	 better	 accuracy.	 Revised	 to	 conform	 with	 current	
period	composition.
2025 2024
(unaudited) Basic Diluted Basic Diluted
Earnings	per	share	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	
Group $1.49 $1.49 $1.74 $1.73
Adjustments	related	to:
Amortization	of	intangibles	related	to	acquisitions42 0.31 0.31 0.28 0.28
Acquisition	and	related	costs43 0.01 0.01 0.03 0.03
Integration	costs 0.02 0.02 0.02 0.02
Dispute	and	litigation	costs 0.04 0.04 — —
Loss	from	impairment	or	(Gain)	from	fair	value	
revaluation	of	equity	investments — — (0.21) (0.20)
Contingent	payments	accrual	and	fair	value	adjustment44 0.09 0.09 — —
Net	loss	(gain)	from	FX	forwards	and	translation	of	
monetary	assets	and	liabilities	denominated	in	foreign	
currencies
0.12 0.12 (0.16) (0.16)
Strategic	re-alignment	expenses45 0.03 0.03 — —
BOX	Consolidated	Audit	Trail	(CAT)	related	expenses 0.02 0.02 — —
Adjusted	earnings	per	share	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	
TMX	Group46 2.14 2.13 $1.71 $1.70
Weighted	average	number	of	common	shares	outstanding 278,084,031 279,597,612 277,417,579 278,717,460
Adjusted	 diluted	 earnings	 per	 share	 increased	 by	 25%	 or	 43	 cents	 from	 $1.70	 in	 2024	 to	 $2.13	 in	 2025	 primarily	
reflecting	an	increase	in	income	from	operations	from	 2024	to	2025,	partially	offset	by	higher	income	tax	expense	and	
higher	share	count.
	
Page	31
42	Includes	amortization	expense	of	acquired	intangibles	including	Newsfile,	iNDEX	Research,	Bond	Indices,	ETF	Stream,	and	Verity	in	
2025.
43	For	additional	information,	see	discussion	under	the	heading	"Initiatives	and	Accomplishments".	Revised	to	conform	with	current	
period	composition.
44	Includes	amounts	related	to	Newsfile	and	iNDEX	Research.
45	For	additional	information,	see	discussion	under	the	heading	"Initiatives	and	Accomplishments".
46	Adjusted	earnings	per	share	is	a	non-GAAP	ratio,	see	discussion	under	the	heading	"Non-GAAP	Measures".	 "True-up	of	onerous	
contract	 provision"	 is	 not	 presented	 in	 the	 reconciliation	 in	 2025,	 and	 "Dispute	 and	 litigation	 costs"	 and	 "Contingent	 payments	
accrual	 and	 fair	 value	 adjustment"	 is	 not	 presented	 in	 2024,	 due	 to	 the	 size	 of	 the	 adjustment	 being	 less	 than	 a	 penny.	 The	
reconciliation	 for	 Adjusted	 earnings	 per	 share	 in	 2025	 is	 presented	 without	 rounding	 adjustments	 for	 better	 accuracy.	 Revised	 to	
conform	with	current	period	composition.
Revenue
(in	millions	of	dollars) 2025 2024 $	increase %	increase
Capital	Formation $297.4 $272.8 $24.6 9%
Equities	and	Fixed	Income	Trading	
and	Clearing 283.4 253.8 29.6 12%
Derivatives	Trading	and	Clearing 434.5 329.0 105.5 32%
Global	Insights 701.8 604.5 97.3 16%
Other 0.1 — 0.1 n/a
1,717.2 $1,460.1 $257.1 18%
Revenue	 was	 $1,717.2	 million	 in	 2025,	 up	 $257.1	 million	 or	 18%	 compared	 with	 $1,460.1	 million	 in	 2024	 largely	
attributable	to	a	 32%	increase	in	revenue	from	 Derivatives	Trading	and	Clearing ,	an	 18%	increase	in	TMX	Trayport,	a 	
24%	 increase	 in	 TMX	 VettaFi,	 a	 20%	 revenue	 increase	 in	 Equities	 and	 Fixed	 Income	 Trading,	 a	 9%	 increase	 in	 Capital	
Formation,	and	a	9%	increase	in	TMX	Datalinx. 	There	was	also	increased	revenue	attributable	to	a	favorable	FX	impact	
driven	by	a	stronger	USD	and	GBP	relative	to	the	CAD	in	2025	compared	with	2024.
2025	revenue	 included	$32.8	million	higher	revenue	related	to	the	acquisitions	of	Newsfile	(acquired	August	7,	2024 ),	
iNDEX	Research	(acquired	October	15,	2024),	Bond	Indices	(acquired	February	20,	2025),	ETF	Stream	(acquired	June	16,	
2025),	Verity	(acquired	October	1,	2025),	and	the	addition	of	nuclear	sector	indices	in	October	2025.	Revenue	excluding	
Newsfile,	iNDEX	Research,	Bond	Indices,	ETF	Stream,	Verity,	 and	the	addition	of	nuclear	sector	indices	was	up	15%	in	
2025	compared	with	2024.
Capital	Formation
(in	millions	of	dollars) 2025 2024 $	increase %	increase
Initial	listing	fees $9.1 $7.9 $1.2 15%
Additional	listing	fees 88.5 69.8 18.7 27%
Sustaining	listing	fees 81.2 79.3 1.9 2%
TMX	Corporate	Solutions 118.6 115.8 2.8 2%
$297.4 $272.8 $24.6 9%
• Initial	 listing	 fees	 in	 2025	 were	 up	 15%	 from	 2024,	 largely	 attributable	 to	 increases	 in	 ETFs.	 We	 also	 recognized	
initial	listing	fees 	received	in	 2024	and	 2025	of	 $6.7	million	in	 2025	compared	with	 initial	listing	fees 	received	in	
2023	and	2024	of	$6.8	million	in	2024.
• Based	on	initial	listing	fees 	billed	in	 2025,	the	following	amounts	have	been	deferred	to	be	recognized	in	Q1/26,	
Q2/26,	Q3/26	and	Q4/26:	$1.7	million,	$1.3	million,	$0.9	million	and	$0.2	million	respectively.	Total	 initial	listing	
fees	revenue	for	future	quarters	will	also	depend	on	listing	activity	in	those	quarters.
• Additional	 listing	 fees	 in	 2025	 increased	 by	 27%	 compared	 to	 2024.	 On	 TSX,	 additional	 listing	 fee	 rose	 23%,	
reflecting	a	44%	increase	in	the	number	of	transactions	billed	at	the	maximum	listing	fee	of	$250,000,	and	a	 16%	
Page	32
higher	 average	 fee	 for	 transactions	 billed	 below	 the	 maximum	 fee.	 On	 TSXV,	 additional	 listing	 fees	 increased	 by	
33%,	driven	by	higher	volume	of	transactions	billed	at	both	the	maximum	listing	fee	and	non-max	rates, 	and	a	15%	
increase	 in	 average	 fee	 for	 transactions	 billed	 below	 the	 maximum	 fee .	 Additional	 listings	 revenue	 for	 2025	
included	$52.8	million	for	TSX	and	$35.7	million	for	TSXV,	compared	with	$42.9	million	for	TSX	and	$26.9	million	
for	TSXV	in	2024.
• Issuers	listed	on	TSX	and	TSXV	pay	annual	 sustaining	listing	fees 	primarily	based	on	their	market	capitalization	at	
the	end	of	the	prior	calendar	year,	subject	to	minimum	and	maximum	fees. 	Sustaining	listing	fees	on	both	TSX	and	
TSXV	increased	from	2024	to	2025	reflecting	higher	market	capitalization.
• TMX	 Corporate	 Solutions 	 (previously	 Other	 Issuer	 Services )	 revenue	 which	 includes	 TSX	 Trust	 and	 Newsfile,	
increased	 2%	 in	 2025	 compared	 to	 2024,	 reflecting	 higher	 revenue	 from	 Newsfile	 (acquired	 August	 7,	 2024)	 of	
$9.8	million,	as	well	as	higher	transfer	agency	 fees.	These	increases	were	somewhat	offset	by	lower	net	interest	
income	revenue	primarily	due	to	lower	yields	and	lower	average	cash	balance.
Equities	and	Fixed	Income	Trading	and	Clearing	
(in	millions	of	dollars) 2025 2024 $	increase	 %	increase
Equities	and	fixed	income	trading $154.2 $128.0 $26.2 20%
Equities	and	fixed	Income	clearing,	
settlement,	depository	and	other	
services	(CDS)
129.2 125.8 3.4 3%
$283.4 $253.8 $29.6 12%
• Equities	 Trading	 revenue	 increased	 in	 2025	 compared	 with	 2024	 reflecting	 higher	 volumes,	 and	 higher	 yields	
primarily	related	to	market	on	close	facility	and	continuous	trading.	The	overall	volume	of	securities	traded	on	our	
equities	 marketplaces	 increased	 by	 27%	 (167.6	 billion	 securities	 in	 2025	 versus	 132.5	 billion	 securities	 in	 2024).	
There	were	volume	increases	of	19%	on	TSX,	45%	on	TSXV,	and	30%	on	Alpha	in	2025	compared	with	2024.
• Fixed	 income	 trading	 declined	 in	 2025,	 primarily	 due	 to	 lower	 activity	 in	 the	 credit	 and	 swap	 markets.	 This	 was	
partially	offset	by	increased	activity	in	Government	of	Canada	bonds,	driven	by	increased	volatility	around	tariffs.
• CDS	 revenue	 increased	 from	 2024	 to	 2025	 mainly	 due	 to	 higher	 depository	 and	 clearing	 revenue,	 driven	 by	 an	
increase	in	exchange	traded	volumes,	partially	offset	by	higher	rebates	and	lower	interest	on	clearing	funds.
• Excluding	intentional	crosses,	for	TSX	and	TSXV	listed	issues,	our	combined	domestic	equities	trading	market	share	
was	 approximately	 61%	 in	 2025,	 down	 2%	 from	 approximately	 63%	 in	 2024.47	 We	 only	 trade	 securities	 that	 are	
listed	on	TSX	or	TSXV.	
• Excluding	intentional	crosses,	in	all	listed	issues	in	Canada,	our	combined	domestic	equities	trading	market	share	
was	approximately	56%	in	2025,	down	1%	from	approximately	57%	in	202448.	
Page	33
47	Source:	CIRO.
48	Source:	CIRO.
Derivatives	Trading	and	Clearing
(in	millions	of	dollars) 2025 2024 $	increase %	increase
Derivatives	Trading	and	Clearing	(excl.	BOX) $246.4 $188.6 $57.8 31%
BOX 188.1 140.4 47.7 34%
$434.5 $329.0 $105.5 32%
Derivatives	Trading	and	Clearing	(excl.	BOX)
The	increase	in	revenue	in	 Derivatives	Trading	and	Clearing	(excl.	BOX)	 was	driven	by	a	35%	and	22%	increase	in	MX	
and	CDCC	revenue	respectively.	The	MX	revenue	increase	was	primarily	driven	by	higher	volumes	and	an	increase	in	
rate	per	contract,	primarily	reflecting	the	sunset	of	the	CRA	market	making	program	in	 2025,	as	well	as	the	sunset	of	
the	CGF	market	making	program	in	 2024.	Overall	volumes	increased	19 %	from	 2024	to	 2025	(234.4	million	contracts	
traded	in	2025	versus	196.5	million	contracts	traded	in	2024).	The	increase	in	CDCC	revenue	primarily	reflected	positive	
impact	from	higher	clearing	volumes,	as	well	as	higher	REPO	driven	by	price	changes	and	higher	volumes.
BOX
BOX	revenue	increased	by	 $47.7	million	or	34%	in	2025	compared	to	2024,	reflecting	higher	volumes	and	a	higher	rate	
per	contract	driven	by	a	favourable	product	mix.	Volumes	on	BOX	were	up	approximately	27%	(969.0	million	contracts	
traded	 in	 2025	 versus	 763.2	 million	 contracts	 traded	 in	 2024),	 and	 BOX	 market	 share	 in	 equity	 options	 was	
approximately	7%	in	2025,	unchanged	from	2024.	
The	following	table	summarizes	the	BOX	volume	and	the	equity	option	market	over	the	last	eight	quarters:
Q4/25 Q3/25 Q2/25 Q1/25 Q4/24 Q3/24 Q2/24 Q1/24
Volume	(million	contracts) 247 236 241 245 212 186 186 179
Market	Share	(equity	options) 6% 7% 7% 8% 7% 7% 7% 7%
Revenue	(in	millions	of	CAD) $48.7 $44.9 $45.4 $49.1 $42.1 $35.3 $32.8 $30.2
Average	USD-CAD	FX	rate 1.40 1.38 1.38 1.44 1.40 1.36 1.37 1.35
Revenue	(in	millions	of	USD) $34.9 $32.6 $32.8 $34.2 $30.1 $25.9 $24.0 $22.4
Page	34
Global	Insights
(in	millions	of	dollars) 2025 2024 $	increase %	increase
TMX	Trayport $277.4 $235.0 $42.4 18%
TMX	Datalinx	 253.0 231.1 21.9 9%
TMX	VettaFi 171.4 138.4 33.0 24%
$701.8 $604.5 $97.3 16%
The	increase	in	Global	Insights	revenue	in	2025	compared	with	2024	reflects	a	18%	increase	from	TMX	Trayport,	a	 24%	
increase	 in	 revenue	 for	 TMX	 VettaFi,	 as	 well	 as	 a	 9%	 increase	 from	 TMX	 Datalinx.	 There	 were	 also	 favourable	 FX	
impacts	from	a	stronger	USD	relative	to	the	Canadian	dollar	on	TMX	Datalinx	revenue	and	TMX	VettaFi	revenue,	and	a	
stronger	GBP	on	TMX	Trayport	revenue.	
TMX	Trayport	
The	 following	 table	 summarizes	 the	 average	 number	 of	 TMX	 Trayport	 licensees,	 connections,	 Annual	 Recurring	
Revenue	(ARR),	and	average	Net	Revenue	Retention	(NRR)	over	the	last	eight	quarters49:
Q4/25 Q3/25 Q2/25 Q1/25 Q4/24 Q3/24 Q2/24 Q1/24
Total	Licensees 10,419 10,174 10,201 10,080 9,786 9,541 9,239 9,107
Total	Connections 29,413 29,089 28,827 28,538 27,507 26,383 26,362 26,431
ARR	(in	millions	of	CAD) $275.8 $275.7 $272.7 $263.5 $235.4 $234.5 $220.1 $215.1
ARR	(in	millions	of	GBP) £149.6 £148.6 £146.5 £144.3 £131.1 £131.0 £127.2 £125.8
Average	Net	Revenue	Retention 100% 101% 102% 107% 103% 103% 101% 110%
Revenue	(in	millions	of	CAD) $70.1 $69.5 $71.3 $66.4 $63.4 $60.0 $56.4 $55.2
Revenue	(in	millions	of	GBP) £38.0 £37.5 £38.3 £36.4 £35.3 £33.5 £32.6 £32.2
Average	GBP-CAD	FX	rate 1.84 1.85 1.86 1.82 1.80 1.79 1.73 1.71
Revenue	 from	 TMX	 Trayport	 increased	 by	 18%	 from	 2024	 to	 2025.	 In	 GBP,	 revenue	 from	 TMX	 Trayport	 was	 £150.2	
million	 in	 2025,	 up	 12%	 compared	 to	 2024.	 The	 increase	 in	 TMX	 Trayport	 revenue	 from	 2024	 to	 2025	 was	 primarily	
driven	 by	 a	 8%	 increase	 in	 total	 licensees,	 annual	 price	 adjustments,	 higher	 revenue	 from	 data	 analytics	 and	 other	
trader	 products.	 There	 was	 also	 an	 increase	 of	 £1.8	 million	 in	 non-recurring	 consulting	 revenue	 from	 £1.1	 million	 in	
2024	to	£2.9	million	in	 2025.	FX	had	a	favourable	impact	of	$ 13.4	million	due	to	a	stronger	GBP	compared	to	Canadian	
dollar.
Total	 Licensees	 represent	 the	 count	 of	 unique	 chargeable	 licenses	 of	 core	 TMX	 Trayport	 products	 across	 customer	
segments	 including	 Traders,	 Brokers	 and	 Exchanges.	 Total	 Connections	 represents	 the	 number	 of	 connections	 to	 the	
Trayport	network.	While	not	every	individual	connection	is	tied	to	revenue,	it	demonstrates	the	power	of	the	overall	
Trayport	network.
ARR	 is	 calculated	 as	 the	 average	 recurring	 revenue	 for	 the	 quarter	 multiplied	 by	 four.	 Average	 NRR	 represents	 the	
percentage	 of	 recurring	 revenue	 generated	 from	 existing	 clients	 from	 one	 quarter	 to	 the	 next	 on	 a	 sequential	 basis.	
Revenue	from	new	clients	is	excluded	in	the	calculation.	A	NRR	of	100%	reflects	the	same	spend	by	existing	clients	from	
one	quarter	to	the	next.
Page	35
49	Prior	quarters	have	been	updated	to	be	consistent	with	current	quarter	methodology.
TMX	Datalinx
Revenue	 from	 TMX	 Datalinx	 increased	 by	 9%	 from	 2024	 to	 2025,	 reflecting	 the	 inclusion	 of	 $7.9	 million	 from	 Verity	
(acquired	 October	 1,	 2025),	 higher	 revenues	 related	 to	 increases	 in	 data	 feeds,	 benchmark	 and	 indices,	 co-location,	
analytics,	and	the	positive	impact	of	annual	price	adjustments.	These	increases	were	partially	offset	by	lower	subscriber	
and	usage	based	revenue	 due	to	a	client-specific	reduction	in	enterprise	agreement	renewals .	There	was	a	favourable	
FX	impact	of	approximately	$2.5	million	from	a	stronger	U.S.	dollar	relative	to	the	Canadian	dollar	in	 2025	compared	
with	2024.
• The	average	number	of	professional	market	data	subscriptions	for	TSX	and	TSXV	products	was	down	1%	in	 2025	
compared	to	2024	(96,064	professional	market	data	subscriptions	in	2025	compared	with	97,063	in	2024)50.	
• The	 average	 number	 of	 MX	 professional	 market	 data	 subscriptions	 was	 slightly	 increased	 from	 2024	 to	 2025	
(21,265	MX	professional	market	data	subscriptions	in	2025	compared	with	21,144	in	2024).
TMX	VettaFi
Revenue	from	TMX	VettaFi	increased	by	 24%	from	 2024	to	 2025.	In	USD,	TMX	VettaFi	revenue	 was	$122.8	million	in	
2025,	 up	 21%	 compared	 to	 2024.	 The	 revenue	 increase	 was	 primarily	 driven	 by	 higher	 indexing	 revenue	 reflecting	
organic	growth	in	assets	under	management	(AUM),	and	$15.2	million	related	to	iNDEX	Research	(acquired	October	15,	
2024),	 Bond	 Indices	 (acquired	 February	 20,	 2025),	 ETF	 Stream	 (acquired	 June	 16,	 2025),	 and	 the	 addition	 of	 nuclear	
sector	indices	in	October	2025. 	There	were	also	higher	analytics	revenue,	partially	offset	by	lower	revenue	from	digital	
distribution.
The	following	table	summarizes	the	revenue	for	the	last	eight	quarters51:
Q4/25 Q3/25 Q2/25 Q1/25 Q4/24 Q3/24 Q2/24 Q1/24
AUM	(average,	in	billions	of	USD) 75.7 70.0 57.9 54.9 51.7 36.6 35.5 34.2
AUM	(end	of	period,	in	billions	of	USD) 77.5 71.1 65.2 56.0 51.9 37.8 35.9 35.7
Revenue	(in	millions	of	CAD) $46.0 $42.1 $37.4 $45.9 $37.4 $31.1 $32.0 $37.9
Average	USD-CAD	FX	rate 1.38 1.39 1.37 1.44 1.40 1.36 1.37 1.35
Revenue	(in	millions	of	USD) $33.3 $30.3 $27.3 $31.9 $26.6 $23.0 $23.3 $28.2
Page	36
50	Prior	year	has	been	updated	to	be	consistent	with	current	year	methodology.
51	Prior	quarters	have	been	updated	to	be	consistent	with	current	quarter	methodology.
Operating	expenses
(in	millions	of	dollars) 2025 2024 $	increase %	increase
Compensation	and	benefits 464.6 $389.1 $75.5 19%
Information	and	trading	systems 127.4 112.2 15.2 14%
Selling,	general	and	administration 173.5 150.9 22.6 15%
Depreciation	and	amortization 180.7 165.6 15.1 9%
$946.2 $817.8 $128.4 16%
Operating	expenses	in	2025	were	$946.2	million,	up	$128.4	million	or	16%,	from	$817.8	million	in	2024.	The	increase	from	
2024	to	 2025	reflected	approximately	 $19.6	million	of	operating	expenses	related	to	Newsfile	(acquired	August	7,	2024),	
iNDEX	 Research	 (acquired	 October	 15,	 2024),	 Bond	 Indices	 (acquired	 February	 20,	 2025),	 ETF	 Stream	 (acquired	 June	 16,	
2025)	and	Verity	(acquired	October	1,	2025),	 $15.3	million	of	BOX	 CAT-related	expenses	in	 2025,	$13.6	million	of	higher	
dispute	 and	 litigation	 costs,	 and	 $12.0	 million	 related	 to	 strategic	 re-alignment	 expenses	 in	 2025.	 There	 were	 also	
increases	of	 $10.7	million	in	contingent	payments	accrual	related	to	Newsfile	and	iNDEX	Research,	as	well	as	 $3.0	million	
related	to	amortization	of	recently	acquired	intangibles	(Newsfile,	iNDEX	Research,	Bond	Indices,	ETF	Stream,	 and	Verity).	
Somewhat	offsetting	these	increases	was	a	$6.4	million	decrease	in	acquisition	and	related	costs,	a	$2.0	million	decrease	in	
integration	costs	from	2024	to	2025,	and	$1.3	million	relating	to	an	onerous	contract	provision	true-up	in	2024.
Excluding	 the	 above	 mentioned	 expenses,	 operating	 expenses	 increased	 by	 approximately	 8%	 in	 2025	 compared	 with	
2024.
The	operating	expense	increase	of	approximately	 8%,	reflects	merit	increases,	higher	short-term	employee	performance	
incentive	plan	costs,	higher	headcount	and	related	costs,	increased	IT	software	and	licensing	fees,	higher	depreciation	and	
amortization	driven	by	our	PTM	project	which	went	live	on	April	28,	2025,	and	higher	costs	related	to	AlphaX	US.	There	
was	also	approximately	$ 11.7	million	higher	expenses	attributable	to	FX	impact	driven	by	a	weaker	CAD	relative	to	GBP	
and	USD	in	2025	compared	with	2024.
Compensation	and	benefits
(in	millions	of	dollars) 2025 2024 $	increase %	increase
$464.6 $389.1 $75.5 19%
• The	 increase	 in	 Compensation	 and	 benefits	 expenses	 from	 2024	 to	 2025	 reflected	 approximately	 $12.6	 million	 of	
operating	 expenses	 related	 to	 Newsfile,	 iNDEX	 Research,	 Bond	 Indices	 and	 ETF	 Stream,	 $10.7	 million	 of	 higher	
contingent	 payments	 accrual	 related	 to	 Newsfile	 and	 iNDEX	 Research,	 and	 $10.3	 million	 in	 strategic	 re-alignment	
expenses.	 These	 increases	 were	 somewhat	 offset	 by	 $1.4	 million	 lower	 integration	 costs,	 and	 $0.2	 million	 of	 lower	
acquisition	 and	 related	 costs	 from	 2024	 to	 2025,	 Excluding	 the	 items	 mentioned	 above,	 Compensation	 and	 benefits	
expenses	increased	by	approximately	11%	in	2025	compared	with	2024.
• The	11%	or	$43.5	million	increase	primarily	reflected	$10.4	million	of	merit	increases,	$9.9	million	of	higher	headcount	
and	related	costs,	higher	short-term	employee	performance	incentive	plan	costs	of	approximately	$9.0	million,	higher	
severance,	and	increased	benefit	costs.	In	addition,	there	was	also	higher	costs	attributable	to	AlphaX	US	from	2024	to	
2025.
Page	37
• There	 were	 2,185	 TMX	 Group	 full-time	 equivalent	 employees 52	 at	 December	 31,	 2025 	 compared	 with	 2,014	
employees	at	December	31,	2024	(excluding	BOX)	reflecting	an	8%	increase	in	headcount	including	approximately	5%	
or	100	FTEs	from	Verity	(acquired	October	1,	2025)	and	ETF	Stream	(acquired	June	16,	2025),	as	well	as	increases	in	
headcount	attributable	to	investing	in	the	various	growth	areas	of	our	business.
Information	and	trading	systems
(in	millions	of	dollars) 2025 2024 $	increase %	increase
$127.4 $112.2 $15.2 14%
• The	 increase	 in	 Information	 and	 trading	 systems	 expenses	 from	 2024	 to	 2025	 reflected	 approximately	 $3.1	 million	
higher	 expenses	 related	 to	 Newsfile,	 iNDEX	 Research,	 Bond	 Indices,	 ETF	 Stream	 and	 Verity,	 and	 $1.7	 million	 in	
strategic	re-alignment	expenses	 related	to	the	decommissioning	of	the	legacy	post-trade	system .	Partially	offsetting	
these	increases	was	$0.3	million	lower	integration	expenses	from	2024	to	2025.	Excluding	the	items	mentioned	above,	
Information	and	trading	systems	expenses	increased	approximately	10%	from	2024	to	2025.
• The	 10%	 or	 $10.7	 million	 increase	 reflected	 higher	 software	 license	 subscription	 costs,	 increased	 costs	 for	 cloud	
services,	 higher	 costs	 related	 to	 professional	 services,	 content,	 and	 feeds.	 There	 were	 also	 higher	 costs	 related	 to	
AlphaX	 US	 from	 2024	 to	 2025.	 Partially	 offsetting	 these	 increases	 were	 lower	 operating	 expenses	 related	 to	 CDS	
mainframe	following	the	decommissioning	of	the	legacy	post-trade	system.
Selling,	general	and	administration
(in	millions	of	dollars) 2025 2024 $	increase %	increase
$173.5 $150.9 $22.6 15%
• The	increase	in	Selling,	general	and	administration 	expenses	from	2024	to	2025	reflected	approximately	$15.3	million	
of	 BOX	 CAT-related	 expenses	 in	 2025,	 $13.6	 million	 increased	 dispute	 and	 litigation	 costs,	 $3.8	 million	 of	 operating	
expenses	 related	 to	 Newsfile,	 iNDEX	 Research,	 Bond	 Indices,	 ETF	 Stream	 and	 Verity.	 These	 increases	 were	 partially	
offset	by	 $6.4	million	lower	acquisition	and	related	costs,	$1.3	million	relating	to	an	onerous	contract	provision	true-
up	in	2024,	and	$0.2	million	lower	integration	costs	in	2025	compared	to	2024.	
• Excluding	the	items	mentioned	above,	 selling,	general	and	administration	costs	decreased	by	2%	primarily	driven	by	a	
reversal	of	a	bad	debt	expense	provision	in	2025.
Depreciation	and	amortization	
(in	millions	of	dollars) 2025 2024 $	increase %	increase
$180.7 $165.6 $15.1 9%
• Depreciation	 and	 amortization 	 expenses	 increased	 in	 2025	 compared	 with	 2024	 primarily	 reflecting	 increased	
amortization	related	to	intangible	assets	acquired	with	Newsfile,	iNDEX	Research,	Bond	Indices,	ETF	Stream	and	Verity	
of	approximately	$3.0	million,	and	$6.7	million	of	amortization	related	to	our	PTM	project.	There	was	also	increased	
amortization	 on	 new	 intangible	 assets,	 and	 higher	 amortization	 attributable	 to	 FX	 impact	 driven	 by	 a	 weaker	 CAD	
relative	to	USD	and	GBP	in	2025	compared	with	2024	.
Page	38
52	A	measure	that	normalizes	the	number	of	full-time	and	part-time	employees	into	equivalent	full-time	units	based	on	actual	hours	of	
paid	work.
• The	 Depreciation	 and	 amortization	 costs	 in	 2025	 of	 $180.7	 million	 included	 $114.4	 million,	 net	 of	 NCI,	 related	 to	
amortization	of	intangible	assets	related	to	acquisitions	(31	cents	per	basic	and	diluted	share).	
• The	 Depreciation	 and	 amortization	 costs	 in	 2024	 of	 $165.6	 million	 included	 $107.8	 million,	 net	 of	 NCI,	 related	 to	
amortization	of	intangible	assets	related	to	acquisitions	(28	cents	per	basic	and	diluted	share).
Page	39
Additional	Information
Share	of	(loss)	from	equity-accounted	investments
(in	millions	of	dollars) 2025 2024 $	increase %	increase
$(1.4) $(1.1) $(0.3) (27)%
• In	2025,	our	share	of	loss	from	equity-accounted	investments	was	$1.4	million	compared	with	$1.1	million	in	2024.	
Our	 share	 of	 loss	 from	 equity-accounted	 investments	 in	 2025	 and	 2024	 includes	 Ventriks	 and	 other	 equity-
accounted	investments.
Other	income	/	(loss)
(in	millions	of	dollars) 2025 2024 $	(decrease) %	(decrease)
$(0.9) $57.1 $(58.0) (102)%
• In	2024,	we	recognized	a	non-cash	gain	of	 $57.1	million	from	the	remeasurement	of	our	previously	held	minority	
interest	in	TMX	VettaFi	(equity-accounted	from	January	9,	2023	prior	to	acquisition	of	control	on	January	2,	2024).	
• In	2025,	we	recognized	a	non-cash	loss	of	$0.9	million	from	the	impairment	of	an	equity-accounted	investment.
Net	finance	costs
(in	millions	of	dollars) 2025 2024 $	increase %	increase
$126.9 $28.7 $98.2 342%
• The	increase	in	net	finance	costs	from	 2024	to	 2025	was	primarily	driven	by	a 	$38.6	million	net	foreign	exchange	
loss	on	the	translation	of	monetary	assets	and	liabilities	in	2025	compared	with	net	foreign	exchange	gain	of	$41.2	
million	in	2024,	as	well	as	fair	value	gains	on	FX	forwards	of	$10.8	million	in	 2024.	There	was	also	a	net	fair	value	
loss	on	contingent	considerations	of	 $11.6	million	in	 2025,	compared	with	a	 $4.8	million	gain	in	 2024,	and	lower	
interest	income	of	in	2025	compared	with	2024.
• These	increases	in	net	finance	costs	were	partially	offset	by	$16.1	million	lower	interest	expense	on	borrowings	in	
2025	compared	with	2024.
Page	40
Income	tax	expense	and	effective	tax	rate	 	 
Income	Tax	Expense	(in	millions	of	dollars) Effective	Tax	Rate	(%)53
2025 2024 2025 2024
$163.8 $142.7 28% 23%
The	effective	tax	rates	reconcile	to	TMX	Group's	statutory	rates	of	approximately	27%	for	2025	and	2024	as	follows:
2025
• In	 2025,	 the	 FX	 losses	 on	 USD-denominated	 intercompany	 loans,	 which	 are	 taxable	 at	 a	 50%	 inclusion	 rate,	
resulted	in	an	increase	to	the	effective	tax	rate	by	approximately	1%.
• In	2025,	the	net	fair	value	loss	on	contingent	considerations,	which	are	 not	tax	deductible,	resulted	in	an	increase	
to	the	effective	tax	rate	by	approximately	1%.
2024
• In	 2024,	 the	 fair	 value	 revaluation	 from	 the	 remeasurement	 of	 our	 previously	 held	 minority	 interest	 in	 VettaFi	
(equity-accounted	 from	 January	 9,	 2023	 prior	 to	 acquisition	 of	 control	 on	 January	 2,	 2024)	 resulted	 in	 a	 non-
taxable	gain	of	$57.1	million	which	decreased	our	effective	tax	rate	by	approximately	3%.
• In	2024,	the	adjustment	for	FX	gains	on	account	of	capital,	which	are	taxable	at	a	50%	inclusion	rate,	resulted	in	a	
decrease	to	the	effective	tax	rate	by	approximately	1%.
Net	income	attributable	to	non-controlling	interests
(in	millions	of	dollars) 2025 2024 $	increase
$62.3 $45.4 $16.9
• The	increase	in	net	income	attributable	to	non-controlling	interests	for	 2025	compared	to	2024	is	primarily	due	to	
higher	net	income	in	BOX	driven	by	higher	revenue.
Total	equity	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group
(in	millions	of	dollars) As	at	December	31,	
2025
As	at	December	31,	
2024 $	increase
$4,757.8 $4,577.4 $180.4
• As	at	December	31,	2025 ,	there	were	278,205,642	common	shares	issued	and	outstanding	and	3,178,688	options	
outstanding	under	the	share	option	plan.
• As	 at	 January	 27,	 2026,	 there	 were	 no	 changes	 to	 the	 common	 shares	 issued	 and	 outstanding,	 and	 the	 options	
outstanding	under	the	share	option	plan	from	December	31,	2025.
Page	41
53	 Effective	 Tax	 Rate	 is	 based	 on	 Income	 tax	 expense	 divided	 by	 Income	 before	 income	 tax	 expense	 excluding	 Non-controlling	
interests.	 Effective	 tax	 rate,	 including	 NCI,	 calculated	 from	 total	 Income	 before	 Income	 Tax	 Expense	 was	 26%	 in	 2025	 and	 21%	 in	
2024.
• The	 increase	 in	 Total	 equity	 attributable	 to	 equity	 holders	 of	 TMX	 Group	 is	 primarily	 due	 to	 the	 inclusion	 of	 net	
income	 attributable	 to	 equity	 holders	 of	 TMX	 Group	 of	 $415.7	 million,	 proceeds	 received	 on	 the	 exercise	 of	
options	of	$8.6	million,	less	dividend	payments	to	shareholders	of	TMX	Group	of	 $233.6	million	and	an	unrealized	
loss	on	translating	financial	statements	of	foreign	operations	of	$22.2	million.
Segments	
The	following	information	reflects	TMX	Group’s	segment	results	for	2025	compared	with	2024.
2025
(in	millions	of	dollars) Capital	
Formation
Equities	and	
Fixed	
Income	
Trading	&	
Clearing
Derivatives	
Trading	&	
Clearing
Global	
Insights Other Total
Revenue	from	external	customers $	 297.4	 $	 283.4	 $	 434.5	 $	 701.8	 $	 0.1	 $	 1,717.2	
Inter-segment	revenue 	 0.3	 	 2.7	 	 —	 	 0.4	 	 (3.4)	 	 —	
Total	revenue 	 297.7	 	 286.1	 	 434.5	 	 702.2	 	 (3.3)	 	 1,717.2	
Income	(loss)	from	operations 	 119.0	 	 112.8	 	 278.0	 	 432.6	 	 (171.4)	 	 771.0	
2024
(in	millions	of	dollars) Capital	
Formation
Equities	and	
Fixed	
Income	
Trading	&	
Clearing
Derivatives	
Trading	&	
Clearing
Global	
Insights Other Total
Revenue	from	external	customers $	 272.8	 $	 253.8	 $	 329.0	 $	 604.5	 $	 —	 $	 1,460.1	
Inter-segment	revenue 	 0.2	 	 2.2	 	 —	 	 0.4	 	 (2.8)	 	 —	
Total	revenue 	 273.0	 	 256.0	 	 329.0	 	 604.9	 	 (2.8)	 	 1,460.1	
Income	(loss)	from	operations 	 106.3	 	 105.7	 	 195.5	 	 367.3	 	 (132.5)	 	 642.3	
Income	(loss)	from	operations
The	increase	in	Income	from	operations	from	Capital	Formation	reflected	higher	revenue	in	 2025	compared	with	2024,	
partially	offset	by	higher	operating	expenses	which	included	expenses	related	to	Newsfile	(acquired	August	7,	2024).	
The	higher	revenue	was	primarily	due	to	the	inclusion	of	revenue	from	Newsfile,	growth	in	 additional	listing	fees ,	an	
increase	in	 sustaining	listing	fees 	on	TSX,	an	increase	in	 initial	listings	fees 	driven	by	ETF	growth,	and	higher	transfer	
agency	fees.	This	revenue	growth	was	partially	offset	by	lower	net	interest	income	from	TSX	Trust.
Page	42
The	increase	in	 Income	from	operations	 from	Equities	and	Fixed	Income	Trading	and	Clearing	 in	2025	compared	with	
2024	 was	 driven	 by	 higher	 revenue	 primarily	 reflecting	 higher	 equity	 trading	 volumes,	 partially	 offset	 by	 higher	
operating	expenses	related	to	AlphaX-US	and	higher	amortization	related	to	our	PTM	project.
The	increase	in	Income	from	operations	from	Derivatives	Trading	and	Clearing	in	2025	compared	to	2024	was	driven	by	
higher	 revenue	 from	 BOX,	 reflecting	 a	 27%	 rise	 in	 volumes	 and	 a	 higher	 rate	 per	 contract	 driven	 by	 a	 favourable	
product	mix,	as	well	as	increased	revenue	from	MX	and	CDCC	driven	by	increased	volumes	and	higher	yield	reflecting	
the	sunset	of	market	making	programs.	The	higher	revenue	was	partially	offset	by	higher	operating	expenses	in	 2025	
compared	with	2024,	which	included	$15.3	million	for	BOX	CAT-related	expenses.
The	increase	in	 Income	from	operations 	from	 Global	Insights	reflected	higher	revenue	in	TMX	Trayport,	TMX	VettaFi,	
and	TMX	Datalinx.	The	increase	in	TMX	Trayport	revenue	was	primarily	driven	by	growth	in	total	licensees,	annual	price	
adjustments,	as	well	as	favourable	FX	impact	from	stronger	GBP	relative	to	the	Canadian	dollar.	The	increase	in	TMX	
VettaFi	 revenue	 reflected	 higher	 indexing	 revenue	 from	 organic	 growth	 in	 assets	 under	 management	 (AUM),	 higher	
analytics	 revenue,	 and	 the	 inclusion	 of	 recent	 acquisitions	 (iNDEX	 Research,	 Bond	 Indices,	 ETF	 Stream	 and	 nuclear	
sector	 indices),	 partially	 offset	 by	 lower	 revenue	 from	 digital	 distribution.	 The	 increase	 in	 TMX	 Datalinx	 revenue	
included	 the	 inclusion	 of	 Verity	 (acquired	 October	 1,	 2025),	 higher	 revenues	 related	 to	 data	 feeds,	 benchmark	 and	
indices,	co-location,	increased	analytics	revenue,	the	positive	impact	of	annual	price	adjustments,	and	a	favourable	FX	
impact	from	Canadian	dollar	relative	to	a	stronger	USD.	These	increases	were	partially	offset	by	lower	subscriber	and	
usage	based	revenue	due	to	a	client-specific	reduction	in	enterprise	agreement	renewals.	The	increases	were	partially	
offset	by	higher	operating	expenses	in	 2025	compared	with	 2024,	which	primarily	reflected	expenses	related	to	iNDEX	
Research,	Bond	Indices,	ETF	Stream,	and	Verity.
Other	includes	inter-segment	revenue	as	well	as	corporate	and	other	costs	related	to	initiatives,	not	allocated	to	the	
operating	 segments.	 Costs	 and	 expenses	 related	 to	 the	 amortization	 of	 purchased	 intangibles,	 along	 with	 certain	
consolidation	and	elimination	adjustments,	are	also	presented	in	 Other.	The	loss	from	operations	in	the	Other	segment	
was	 higher	 in	 2025	 compared	 to	 2024	 primarily	 reflecting	 an	 increase	 in	 unallocated	 costs,	 including	 amortization	 of	
acquired	intangibles	related	to	iNDEX	Research,	Newsfile,	Bond	Indices,	ETF	Stream	and	Verity, 	as	well	as	strategic	re-
alignment	expenses	 and	higher	dispute	and	litigation	costs	incurred	in	 2025.	These	increases	were	partially	offset	by	
lower	acquisition	related	expenses	and	integration	costs	in	2025	compared	to	2024.
Page	43
LIQUIDITY	AND	CAPITAL	RESOURCES
Summary	of	Cash	Flows
2025	compared	with	2024
(in	millions	of	dollars) 2025 2024 $	increase	/	
(decrease)	in	cash
Cash	flows	from	operating	activities $764.8 $623.4 $141.4
Cash	flows	from	(used	in)	financing	activities (477.6) 562.6 (1,040.2)
Cash	flows	from	(used	in)	investing	activities (246.3) (1,170.6) 924.3
• In	 2025,	 Cash	 flows	 from	 operating	 activities 	 increased	 compared	 wit h	 2024	 reflecting	 higher	 income	 from	
operations	(excluding	depreciation	and	amortization,	net	finance	costs	and	other	income) .	There	were	also	 higher	
cash	 from	 other	 assets	 and	 liabilities,	 increased	 trade	 and	 other	 payables,	 and	 increased	 cash	 related	 to	 net	
movement	in	restricted	cash.	These	increases	in	cash	were	partially	offset	by	higher	income	taxes	paid.
• In	2025,	there	were	 decreases	in	Cash	flows	used	in	financing	activities	of	 $477.6	million	compared	with	 increases	
in	Cash	flows	from	financing	activities	in 	2024.	In	2024,	we	received	an	increase	in	cash	flows	from	the	issuance	of	
our	 Series	 G,	 H,	 I,	 and	 J	 Debentures	 of	 $1,400.0	 million	 in	 aggregate,	 which	 was	 somewhat	 offset	 by	 a	 $300.0	
million	 repayment	 of	 Series	 D	 debentures,	 and	 a	 repayment	 of	 acquired	 long-term	 loans	 (related	 to	 VettaFi)	 of	
$122.5	million	in	the	same	year.	In	 2025,	there	was	a	$58.3	million	repayment	of	 notes,	higher	dividends	paid	to	
non-controlling	interests	(up	$43.2	million)	and	equity	holders	(up	$25.5	million),	as	well	as	lower	proceeds	form	
exercised	 options	 and	 higher	 interest	 paid.	 The	 decrease	 in	 cash	 flows	 was	 partially	 offset	 by	 net	 inflows	 of	
commercial	 paper	 ($15.2	 million	 repaid	 in	 2025	 compared	 to	 $76.2	 million	 in	 2024),	 and	 higher	 net	 credit	 and	
liquidity	facilities	drawn.
• In	 2025,	 Cash	 flows	 used	 in	 investing	 activities	 was	 $246.3	 million	 compared	 with	 $1,170.6	 million	 in	 2024.	 The	
decrease	 was	 primarily	 due	 to	 lower	 cash	 used	 in 	 acquisition	 of	 subsidiaries,	 net	 of	 cash	 acquired	 in	 2025	
compared	to	2024,	which	included	a	$1,126.5	million	outflow	(net	of	cash	acquired)	for	the	purchase	of	remaining	
common	 units	 of	 VettaFi,	 Newsfile,	 and	 iNDEX	 Research.	 This	 decrease	 in	 cash	 flows	 was	 partially	 offset	 by	
increased	net	movement	in	marketable	securities	and	higher	additions	to	premises	and	equipment	and	intangible	
assets	which	includes	Bond	Indices	and	nuclear	sector	indices	in	2025.
Page	44
Summary	of	Cash	Position	and	Other	Matters54
Cash,	Cash	Equivalents	and	Marketable	Securities	
(in	millions	of	dollars) As	at	December	31,	
2025
As	at	December	31,	
2024 $	increase
Cash	and	cash	equivalents55 $348.3 $325.0 $23.3
Marketable	securities $164.6 $108.4 $56.2
Cash,	cash	equivalents	and	marketable	securities $512.9 $433.4 $79.5
We	 had	 $512.9	 million	 of	 cash,	 cash	 equivalents	 and	 marketable	 securities	 as	 at	 December	 31,	 2025	 compared	 to	
$433.4	 million	 at	 December	 31,	 2024.	 The	 increase	 in	 cash	 and	 cash	 equivalents	 primarily	 reflects	 cash	 flows	 from	
operating	activities	of	 $764.8	million.	Partially	offsetting	this	increase	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents	were	cash	outflows	
relating	 to	 dividends	 paid	 to	 our	 shareholders	 of	 $233.6	 million,	 dividends	 paid	 to	 non-controlling	 interests	 of	 $81.7	
million,	 interest	 paid,	 net	 of	 interest	 received	 of	 $77.0	 million,	 and	 additions	 to	 premises,	 equipment,	 and	 intangible	
assets	of	$121.2	million.	
Based	on	our	current	business	operations	and	model,	we	believe	that	we	have	sufficient	cash	resources	and	access	to	
financing	to	operate	our	business,	make	interest	payments,	as	well	as	meet	our	covenants	under	the	trust	indentures	
governing	 our	 Debentures	 and	 the	 financial	 covenants	 of	 the	 TMX	 Group	 revolving	 credit	 facility	 (the	 "Credit	
Agreement"),	and	commercial	paper	program	(Commercial	Paper	Program)	(see	 LIQUIDITY	AND	CAPITAL	RESOURCES	-	
Commercial	 Paper,	 Debentures,	 Credit	 and	 Liquidity	 Facilities),	 and	 satisfy	 the	 capital	 maintenance	 requirements	
imposed	by	regulators.	
Our	ability	to	obtain	funding	in	the	future	will	depend	on	the	liquidity	and	condition	of	the	financial	markets,	including	
the	 credit	 market,	 and	 our	 financial	 condition	 at	 the	 time,	 the	 covenants	 in	 the	 Credit	 Agreement,	 and	 the	 trust	
indentures	 governing	 the	 Debentures,	 and	 by	 capital	 maintenance	 requirements	 imposed	 by	 regulators.	 At	
December	31,	2025,	there	was	$209.5	million	in	Commercial	Paper	outstanding.	
Total	Assets
(in	millions	of	dollars) As	at	December	31,	
2025
As	at	December	31,	
2024 $	increase
$50,721.2 $40,175.3 $10,545.9
• Our	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	at	 December	31,	2025	includes	 Balances	of	Participants	and	Clearing	Members	
related	 to	 our	 clearing	 operations.	 These	 balances	 have	 equal	 amounts	 included	 within	 Total	 Liabilities.	 The	
increase	in	Total	Assets	of	$10,545.9	million	from	December	31,	2024	largely	reflected	higher	amounts	received	on	
REPO	and	higher	collateral	balances	in	both	CDCC	and	CDS	of	$10,311.6	million	at	December	31,	2025.
Defined	Benefits	Pension	Plan
Based	on	the	most	recent	actuarial	valuations	(as	at	December	31,	2024	or	January	1,	2025,	depending	on	the	plan),	we	
estimate	a	net	deficit	of	approximately	 $0.3	million	for	the	MX	SERP	that	is	funded	by	a	letter	of	credit.	All	other	plans	
are	 in	 a	 surplus	 position.	 We	 contributed	 $0.5	 million	 in	 2025	 representing	 the	 benefit	 payments	 paid	 from	 the	 MX	
SERP	and	the	current	service	cost	contributions	for	the	TMX	registered	pension	plan	(TMX	RPP).	The	next	required	tri-
annual	valuation	for	the	TMX	RPP	will	be	as	at	December	31,	2027.
Page	45
54	 The	 “Summary	 of	 Cash	 Position	 and	 Other	 Matters”	 section	 above	 contains	 certain	 forward-looking	 statements.	 Please	 refer	 to	
“Caution	Regarding	Forward-Looking	Information”	for	a	discussion	of	risks	and	uncertainties	related	to	such	statements.
55	Cash	and	cash	equivalents	is	presented	exclusive	of	restricted	cash.
Commercial	Paper,	Debentures,	Credit	and	Liquidity	Facilities	
Commercial	Paper
(in	millions	of	dollars) As	at	December	31,	
2025
As	at	December	31,	
2024 $	(decrease)
$209.5 $224.7 $(15.2)
There	was	$209.5	in	Commercial	Paper	outstanding,	including	accrued	interest	at	the	 interest	rate	of	2.26%	under	the	
program	at	 December	31,	2025 ,	reflecting	a	net	decrease	of	 $15.2	million	from	December	31,	2024.	The	Commercial	
Paper	 Program	 is	 fully	 backstopped	 by	 the	 TMX	 Group	 Credit	 Agreement	 governing	 the	 revolving	 credit	 facility	 (see	
LIQUIDITY	AND	CAPITAL	RESOURCES	-	TMX	Group	Limited	Revolving	Credit	Facility).
Debentures
As	of	December	31,	2025,	TMX	Group	had	the	following	Debentures	outstanding:
Debenture Principal	Amount	
($	millions)
Coupon Maturity	Date
Series	E 200.0 3.779%	per	annum,	payable	in	arrears	in	
equal	semi-annual	installments June	5,	2028
Series	F 250.0 2.016%	per	annum,	payable	in	arrears	in	
equal	semi-annual	installments February	12,	2031
Series	G 350.0 4.678%	per	annum,	payable	in	arrears	in	
equal	semi-annual	installments August	16,	2029
Series	H 300.0 4.836%	per	annum,	payable	in	arrears	in	
equal	semi-annual	installments February	18,	2032
Series	I 450.0 4.970%	per	annum,	payable	in	arrears	in	
equal	semi-annual	installments February	16,	2034
Series	J 300.0 4.747%	per	annum,	payable	in	arrears	in	
equal	semi-annual	installments May	26,	2026
TMX	Group	has	the	right,	at	its	option,	to	redeem,	in	whole	or	in	part,	each	of	the	Series	E	and	Series	F	Debentures	at	
any	 time	 prior	 to	 their	 respective	 maturities.	 The	 redemption	 price	 is	 equal	 to	 the	 greater	 of	 the	 applicable	 Canada	
Yield	Price	(as	defined	in	the	relevant	Indenture)	and	100%	of	the	principal	amount	of	the	debentures	being	redeemed,	
together	with	accrued	and	unpaid	interest	to	the	date	fixed	for	redemption.	If	redeemed	on	or	after	the	date	that	is	
three	 months	 prior	 to	 the	 maturity	 date	 for	 the	 Series	 E	 and	 Series	 F,	 the	 redemption	 price	 is	 equal	 to	 100%	 of	 the	
aggregate	principal	amount	outstanding	on	the	series	being	redeemed,	together	with	accrued	and	unpaid	interest	to	
the	date	fixed	for	redemption.
Page	46
The	Series	G,	Series	H,	Series	I	and	Series	J	Debentures	may	be	redeemed,	in	whole	or	in	part,	at	any	time	prior	to	their	
respective	maturities,	at	the	option	of	TMX	Group,	at	the	redemption	price	together	with	accrued	and	unpaid	interest	
to	the	date	fixed	for	redemption.	The	redemption	price	is	equal	to	the	greater	of	the	Canada	Yield	Price	(as	defined	in	
the	 relevant	 indenture)	 and	 100%	 of	 the	 principal	 amount	 of	 the	 Series	 G,	 Series	 H,	 Series	 I	 and	 Series	 J	 Debentures	
being	redeemed	plus	accrued	and	unpaid	interest	to	the	date	of	the	redemption.	If	redeemed	on	or	after	the	date	that	
is	one	month	(for	Series	G)	and	three	months	(for	Series	H	and	Series	I)	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	the	redemption	price	
will	 be	 equal	 to	 100%	 of	 the	 aggregate	 principal	 amount	 outstanding	 on	 the	 debentures,	 together	 with	 accrued	 and	
unpaid	interest	to	the	date	of	such	redemption.	
On	 March	 3,	 2025,	 Morningstar	 DBRS	 revised	 all	 credit	 rating	 trends	 on	 TMX	 Group	 to	 Stable	 from	 Negative	 and	
confirmed	the	Long-Term	Issuer	Rating	and	the	Senior	Unsecured	Debt	rating	of	TMX	Group	as	AA	(low),	as	well	as	our	
Commercial	Paper	(CP)	rating	at	R-1	(middle).	On	September	30,	2025,	Morningstar	DBRS	re-confirmed	all	of	the	above	
ratings	and	trends.
(in	millions	of	dollars) As	at	December	31,	
2025
As	at	December	31,	
2024 $	increase
Series	E	-	Non-Current	Debentures $199.7 $199.6 $0.1
Series	F	-	Non-Current	Debentures $249.3 $249.2 $0.1
Series	G	-	Non-Current	Debentures $349.0 $348.7 $0.3
Series	H	-	Non-Current	Debentures $298.9 $298.7 $0.2
Series	I	-	Non-Current	Debentures $448.2 $448.0 $0.2
Series	J	-	Current	Debentures $299.8 $299.3 $0.5
$1,844.9 $1,843.5 $1.4
As	at	December	31,	2025,	total	debt	including	debentures	and	commercial	paper	was	$2,054.4	million,	with	a	weighted	
average	cost	of	debt	of	4.12%.
As	 at	 December	 31,	 2025 ,	 all	 covenants	 were	 met	 under	 the	 agreement	 governing	 the	 base	 and	 supplemental	
indentures.	
TMX	Group	Limited	Revolving	Credit	Facility
TMX	Group	has	entered	the	Credit	Agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	lenders	to	provide	100%	backstop	to	the	commercial	
paper	program	as	well	as	for	general	corporate	purposes.	The	Credit	Agreement	is	to	mitigate	TMX	Group's	exposure	to	
specific	 liquidity	 risk	 should	 it	 be	 unable	 to	 borrow	 under	 a	 new	 Commercial	 Paper	 issuance	 in	 order	 to	 pay	 for	
Commercial	Paper	that	is	coming	due	because	of	a	lack	of	liquidity	or	demand	for	TMX	Group's	Commercial	Paper	in	
the	market.	
The	amount	available	to	be	drawn	under	this	revolving	credit	facility	is	limited	to	$500.0	million	(increased	from	$400.0	
million	 on	 May	 8,	 2025)	 less	 the	 aggregate	 amount	 of	 Commercial	 Paper	 outstanding	 (December	 31,	 2025	 –	 $209.5	
million).	The	facility	matures	on	May	8,	2029.
As	 at	 December	 31,	 2025,	 all	 covenants	 were	 met	 under	 the	 Credit	 Agreement	 governing	 the	 TMX	 Group	 revolving	
credit	facility.
Page	47
Other	Credit	and	Liquidity	Facilities	
CDCC	Facilities
CDCC	maintains	daylight	liquidity	facilities	for	a	total	of	$1.2	billion	to	provide	liquidity	on	the	basis	of	collateral	in	the	
form	of	securities	that	have	been	received	by,	or	pledged	to,	CDCC.	The	daylight	liquidity	facilities	must	be	cleared	to	
zero	at	the	end	of	each	day.
CDCC	maintains	a	 $33.3	billion	REPO	uncommitted	facility	that	is	in	place	to	provide	end	of	day	liquidity	in	the	event	
that	CDCC	is	unable	to	clear	the	daylight	liquidity	facilities	to	zero.	On	February	21,	2025,	CDCC	extended	this	facility	to	
February	20,	2026.
CDCC	 maintains	 a	 $100.0	 million	 syndicated	 revolving	 standby	 liquidity	 facility	 to	 provide	 end	 of	 day	 liquidity	 in	 the	
event	 that	 CDCC	 is	 unable	 to	 clear	 the	 daylight	 liquidity	 facilities	 to	 zero.	 Advances	 under	 the	 facility	 are	 secured	 by	
collateral	in	the	form	of	securities	that	have	been	received	by,	or	pledged	to,	CDCC.	The	borrowing	rate	on	this	facility	is	
prime	rate	less	1.75%.	On	February	21,	2025,	CDCC	extended	this	facility	to	February	20,	2026.	
CDCC	maintains	a	$60.0	million	uncommitted	Master	Call	Loan	facility	to	provide	overnight	liquidity	in	Canadian	dollars	
or	US	dollars	equivalent	to	support	the	settlement.	Advances	under	the	facility	are	secured	by	collateral	in	the	form	of	
securities	that	have	been	received	by,	or	pledged	to	CDCC.	As	at	 December	31,	2025 ,	CDCC	had	drawn	$ 2.8	million	to	
facilitate	a	failed	REPO	settlement.	The	amount	is	fully	offset	by	liquid	securities	included	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents	
and	was	fully	repaid	subsequent	to	the	reporting	date.
CDCC	maintains	a	$100.0	million	foreign	currency	liquidity	facility	to	provide	access	to	US	dollars	or	Canadian	dollars	in	
the	 event	 of	 a	 Clearing	 Member	 default	 and	 CDCC	 is	 unable	 to	 readily	 settle	 transactions	 in	 US	 dollars	 or	 Canadian	
dollars	 while	 in	 possession	 of	 certain	 foreign	 currency	 equivalents,	 namely	 British	 Pound	 Sterling,	 Euros,	 Hong	 Kong	
dollars,	or	US	dollars.	The	facility	renews	automatically,	and	is	successively	extended	on	a	daily	basis	until	the	date	on	
which	either	party	to	the	agreement	provides	six	months’	advance	notice	to	the	termination	date.
In	 addition,	 CDCC	 has	 signed	 an	 agreement	 that	 would	 allow	 the	 Bank	 of	 Canada	 to	 provide	 emergency	 last-resort	
liquidity	to	CDCC	at	the	discretion	of	the	Bank	of	Canada.	This	liquidity	facility	is	intended	to	provide	end	of	day	liquidity	
only	in	the	event	that	CDCC	is	unable	to	access	liquidity	from	the	revolving	standby	liquidity	facility	and	the	syndicated	
REPO	facility	or	in	the	event	that	the	liquidity	under	such	facilities	is	insufficient.	Use	of	this	facility	would	be	on	a	fully	
collateralized	basis.
CDS	Facilities
On	April	10,	2025,	CDS	Clearing	established	a	$100.0	million	uncommitted	master	call	loan	facility	to	provide	overnight	
liquidity	 in	 Canadian	 dollars	 or	 United	 States	 (US)	 dollars	 equivalent	 to	 support	 settlement	 in	 certain	 circumstances.	
Advances	under	the	facility	are	secured	by	collateral	in	the	form	of	securities	that	have	been	received	by	CDS	Clearing.
CDS	 Clearing	 maintains	 a	 $5.0	 million	 unsecured	 overdraft	 facility	 to	 support	 short	 term	 operating	 requirements,	
including	processing	and	settlement	activities	of	Participants.	The	borrowing	rates	for	these	facilities,	if	drawn,	are	the	
Canadian	prime	or	the	US	base	rate,	depending	on	the	currency	drawn.
CDS	Clearing	maintains	a	secured	standby	liquidity	facili ty	of	US$1.5	billion,	or	Canadian	dollar	equivalent,	that	can	be	
drawn	in	either	US	or	Canadian	currency.	On	March	18,	2025,	CDS	Clearing	extended	the	maturity	date	to	 March	17,	
2026.	
CDS	 Clearing	 also	 has	 a	 secured	 standby	 liquidity	 facility	 of	 $2.0	 billion	 or	 US	 equivalent	 that	 can	 be	 drawn	 in	 either	
Canadian	or	US	currency.	On	March	18,	2025,	CDS	Clearing	extended	the	maturity	date	to	March	17,	2026.
In	addition,	CDS	Clearing	maintains	an	agreement	that	would	allow	the	Bank	of	New	York	Mellon	to	provide	last-resort	
liquidity	in	the	event	that	CDS	Clearing	is	unable	to	cover	the	collateral	payment	obligation	to	the	participants	with	the	
Page	48
standby	liquidity	facility	and	cash	on	hand.	This	loan	facility	would	provide	liquidity	in	exchange	for	securities	that	have	
been	pledged	to	CDS	Clearing	via	the	Tri-party	Reverse	Repo	program.
CDS	has	also	signed	agreements	that	would	allow	the	Bank	of	Canada	to	provide	emergency	last-resort	liquidity	to	CDS	
at	the	discretion	of	the	Bank	of	Canada.	This	liquidity	facility	is	intended	to	provide	end	of	day	liquidity	for	payment	
obligations	 arising	 from	 CDSX,	 and	 only	 in	 the	 event	 that	 CDS	 Clearing	 is	 unable	 to	 access	 liquidity	 from	 its	 standby	
liquidity	facility	or	in	the	event	that	the	liquidity	under	such	facilities	is	insufficient.	Use	of	this	facility	would	be	on	a	
fully	collateralized	basis.
For	 additional	 information	 on	 the	 other	 credit	 and	 liquidity	 facilities	 refer	 to	 Note	 11(B)	 -	 OTHER	 CREDIT	 AND	
LIQUIDITY	FACILITIES	in	the	financial	statements	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2025.
MANAGING	CAPITAL
TMX	 Group's	 primary	 objectives	 in	 managing	 capital,	 which	 it	 defines	 as	 including	 its	 cash	 and	 cash	 equivalents,	
marketable	securities,	share	capital,	debentures,	commercial	paper,	and	various	credit	facilities,	include:
• Maintaining	sufficient	capital	for	operations	to	ensure	market	confidence,	access	to	capital	markets,	and	to	
meet	regulatory	requirements	and	various	credit	and	liquidity	facility	requirements;
• Maintaining	debt	levels	that	support	strong	investment	grade	credit	ratings	from	Morningstar	DBRS;	
• Using	excess	cash	to	invest	in	and	continue	to	grow	the	business;	
• Returning	 capital	 to	 shareholders	 through	 methods	 such	 as	 dividends	 paid	 to	 shareholders	 and	 purchasing	
shares	for	cancellation	pursuant	to	normal	course	issuer	bids.
TMX	 Group	 aims	 to	 achieve	 the	 above	 objectives	 while	 managing	 its	 capital	 subject	 to	 capital	 maintenance	
requirements	imposed	on	TMX	Group	and	certain	subsidiaries	as	follows:
a. In	respect	of	the	TMX	Group	Limited	revolving	credit	facility	that	requires	TMX	Group	to	maintain	 a	total	leverage	
ratio	of	not	more	than	4.0:1	(and	up	to	4.5:1	if	certain	conditions	are	met).
b. In	 respect	 of	 each	 of	 TSX	 and	 Alpha,	 to	 maintain	 the	 following	 requirements,	 on	 both	 a	 consolidated	 and	 non-
consolidated	 basis,	 as	 set	 out	 in	 the	 amended	 and	 restated	 recognition	 order	 issued	 by	 the	 Ontario	 Securities	
Commission	("OSC"):
i. maintain	 sufficient	 financial	 resources	 for	 the	 proper	 performance	 of	 its	 functions	 and	 to	 meet	 its	
responsibilities;	and	
ii. calculate	on	a	monthly	basis:
• a	current	ratio;
• a	debt	to	cash	flow	ratio;	and
• a	financial	leverage	ratio.
c. In	 respect	 of	 TSXV,	 as	 required	 by	 certain	 provincial	 securities	 commissions,	 to	 maintain	 sufficient	 financial	
resources	to	perform	its	functions.
d. In	respect	of	MX,	to	maintain	the	following	financial	ratios	as	set	out	in	the	recognition	order	issued	by	the	AMF:
Page	49
i. a	working	capital	ratio	of	more	than	1.5:1;	
ii. a	cash	flow	to	total	debt	outstanding	ratio	of	more	than	20%;	and	
iii. a	financial	leverage	ratio	of	less	than	4.0.
e. In	respect	of	CDCC,	to	maintain	certain	amounts,	as	set	out	in	the 	recognition	order	issued	by	the	OSC	and/or	the	
recognition	decision	issued	by	the	AMF,	as	the	case	may	be:
i. dedicate	 its	 own	 resources	 to	 cover	 the	 potential	 loss	 incurred	 due	 to	 Clearing	 Member	 defaults.	 CDCC	
holds	$15.0	million	of	its	cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	marketable	securities	which	would	be	 accessed	
should	a	Clearing	Member	default	result	in	losses	exceeding	their	margin	and	clearing	fund	deposits;
ii. sufficient	 cash,	 cash	 equivalents	 and	 marketable	 securities	 to	 cover	 12	 months	 of	 operating	 expenses,	
excluding	amortization	and	depreciation;	and
iii. $30.0	million	total	shareholder's	equity.
f. In	respect	of	CDS	and	CDS	Clearing,	as	required	by	the	AMF,	must	maintain	certain	financial	ratios	as	defined	in	the	
recognition	order,	as	follows:
i. a	debt	to	cash	flow	ratio	of	less	than	or	equal	to	4:1;	and
ii. a	financial	leverage	ratio	of	less	than	or	equal	to	4:1.
In	 addition,	 the	 OSC	 requires	 CDS	 and	 CDS	 Clearing	 to	 maintain	 working	 capital	 to	 cover	 6	 months	 of	 operating	
expenses	(excluding,	in	the	case	of	CDS,	the	amount	of	shared	services	fees	charged	to	CDS	Clearing).
CDS	 is	 required	 to	 dedicate	 a	 portion	 of	 its	 own	 resources	 in	 the	 CNS	 default	 waterfall	 for	 the	 CNS	 function.	 CDS	
maintains	 $1.0	 million	 in	 cash	 and	 cash	 equivalents	 or	 marketable	 securities	 to	 cover	 potential	 losses	 incurred	 as	 a	
result	of	a	Participant	default.
g.	In	respect	of	Shorcan:
i. by	CIRO	which	requires	Shorcan	to	maintain	a	minimum	level	of	shareholders’	equity	of	$0.5	million;
ii. by	the	National	Futures	Association	which	requires	Shorcan	to	maintain	a	minimum	level	of	net	capital;	
and
iii. by	 applicable	 Canadian	 securities	 commissions,	 which	 require	 Shorcan	 to	 maintain	 a	 minimum	 level	 of	
excess	working	capital.
h.	In	respect	of	TSX	Trust:
i. as	 required	 by	 the	 Office	 of	 the	 Superintendent	 of	 Financial	 Institutions,	 to	 maintain	 the	 following	
minimum	capital	ratios:
1. common	equity	tier	1	capital	ratio	of	7%;
2. tier	1	capital	ratio	of	8.5%;	and
3. total	capital	ratio	of	10.5%.
ii. as	 required	 by	 CIRO,	 to	 maintain	 in	 excess	 of	 $100.0	 million	 of	 paid	 up	 capital	 and	 surplus	 on	 the	 last	
audited	balance	sheet	for	the	acceptable	institution	designation.
i. In	respect	of	AlphaX	US,	as	a	broker-dealer,	is	subject	to	the	U.S.	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission's	Uniform	Net	
Capital	Rule	(Rule	15c3-1)	under	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	and	is	required	to	maintain	a	minimum	net	
capital	of	the	greater	of	five	thousand	U.S.dollar	or	12%	of	aggregate	indebtedness.
Page	50
As	at	December	31,	2025	and	 2024,	TMX	Group	complied	with	each	of	the	externally	imposed	capital	requirements	in	
effect	at	the	applicable	year-end.	
FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS
Cash,	Cash	Equivalents	and	Marketable	Securities	
Our	 financial	 instruments	 include	 cash,	 cash	 equivalents	 and	 investments	 in	 marketable	 securities	 which	 are	 held	 to	
earn	investment	income.	Marketable	securities	consist	of	Federal	and	Provincial	treasury	bills	and	Deposit	Notes.	
We	have	designated	our	marketable	securities	as	fair	value	through	profit	and	loss.	Fair	values	have	been	determined	
by	reference	to	quoted	market	prices.	
The	primary	risks	related	to	cash,	cash	equivalents	and	marketable	securities	are	credit	risk,	market	risk	and	liquidity	
risk.	For	a	description	of	these	risks,	please	refer	to	Enterprise	Risk	Management	-	Financial	Risks.
Participants'	Tax	Withholdings
Participants'	tax	withholdings	contains	tax	withheld	by	CDS	Clearing	on	entitlement	payments	made	by	CDS	Clearing	on	
behalf	of	CDS	Clearing	participants.	The	cash	and	treasury	bills	held	are	ultimately	under	the	control	of	CDS	Clearing;	
however,	 the	 amount	 is	 payable	 to	 various	 taxation	 authorities	 within	 a	 relatively	 short	 period	 of	 time	 and	 so	 is	
restricted	from	use	in	normal	operations.	An	equivalent	and	offsetting	amount	is	included	in	the	consolidated	balance	
sheet	 as	 a	 current	 liability	 under	 the	 caption	 Participants'	 tax	 withholdings.	 At	 December	 31,	 2025,	 Participants'	 tax	
withholdings	comprised	of	$12.7	million	in	restricted	cash	and	$232.0	million	in	treasury	bills.	
The	primary	risks	related	to	 restricted	cash	and	cash	equivalents 	are	credit	risk	and	liquidity	risk.	For	a	description	of	
these	risks,	please	refer	to	Enterprise	Risk	Management	-	Financial	Risks.
Trade	Receivables
Our	 financial	 instruments	 include	 accounts	 receivable,	 which	 represents	 amounts	 that	 our	 customers	 owe	 us.	 The	
carrying	 value	 is	 based	 on	 the	 actual	 amounts	 owed	 by	 the	 customers,	 net	 of	 loss	 allowances	 for	 trade	 receivables	
measured	at	an	amount	equal	to	lifetime	expected	credit	losses,	calculated	using	historical	credit	loss	experience	taking	
into	 account	 current	 observable	 data	 at	 the	 reporting	 date	 to	 reflect	 the	 effects	 of	 any	 relevant	 current	 market	
conditions	and	forecasts	of	future	economic	conditions.	
The	 primary	 risks	 related	 to	 trade	 receivables	 are	 credit	 risk	 and	 market	 risk.	 For	 a	 description	 of	 these	 risks,	 please	
refer	to	Enterprise	Risk	Management	-	Financial	Risks.
CDS	–	Participant	cash	collateral	and	entitlements	and	other	funds
As	part	of	CDS’s	clearing	operations,	CDS	Participant	Rules	require	participants	to	pledge	collateral	to	CDS	in	the	form	
of	 cash	 or	 securities	 in	 amounts	 calculated	 in	 relation	 to	 their	 activities.	 Cash	 pledged	 and	 deposited	 with	 CDS	 is	
recognized	as	an	asset	and	an	equivalent	and	offsetting	liability	is	recognized	as	these	amounts	are	ultimately	owed	to	
the	 participants.	 There	 is	 no	 impact	 on	 the	 consolidated	 income	 statement.	 Securities	 pledged	 do	 not	 result	 in	 an	
economic	inflow	to	CDS,	and	therefore,	are	not	recognized.
The	 primary	 risks	 associated	 with	 these	 financial	 instruments	 are	 credit	 risk,	 market	 risk	 and	 liquidity	 risk.	 For	 a	
description	of	these	risks,	please	refer	to	Enterprise	Risk	Management	-	Financial	Risks.
Page	51
CDCC	–	Daily	Settlements	due	to	and	due	from	Clearing	Members
As	 part	 of	 CDCC’s	 clearing	 operations,	 amounts	 due	 from	 and	 to	 Clearing	 Members	 as	 a	 result	 of	 marking	 to	 market	
open	futures	positions	and	settling	options	transactions	each	day	are	required	to	be	collected	from	or	paid	to	Clearing	
Members	prior	to	the	commencement	of	trading	the	next	day.	The	amounts	due	from	and	due	to	Clearing	Members	
are	recognized	in	the	consolidated	assets	and	liabilities	as	Balances	with	Participants	and	Clearing	Members.	There	is	
no	impact	on	the	consolidated	statements	of	income.
CDCC	–	Clearing	Members’	cash	margin	deposits	and	clearing	fund	cash	deposits
These	balances	represent	the	cash	deposits	of	Clearing	Members	held	in	the	name	of	CDCC	as	margins	against	open	
positions	 and	 as	 part	 of	 the	 clearing	 fund.	 The	 cash	 held	 is	 recognized	 as	 an	 asset	 and	 an	 equivalent	 and	 offsetting	
liability	 is	 recognized	 as	 these	 amounts	 are	 ultimately	 owed	 to	 the	 Clearing	 Members.	 There	 is	 no	 impact	 on	 the	
consolidated	income	statement.
CDCC	–	Net	amounts	receivable/payable	on	open	REPO	agreements
CDCC	clears	fixed	income	REPO	agreements.	OTC	REPO	agreements	between	buying	and	selling	Clearing	Members	are	
novated	 to	 CDCC	 whereby	 the	 rights	 and	 obligations	 of	 the	 Clearing	 Members	 under	 the	 REPO	 agreements	 are	
cancelled	and	replaced	by	new	agreements	with	CDCC.	Once	novation	occurs,	CDCC	becomes	the	counterparty	to	both	
the	buying	and	selling	Clearing	Member.	As	a	result,	the	contractual	right	to	receive	and	return	the	principal	amount	of	
the	REPO	as	well	as	the	contractual	right	to	receive	and	pay	interest	on	the	REPO	is	thus	transferred	to	CDCC.	These	
balances	represent	outstanding	balances	on	open	REPO	agreements.	Receivable	and	payable	balances	outstanding	with	
the	same	Clearing	Member	are	offset	when	they	are	in	the	same	currency	and	are	to	be	settled	on	the	same	day,	as	
CDCC	 has	 a	 legally	 enforceable	 right	 to	 offset	 and	 the	 intention	 to	 net	 settle.	 The	 balances	 include	 both	 the	 original	
principal	 amount	 of	 the	 REPO	 and	 the	 accrued	 interest,	 both	 of	 which	 are	 carried	 at	 amortized	 cost.	 As	 CDCC	 is	 the	
central	counterparty,	an	equivalent	amount	is	recognized	in	both	TMX	Group's	assets	and	liabilities.
The	 primary	 risks	 associated	 with	 these	 financial	 instruments	 are	 credit	 risk,	 market	 risk	 and	 liquidity	 risk.	 For	 a	
description	of	these	risks,	please	refer	to	Enterprise	Risk	Management	-	Financial	Risks.
Commercial	Paper
TMX	 Group	 maintains	 a	 Commercial	 Paper	 Program	 to	 offer	 potential	 investors	 up	 to	 $500.0	 million	 (increased	 from	
$400.0	million	on	May	8,	2025),	or	the	U.S.	dollar	equivalent	of	Commercial	Paper	to	be	issued	in	various	maturities	of	
no	more	than	one	year	and	bearing	interest	rates	based	on	the	prevailing	market	conditions	at	the	time	of	issuance.	
The	 Commercial	 Paper	 Program	 is	 supported	 by	 the	 Credit	 Agreement.	 The	 Commercial	 Paper	 issued	 are	 unsecured	
obligations	of	TMX	Group	and	rank	equally	with	all	other	senior	unsecured	obligations.	The	Commercial	Paper	has	been	
assigned	a	rating	of	R-1	(middle)	with	a	Stable	trend	by	Morningstar	DBRS.	
The	 Commercial	 Paper	 is	 subject	 to	 market	 risk	 and	 liquidity	 risk.	 For	 a	 description	 of	 these	 risks,	 please	 refer	 to	
Enterprise	Risk	Management	-	Financial	Risks.
Debentures	
TMX	 Group	 has	 the	 following	 Debentures	 outstanding:	 a	 $200.0	 million	 Series	 E	 Debentures	 with	 a	 3.779%	 coupon	
maturing	on	June	5,	2028,	a	$250.0	million	Series	F	Debentures	with	a	2.016%	coupon	maturing	on	February	12,	2031,	a	
$350.0	 million	 Series	 G	 Debentures	 with	 a	 4.678%	 coupon	 maturing	 on	 August	 16,	 2029,	 a	 $300.0	 million	 Series	 H	
Debentures	with	a	4.836%	coupon	maturing	on	February	18,	2032,	a	$450.0	million	Series	I	Debentures	with	a	4.970%	
coupon	maturing	on	February	16,	2034,	and	a	$300.0	million	Series	J	Debentures	with	a	4.747%	coupon	maturing	on	
May	26,	2026.	The	Debentures	received	a	credit	rating	of	AA	(low)	with	a	Stable	trend	from	Morningstar	DBRS.
Page	52
The	Debentures	are	subject	to	market	risk	and	liquidity	risk.	For	a	description	of	these	risks,	please	refer	to 	Enterprise	
Risk	Management	-	Financial	Risks.
Total	Return	Swaps	(TRS)
We	have	entered	into	a	series	of	TRSs,	which	synthetically	replicate	the	economics	of	purchasing	our	shares	as	a	partial	
economic	hedge	to	the	share	appreciation	rights	of	the	RSUs,	PSUs,	and	DSUs.	
We	 have	 classified	 our	 series	 of	 TRSs	 as	 fair	 value	 through	 profit	 and	 loss	 and	 mark	 to	 market	 to	 determine	 the	 fair	
value	at	the	reporting	date.	Changes	in	 fair	value	of	the	TRSs	are	recorded	in	the	consolidated	income	statement.	TMX	
Group	also	simultaneously	marks	to	market	the	liability	to	holders	of	the	units,	and	recognizes	the	changes	in	fair	value	
in	 the	 income	 statement.	 Fair	 value	 is	 based	 on	 the	 share	 price	 TMX	 Group's	 common	 shares	 at	 the	 end	 of	 the	
reporting	year.	The	fair	value	of	the	TRSs	and	the	obligation	to	unit	holders	are	reflected	on	the	consolidated	balance	
sheet.	The	contracts	are	settled	in	cash	upon	maturity.
For	 the	 year	 ended	 December	 31,	 2025,	 unrealized	 gain	 of	 $0.9	 million	 and	 realized	 gains	 of	 $9.7	 million	 related	 to	
TRSs,	respectively	have	been	reflected	in	the	consolidated	income	statement	(2024	–	unrealized	loss	of	$1.9	million	and	
realized	gains	of	$25.4	million,	respectively).
TRSs	 are	 subject	 to	 credit	 risk	 and	 market	 risk.	 For	 a	 description	 of	 this	 risk,	 please	 refer	 to	 Enterprise	 Risk	
Management	-	Financial	Risks.
CRITICAL	ACCOUNTING	ESTIMATES
Goodwill	and	Intangible	Assets	–	Valuation	and	Impairment	Testing
We	recorded	goodwill	and	intangible	assets	valued	at	$ 7,320.4	million	as	at	 December	31,	2025 ,	down	$43.5	million	
from	$7,276.9	million	at	 December	31,	2024.	The	decrease	in	goodwill	and	intangible	assets	was	partially	offset	by	the	
addition	of	 Bond	Indices	 (acquired	February	20,	2025),	ETF	Stream	(June	16,	2025),	Verity	(acquired	October	1,	2025),	
and	nuclear	section	indices	(October	2025)	in	2025 .	Management	has	determined	that	the	testing	for	impairment	of	
goodwill	and	intangible	assets	involves	making	critical	accounting	estimates.
Goodwill	is	recognized	at	cost	on	acquisition	less	any	subsequent	impairment	in	value.	We	measure	goodwill	arising	on	
a	business	combination	as	the	fair	value	of	the	consideration	transferred	less	the	fair	value	of	the	identifiable	assets	
acquired	and	liabilities	assumed,	all	measured	as	of	the	acquisition	date.	
Definite	 life	 intangible	 assets	 are	 measured	 at	 cost	 less	 accumulated	 amortization,	 where	 applicable,	 and	 any	
impairment	in	value.	Cost	includes	any	expenditure	that	is	directly	attributable	to	the	acquisition	of	the	asset.	The	cost	
of	internally	developed	assets	includes	the	cost	of	materials	and	direct	labour,	and	any	other	costs	directly	attributable	
to	bringing	the	assets	to	a	working	condition	for	their	intended	use.	
Assets	 are	 considered	 to	 have	 indefinite	 lives	 where	 management	 believes	 that	 there	 is	 no	 foreseeable	 limit	 to	 the	
period	over	which	the	assets	are	expected	to	generate	net	cash	flows.
We	test	for	impairment	as	follows:	
The	carrying	amounts	of	our	non-financial	assets,	other	than	deferred	income	tax	assets	and	employee	future	benefit	
assets,	 are	 reviewed	 at	 each	 reporting	 date	 to	 determine	 whether	 there	 is	 any	 indication	 of	 impairment.	 If	 any	 such	
indication	exists,	then	the	asset’s	recoverable	amount	is	estimated.	Goodwill	and	intangible	assets	that	have	indefinite	
useful	 lives,	 or	 that	 are	 not	 yet	 available	 for	 use,	 are	 tested	 for	 impairment	 at	 least	 annually	 even	 if	 there	 is	 no	
indication	 of	 impairment,	 and	 the	 recoverable	 amount	 is	 estimated	 each	 year	 at	 the	 same	 time.	 The	 recoverable	
amount	of	an	asset	is	the	greater	of	its	value-in-use	and	its	fair	value	less	costs	of	disposal.	In	assessing	value-in-use,	
Page	53
the	estimated	future	cash	flows	are	discounted	to	their	present	value	using	a	pre-tax	discount	rate	that	reflects	current	
market	assessments	of	the	time	value	of	money	and	the	risks	specific	to	the	asset.
For	the	purpose	of	impairment	testing,	assets	that	cannot	be	tested	individually	are	grouped	together	into	the	smallest	
group	 of	 assets	 that	 generates	 cash	 inflows	 from	 continuing	 use	 that	 are	 largely	 independent	 of	 the	 cash	 inflows	 of	
other	assets	or	groups	of	assets	(the	cash-generating	unit,	or	CGU).	For	the	purposes	of	goodwill	impairment	testing,	
goodwill	acquired	in	a	business	combination	is	allocated	to	the	CGU,	or	the	group	of	CGUs,	that	is	expected	to	benefit	
from	 the	 synergies	 of	 the	 combination	 and	 reflects	 the	 lowest	 level	 at	 which	 that	 goodwill	 is	 monitored	 for	 internal	
reporting	purposes.	
The	 recoverable	 amounts	 of	 each	 CGU	 are	 determined	 based	 on	 value-in-use	 calculations,	 using	 management’s	
discounted	cash	flow	projections	over	a	period	of	5	-	8	years,	along	with	a	terminal	value.	The	terminal	value	is	the	value	
attributed	to	the	CGUs’	operations	beyond	the	projected	time	period.	The	terminal	value	for	the	CGUs	is	determined	
using	estimated	long-term	growth	rates	of	 2.0%	for	all	significant	CGUs,	except	for	MX/CDCC	and	TMX	Trayport	which	
used	4.5%	and	VettaFi	which	used	2.5%.	The	estimated	long-term	growth	rate	is	based	on	TMX’s	estimates	of	expected	
future	operating	results,	future	business	plans,	economic	conditions	and	a	general	outlook	for	the	industry	in	which	the	
CGU	 operates.	 In	 calculating	 the	 recoverable	 amount	 of	 these	 CGUs,	 a	 pre-tax	 discount	 rate	 is	 used.	 The	 pre-tax	
discount	rate	applied	was	15.9%	to	24.5%,	which	was	set	considering	the	weighted	average	cost	of	capital	of	TMX	Group	
and	certain	risk	premiums,	based	on	management’s	past	experience.
These	assumptions	are	subjective	judgements	based	on	TMX’s	experience,	knowledge	of	operations	and	knowledge	of	
the	 economic	 environment	 in	 which	 it	 operates.	 If	 future	 cash	 flow	 projections,	 long-term	 growth	 rates	 or	 pre-tax	
discount	rates	are	different	to	those	used,	it	is	possible	that	the	outcome	of	future	impairment	tests	could	result	in	a	
different	outcome	with	a	CGU’s	goodwill	and/or	intangible	assets	being	impaired.
An	 impairment	 loss	 is	 recognized	 if	 the	 carrying	 amount	 of	 an	 asset,	 or	 its	 CGU,	 exceeds	 its	 estimated	 recoverable	
amount,	which	is	the	higher	of	CGU's	fair	value	less	costs	of	disposal	and	its	value-in-use.	Impairment	losses	recognized	
in	respect	of	CGUs	are	allocated	first	to	reduce	the	carrying	amount	of	any	goodwill	allocated	to	the	CGUs,	and	then	to	
reduce	 the	 carrying	 amounts	 of	 the	 other	 assets	 in	 the	 CGU	 on	 a	 pro	 rata	 basis.	 Impairment	 losses	 along	 with	 any	
related	deferred	income	tax	effects	are	recognized	in	the	consolidated	income	statement.
TMX	Group	did	not	recognize	any	impairment	on	goodwill	and	intangible	assets	in	2024	and	2025.
Considerable	 judgement	 is	 required	 to	 predict	 future	 operating	 performance	 and	 to	 estimate	 cash	 flows.	 Economic	
weakness	 due	 to	 macroeconomic	 factors	 moderating	 activity	 and	 heightening	 risks	 may	 impact	 our	 business.	 Such	
factors	 include	 geopolitical	 conflict,	 inflationary	 pressures,	 labour	 shortages	 in	 some	 sectors,	 disruptions	 to	 global	
supply	 chains,	 a	 slowdown	 on	 international	 trade	 and	 investment,	 the	 impact	 of	 economic	 recovery	 and	 timing	 of	
recovery,	and	financial	market	pressures.	These	factors	could	result	in	future	impairment	charges	related	to	goodwill	
and	intangible	assets.	A	significant	impairment	charge	in	the	future	could	have	a	significant	impact	on	our	reported	net	
income.
Business	Combinations
Fair	 values	 of	 purchase	 consideration,	 assets	 acquired,	 and	 liabilities	 assumed	 in	 business	 combinations	 –	 for	 the	
acquisitions	of	subsidiaries,	the	fair	values	under	the	acquisition	method	are	based	on	management’s	best	estimates	
using	established	methodologies	of	the	fair	value	of	the	assets	and	liabilities	acquired	and	disposed.	
For	 acquired	 customer	 relationships,	 trade	 names,	 and	 technology	 in	 particular,	 TMX	 Group	 estimates	 the	 fair	 value	
based	 on	 the	 income	 approach.	 The	 income	 approach	 is	 a	 valuation	 technique	 that	 calculates	 the	 fair	 value	 of	 an	
intangible	asset	based	on	the	present	value	of	future	cash	flows	that	the	asset	can	be	expected	to	generate	over	its	
remaining	useful	life.	This	valuation	involves	significant	subjectivity	and	estimation	uncertainty,	including	assumptions	
related	 to	 the	 future	 revenues	 (including	 those	 attributable	 to	 acquired	 customer	 relationships,	 trade	 names,	 or	
technology),	customer	attrition	rates,	royalty	rate,	future	expenses,	and	discount	rates.
Page	54
SELECT	ANNUAL	INFORMATION
(in	millions	of	dollars	expect	per	share	amounts) 2025 2024 2023
Revenue $	 1,717.2	 $	 1,460.1	 $	 1,194.1	
Net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	
TMX	Group 	 415.7	 	 481.5	 	 356.0	
Total	Assets	(as	at	December	31) 	 50,721.2	 	 40,175.3	 	 64,337.4	
Non-Current	Liabilities	(as	at	December	31) 	 2,628.4	 	 2,897.1	 	 1,451.0	
Earnings	per	share	(attributable	to	equity	
holders	of	TMX	Group):56
	Basic	 	 1.49	 	 1.74	 	 1.28	
	Diluted 	 1.49	 	 1.73	 	 1.28	
Cash	dividends	declared	per	common	share 	 0.84	 	 0.75	 	 0.71	
2025	compared	with	2024
(See	 RESULTS	 OF	 OPERATIONS	 and	 LIQUIDITY	 AND	 CAPITAL	 RESOURCES	 -	 year	 ended	 December	 31,	 2025 	 (2025)	
compared	with	year	ended	December	31,	2024	(2024)).	
2024	compared	with	2023
Revenue
Revenue	 was	 $1,460.1	 million	 in	 2024,	 up	 $266.0	 million	 or	 22%	 compared	 with	 $1,194.1	 million	 in	 2023	 largely	
attributable	 to	 increases	 in	 revenue	 from	 Global	 Insights	 (previously	 Global	 Solutions,	 Insights	 and	 Analytics),	 of	 which	
$138.4	 million	 reflects	 the	 inclusion	 of	 revenue	 from	 TMX	 VettaFi	 (fully	 acquired	 January	 2,	 2024)	 including	 iNDEX	
Research	 (acquired	 October	 15,	 2024),	 as	 well	 as	 increases	 from	 Derivatives	 Trading	 and	 Clearing,	 Equities	 and	 Fixed	
Income	 Trading	 and	 Clearing,	 and	 Capital	 Formation.	 Revenue	 for	 2024	 also	 included	 $5.5	 million	 related	 to	 Newsfile	
(acquired	 August	 7,	 2024).	 Excluding	 revenue	 from	 TMX	 VettaFi,	 Newsfile,	 and	 iNDEX	 Research,	 revenue	 was	 up	 10%	 in	
2024	compared	with	2023.	
Net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	and	Earnings	per	share
Net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group	in	2024	was	$481.5	million,	or	$1.74	per	common	share	on	a	basic	
and	$1.73	on	a	diluted	basis,	compared	with	 $356.0	million,	or	 $1.28	per	common	share	on	a	basic	and	diluted	basis	for	
2023.	 The	 increase	 in	 net	 income	 attributable	 to	 equity	 holders	 of	 TMX	 Group	 reflected	 an	 increase	 in	 income	 from	
operations	 of	 $102.3	 million,	 a	 non-cash	 gain	 of	 $57.1	 million	 being	 recognized	 in	 2024	 resulting	 from	 the	 fair	 value	
remeasurement	 of	 our	 previously	 held	 minority	 interest	 in	 VettaFi	 (equity-accounted	 January	 9,	 2023	 prior	 to	 the	
acquisition	 of	 control	 January	 2,	 2024),	 and	 higher	 net	 finance	 costs	 of	 $4.4	 million	 mainly	 reflecting	 higher	 interest	
expense	of	 $61.3	million	driven	by	increased	debt	levels	following	the	VettaFi	acquisition,	partially	offset	by	a	net	foreign	
exchange	 gain	 of	 $41.2	 million	 on	 USD-denominated	 intercompany	 loans.	 The	 increase	 in	 income	 from	 operations	 from	
2023	 to	 2024	 was	 driven	 by	 an	 increase	 in	 revenue	 of	 $266.0	 million,	 largely	 attributable	 to	 increases	 in	 revenue	 from	
Global	 Insights	 (previously	 Global	 Solutions,	 Insights	 and	 Analytics),	 of	 which	 $138.4	 million	 reflects	 the	 inclusion	 of	
revenue	 from	 TMX	 VettaFi	 (fully	 acquired	 January	 2,	 2024)	 and	 iNDEX	 Research	 (acquired	 October	 15,	 2024),	 as	 well	 as	
increases	from	D erivatives	Trading	and	Clearing ,	Equities	and	Fixed	Income	Trading	and	Clearing ,	and	Capital	Formation.	
Revenue	for	2024	also	included	$5.5	million	related	to	Newsfile	(acquired	August	7,	2024).
Page	55
56	Prior	years'	earnings	per	share	and	cash	dividends	declared	have	been	adjusted	to	reflect	the	Stock	Split	completed	on	June	13,	2023.
There	 was	 also	 an	 increase	 in	 operating	 expenses	 of	 $163.7	 million,	 of	 which	 approximately	 $60.6	 million	 of	 operating	
expenses	 related	 to	 TMX	 VettaFi	 (equity	 accounted	 since	 January	 9,	 2023,	 prior	 to	 acquisition	 of	 control	 on	 January	 2,	
2024),	 Newsfile	 (acquired	 August	 7,	 2024)	 and	 iNDEX	 Research	 (acquired	 October	 15,	 2024),	 $47.2	 million	 related	 to	
amortization	of	2024	acquired	intangibles	(TMX	VettaFi,	Newsfile,	and	iNDEX	Research),	as	well	as	a	 $2.3	million	increase	
in	 acquisition	 and	 related	 expenses.	 There	 were	 also	 increases	 of	 $7.9	 million	 in	 integration	 costs,	 approximately	
$7.0	million	related	to	our	U.S.	expansion	initiative,	and	$4.4	million	in	contingent	payments	related	to	Newsfile	and	iNDEX	
Research,	 and	 $1.3	 million	 relating	 to	 an	 onerous	 contract	 provision	 true-up.	 Partially	 offsetting	 these	 increases	 in	
operating	 expenses	 were	 lower	 expenses	 of	 $5.6	 million	 related	 to	 strategic	 re-alignment	 costs,	 a	 one-time	 write	 off	 of	
receivables	of	approximately	$2.2	million,	and	$1.0	million	related	to	SigmaLogic	recorded	in	2023.
Total	Assets
Our	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	at	 December	31,	2024	includes	Balances	of	Participants	and	Clearing	Members	 related	
to	 our	 clearing	 operations.	 These	 balances	 have	 equal	 amounts	 included	 within	 Total	 Liabilities.	 The	 decrease	 in	 Total	
Assets	 of	 $24,127.5	 million	 from	 December	 31,	 2023	 reflected	 lower	 amounts	 received	 on	 REPO	 and	 lower	 collateral	
balances	 in	 both	 CDCC	 and	 CDS	 of	 $25,831.9	 million	 at	 December	 31,	 2024,	 partially	 offset	 by	 increased	 goodwill	 and	
intangible	assets	of	$1,815.7	million.
Non-Current	Liabilities	
Non-current	 liabilities	 as	 at	 December	 31,	 2024	 were	 $1,446.1	 million	 higher	 than	 as	 at	 December	 31,	 2023,	 primarily	
driven	by	the	issuance	of	Series	G,	Series	H,	Series	I,	and	Series	J	Debentures	in	2024.
Page	56
QUARTERLY	FINANCIAL	INFORMATION
(in	millions	of	dollars	except	
per	share	amounts	-	unaudited)
Dec	31	
2025
Sep	30	
2025
Jun	30	
2025
Mar	31	
2025
Dec	31
2024
Sep	30	
2024
Jun	30	
2024
Mar	31	
2024
Capital	Formation $81.8 $71.0 $77.9 $66.7 $72.5 $61.9 $77.8 $60.6
Equities	and	Fixed	
Income	Trading	&	
Clearing
75.4 68.0 70.1 69.9 67.0 61.8 64.4 60.6
Derivatives	Trading	&	
Clearing 114.9 105.7 104.8 109.1 94.4 83.2 78.8 72.6
Global	Insights 185.6 173.9 168.9 173.4 159.4 146.9 146.1 152.1
Other 0.1 — — — — — — —
Revenue 457.8 418.6 421.7 419.1 393.3 353.8 367.1 345.9
Operating	expenses	 252.1 226.8 229.6 237.7 212.1 198.3 203.2 204.2
Income	from	operations 205.7 191.8 192.1 181.4 181.2 155.5 163.9 141.7
Net	income	attributable	
to	equity	holders	of	TMX	
Group
115.2 120.5 74.1 105.9 159.3 82.7 100.0 139.5
Earnings	per	share
	Basic 0.41 0.43 0.27 0.38 0.58 0.30 0.36 0.50
	Diluted 0.41 0.43 0.26 0.38 0.58 0.30 0.36 0.50
Q4/25	compared	with	Q3/25
• Revenue	was	$457.8	million	in	Q4/25,	up	$39.2	million	or	9%	from	$418.6	million	in	Q3/25	reflecting	increases	
in	revenue	from	Global	Insights,	driven	by	growth	in	TMX	Datalinx	including	Verity	(acquired	October	1,	2025)	
and	TMX	VettaFi,	increased	Capital	Formation	revenue	driven	by	higher	additional	listings,	as	well	as	increased	
revenue	from	both	Equities	and	Fixed	Income	Trading	&	Clearing,	and	Derivatives	Trading	&	Clearing,	driven	by	
higher	trading	volumes.
• Operating	 Expenses	 were	 $252.1	 million	 in	 Q4/25,	 up	 $25.3	 million	 or	 11%	 from	 $226.8	 million	 in	 Q3/25	
primarily	 reflecting	 $15.3	 million	 of	 BOX	 CAT-related	 expenses	 in	 Q4/25,	 $5.5	 million	 of	 operating	 expenses	
related	 to	 Verity	 (acquired	 October	 1,	 2025),	 increased	 severance	 of	 $2.7	 million,	 increased	 employee	
performance	incentive	plan	costs	of	$0.9	million,	and	higher	software	license	and	subscription	costs.
• Income	 from	 operations	 was	 $205.7	 million	 in	 Q4/25,	 up	 $13.9	 million	 or	 7%	 from	 Q3/25	 reflecting	 higher	
revenue	partially	offset	by	higher	operating	expenses.
• Net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group	 was	$115.2	million,	or	$0.41	per	common	share	on	a	
basic	and	diluted	basis,	compared	with	$120.5	million,	or	$0.43	per	common	share	on	a	basic	and	diluted	basis	
for	 Q3/25.	 The	 decrease	 in	 net	 income	 attributable	 to	 equity	 holders	 of	 TMX	 Group	 and	 earnings	 per	 share	
largely	 reflects	 higher	 net	 finance	 costs	 in	 Q4/25	 compared	 with	 Q3/25	 driven	 by	 FX	 losses	 on	 USD-
denominated	intercompany	loans	in	Q4/25.
Page	57
Q3/25	compared	with	Q2/25
• Revenue	was	$418.6	million	in	Q3/25,	down	$3.1	million	or	1%	from	$421.7	million	in	Q2/25	reflecting	lower	
Capital	 Formation	 revenue	 driven	 by	 lower	 TSX	 Trust	 and	 additional	 listings	 fee	 revenue,	 and	 lower	 Equities	
and	Fixed	Income	Trading	&	Clearing	 revenue.	These	decreases	were	partially	offset	by	higher	 Global	Insights	
revenue	driven	by	TMX	VettaFi,	and	higher	Derivatives	Trading	&	Clearing	revenue.
• Operating	 Expenses	 in	 Q3/25	 were	 $226.8	 million,	 down	 $2.8	 million	 or	 1%	 from	 $229.6	 million	 in	 Q2/25	
primarily	 reflecting	 lower	 employee	 performance	 incentive	 plan	 costs	 of	 $1.6	 million,	 lower	 recoverable	
expenses,	 and	 lower	 PTM	 related	 costs.	 These	 decreases	 were	 partially	 offset	 by	 $1.6	 million	 higher	
acquisition	and	related	costs,	and	$1.3	million	of	operating	expenses	related	to	ETF	Stream	(acquired	June	16,	
2025).
• Income	 from	 operations	 was	 $191.8	 million	 in	 Q3/25,	 relatively	 unchanged	 from	 $192.1	 million	 in	 Q2/25	
reflecting	lower	revenue	offset	by	lower	operating	expenses.
• Net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group 	in	Q3/25	was	$120.5	million,	or	$0.43	per	common	
share	on	a	basic	and	diluted	basis,	compared	with	$74.1	million,	or	$0.27	per	common	share	on	a	basic	and	
$0.26	on	a	diluted	basis	for	Q2/25.	The	increase	in	net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group	and	
earnings	per	share	largely	reflects	lower	net	finance	costs	in	Q3/25	compared	with	Q2/25	driven	by	FX	losses	
on	USD-denominated	intercompany	loans	in	Q2/25,	partially	offset	by	higher	income	tax	expense.
Q2/25	compared	with	Q1/25
• Revenue	 was	 $421.7	 million	 in	 Q2/25,	 up	 $2.6	 million	 or	 1%	 from	 $419.1	 million	 in	 Q1/25	 reflecting	 higher	
Capital	 Formation	 revenue	 driven	 by	 higher	 additional	 listings	 fee	 and	 TSX	 Trust.	 This	 increase	 was	 partially	
offset	 by	 lower	 Derivatives	 Trading	 &	 Clearing	 revenue	 driven	 by	 lower	 volumes	 and	 unfavorable	 FX	 impact	
driven	by	a	stronger	CAD	relative	to	the	USD,	as	well	as	lower	 Global	Insights	revenue	driven	by	TMX	VettaFi's	
annual	conference	that	occurs	in	Q1	each	year.
• Operating	 Expenses	 in	 Q2/25	 were	 $229.6	 million,	 down	 $8.1	 million	 or	 3%	 from	 $237.7	 million	 in	 Q1/25	
primarily	 reflecting	 $7.7	 million	 lower	 costs	 from	 TMX	 VettaFi's	 annual	 conference,	 lower	 employee	
performance	incentive	plan	costs	of	$3.7	million,	and	lower	payroll	taxes.	These	decreases	were	partially	offset	
by	$2.8	million	higher	strategic	re-alignment	expenses,	$0.5	million	higher	acquisition	and	related	costs,	and	
$0.4	million	increased	contingent	payments	accrual	related	to	iNDEX	Research.
• Income	 from	 operations	 was	 $192.1	 million	 in	 Q2/25,	 up	 $10.7	 million	 or	 6%	 from	 $181.4	 million	 in	 Q1/25	
reflecting	both	higher	revenue	and	lower	operating	expenses.
• Net	 income	 attributable	 to	 equity	 holders	 of	 TMX	 Group	 in	 Q2/25	 was	 $74.1	 million,	 or	 $0.27	 per	 common	
share	on	a	basic	and	$0.26	on	a	diluted	basis,	compared	with	$105.9	million,	or	$0.38	per	common	share	on	a	
basic	and	diluted	basis	for	Q1/25.	The	decrease	in	 net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group 	and	
earnings	per	share	largely	reflects	higher	net	finance	costs	in	Q2/25	compared	with	Q1/25	driven	by	FX	losses	
on	 USD-denominated	 intercompany	 loans.	 Excluding	 net	 finance	 costs,	 net	 income	 attributable	 to	 equity	
holders	of	TMX	Group	increased	from	Q1/25	to	Q2/25	driven	by	higher	income	from	operations.
Q1/25	compared	with	Q4/24
• Revenue	was	$419.1	million	in	Q1/25,	up	$25.8	million	or	7%	from	$393.3	million	in	Q4/24	reflecting	higher	
Derivatives	Trading	&	Clearing	 and	Equity	and	Fixed	Income	Trading	&	Clearing 	revenue	driven	by	increased	
volumes.	 There	 was	 also	 higher	 revenue	 from	 Global	 Insights	 reflecting	 increases	 in	 TMX	 VettaFi	 including	
iNDEX	 Research,	 TMX	 Trayport,	 and	 TMX	 Datalinx.	 These	 revenue	 increases	 were	 partially	 offset	 by	 lower	
Capital	Formation	revenue	driven	by	lower	net	interest	income	from	TSX	Trust.
• Operating	 Expenses	 in	 Q1/25	 were	 $237.7	 million,	 up	 $25.6	 million	 or	 12%	 from	 Q4/24,	 which	 includes	
strategic	 re-alignment	 expenses	 of	 $4.6	 million.	 The	 increase	 was	 primarily	 attributable	 to	 increased	
Page	58
headcount	 and	 payroll	 costs,	 increased	 employee	 performance	 incentive	 plan	 costs	 of	 approximately	 $5.5	
million,	and	$7.7	million	of	costs	related	to	TMX	VettaFi's	annual	conference.
• Income	 from	 operations	 was	 relatively	 unchanged	 from	 Q4/24	 to	 Q1/25	 reflecting	 higher	 revenue,	 mostly	
offset	by	higher	operating	expenses.
• Net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group	 in	Q1/25	was	$105.9	million,	or	$0.38	per	common	
share	on	a	basic	and	diluted	basis,	compared	with	$159.3	million,	or	$0.58	per	common	share	on	a	basic	and	
diluted	basis	for	Q4/24.	The	decrease	in	 net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group 	and	earnings	
per	 share	 largely	 reflects	 net	 finance	 income	 of	 $40.0	 million	 in	 Q4/24	 compared	 with	 net	 finance	 costs	 of	
$18.2	million	in	Q1/25.	Adjusted	net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group	remained	relatively	
unchanged	in	Q1/25	compared	to	Q4/24.
Q4/24	compared	with	Q3/24
• Revenue	 was	 $393.3	 million	 in	 Q4/24,	 up	 $39.5	 million	 or	 11%	 from	 $353.8	 million	 in	 Q3/24	 reflecting	
increases	 in	 revenue	 from	 Capital	 Formation,	 Equities	 and	 Fixed	 Income	 Trading	 and	 Clearing,	 Derivatives	
Trading	and	Clearing,	and	Global	Insights	driven	by	TMX	VettaFi	including	iNDEX	Research	(acquired	October	
15,	2024).
• Operating	Expenses	in	Q4/24	were	$212.1	million,	up	$13.8	million	or	7%	from	Q3/24	reflecting	$3.7	million	
higher	 operating	 expenses	 related	 to	 TMX	 VettaFi,	 Newsfile	 and	 iNDEX	 Research,	 $2.5	 million	 higher	
contingent	 compensation	 costs	 related	 to	 Newsfile	 and	 iNDEX	 Research,	 $0.8	 million	 higher	 integration	
expenses,	$1.5	million	higher	expenses	related	to	the	U.S.	expansion	initiative,	and	$1.3	million	related	to	an	
onerous	 contract	 provision	 true-up	 in	 Q4/24.	 There	 was	 also	 higher	 IT	 operating	 costs	 and	 higher	 project	
spend.	These	increases	were	partially	offset	by	$1.4	million	lower	acquisition	and	related	expenses	as	well	as	
lower	employee	performance	incentive	plan	costs.
• Income	 from	 operations	 increased	 from	 Q3/24	 to	 Q4/24	 driven	 by	 higher	 revenue,	 partially	 offset	 by	 higher	
operating	expenses.
• Net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group	 in	Q4/24	was	$159.3	million,	or	$0.58	per	common	
share	on	a	basic	and	diluted	basis,	compared	with	$82.7	million,	or	$0.30	per	common	share	on	a	basic	and	
diluted	basis	for	Q3/24.	The	increase	in	 net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group 	and	earnings	
per	share	was	primarily	driven	by	$40.0	million	of	net	finance	income	in	Q4/24	compared	with	$29.1	million	of	
net	finance	costs	in	Q3/24,	as	well	as	higher	income	from	operations.
Q3/24	compared	with	Q2/24
• Revenue	 was	 $353.8	 million	 in	 Q3/24,	 down	 $13.3	 million	 or	 4%	 from	 $367.1	 million	 in	 Q2/24	 reflecting	
decreases	in	revenue	from	Capital	Formation,	Equities	and	Fixed	Income	Trading	and	Clearing,	partially	offset	
by	revenue	increases	from	Derivatives	Trading	and	Clearing,	and	Global	Insights	driven	by	TMX	Trayport.
• Operating	 Expenses	 in	 Q3/24	 were	 $198.3	 million,	 down	 $4.9	 million	 from	 Q2/24,	 primarily	 driven	 by	 lower	
integration	 expenses	 of	 $3.0	 million,	 lower	 operating	 expenses	 related	 to	 TMX	 VettaFi,	 lower	 project	 spend	
and	 director	 fees.	 These	 decreases	 were	 somewhat	 offset	 by	 higher	 acquisition	 related	 costs,	 and	 higher	
employee	incentive	plan	costs.
• Income	 from	 operations	 decreased	 from	 Q2/24	 to	 Q3/24	 due	 to	 lower	 revenue,	 somewhat	 offset	 by	 lower	
operating	expenses.
• Net	 income	 attributable	 to	 equity	 holders	 of	 TMX	 Group	 in	 Q3/24	 was	 $82.7	 million,	 or	 $0.30	 per	 common	
share	on	a	basic	and	diluted	basis,	compared	with	$100.0	million,	or	$0.36	per	common	share	on	a	basic	and	
diluted	basis	for	Q2/24.	The	decrease	in	 net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group 	and	earnings	
per	share	was	primarily	driven	by	lower	income	from	operations,	higher	financing	costs,	and	partially	offset	by	
lower	income	tax	expense.
Page	59
Q2/24	compared	with	Q1/24
• Revenue	was	$367.1	million	in	Q2/24,	up	$21.2	million	or	6%	from	$345.9	million	in	Q1/24	reflecting	increases	
in	 revenue	 from	 Capital	 Formation,	 Derivatives	 Trading	 &	 Clearing,	 Equities	 and	 Fixed	 Income	 Trading	 and	
Clearing,	 partially	 offset	 by	 a	 decrease	 in	 revenue	 from	 Global	 Insights	 which	 included	 revenue	 from	 TMX	
VettaFi's	annual	Exchange	conference	in	Q1/24.
• Operating	 expenses	 in	 Q2/24	 were	 $203.2	 million,	 down	 $1.0	 million	 from	 Q1/24.	 The	 decrease	 reflected	
approximately	 $7.2	 million	 lower	 operating	 expenses	 related	 to	 TMX	 VettaFi	 largely	 driven	 by	 the	 annual	
Exchange	conference	in	Q1/24,	lower	acquisition	and	related	expenses	of	$6.0	million,	and	lower	payroll	costs.	
These	 decreases	 were	 somewhat	 offset	 by	 higher	 BOX	 related	 expenses	 of	 $2.5	 million,	 higher	 integration	
costs	 of	 $2.1	 million,	 higher	 employee	 incentive	 plan	 costs,	 higher	 IT	 operating	 costs,	 revenue	 related	
expenses	and	director	fees.
• Income	 from	 operations	 increased	 from	 Q1/24	 to	 Q2/24	 driven	 by	 higher	 revenue	 and	 lower	 operating 	
expenses.
• Net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group 	in	 Q2/24	was	$100.0	million,	or	$0.36	per	common	
share	on	a	basic	and	diluted	basis,	compared	with	$139.5	million,	or	$0.50	per	common	share	on	a	basic	and	
diluted	basis	for	Q1/24.	The	decrease	in	 net	income	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	TMX	Group 	and	earnings	
per	 share	 largely	 reflect	 a	 non-cash	 gain	 of	 $57.1	 million	 recognized	 in	 Q1/24	 resulting	 from	 the	 fair	 value	
remeasurement	of	our	previously	held	minority	interest	in	VettaFi	(equity-accounted	January	9,	2023	prior	to	
the	acquisition	of	control	January	2,	2024).
ENTERPRISE	RISK	MANAGEMENT
Executive	Summary
As	 TMX	 continues	 to	 evolve	 to	 a	 global	 information	 business	 we	 face	 a	 complex	 risk	 landscape.	 A	 portion	 of	 TMX's	
financial	performance	is	exposed	to	the	volatility	of	Canadian	and	global	capital	markets,	with	revenues	from	trading,	
listing,	 and	 clearing	 activities	 impacted	 by	 a	 number	 of	 factors	 including	 macroeconomic	 conditions,	 investor	
confidence,	and	the	health	of	Canada's	economy.	
We	face	competition	from	other	exchanges,	particularly	in	the	U.S.,	and	alternative	trading	venues	that	operate	under	
different	 regulatory	 frameworks,	 creating	 pricing	 pressure	 and	 risks	 to	 market	 share.	 Strategic	 execution	 risk	 is	 also	
prominent,	 centered	 on	 the	 ability	 to	 successfully	 integrate	 acquisitions,	 innovate	 in	 areas	 like	 private	 wealth,	 TMX	
Corporate	Solutions,	and	data	analytics,	and	adapt	to	disruptive	technologies,	including	the	opportunities	and	threats	
presented	by	artificial	intelligence	(AI)	and	tokenization	of	securities.
Operationally,	TMX	is	critically	dependent	on	the	resilience	and	security	of	our	technology	infrastructure	against	system	
failures	and	sophisticated	cyber	threats.	Furthermore,	our	listing,	trading	and	clearing	operations	are	also	constrained	
by	a	highly	regulated	environment,	with	Recognition	Orders	imposing	significant	costs	and	limitations	on	fee	structures,	
operational	changes,	and	ownership	structure,	among	other	things.	This	regulatory	oversight,	combined	with	financial	
covenants	of	our	Credit	Facility	agreement	and	a	desire	to	maintain	investment-grade	credit	ratings	for	liquidity,	form	a	
critical	boundary	for	our	strategic	and	financial	flexibility.
To	manage	this	complex	risk	landscape,	TMX	utilizes	an	"Objective	Centric	Risk	Management	(OCRM)"	framework	and	
governance	model,	ensuring	risk	management	is	directly	integrated	with	strategic	objectives	from	the	business	units	up	
to	 the	 Board	 of	 Directors.	 OCRM	 methodology	 is	 for	 assessing	 and	 communicating	 the	 risks	 that	 could	 impact	
achievement	of	TMX's	strategic	and	operational	objectives.
Page	60
Risk	Management	Approach
We	have	identified	a	number	of	principles	that	guide	our	management	of	risks,	including	the	following:
• We	 promote	 and	 maintain	 an	 enterprise-wide	 ethical	 culture	 that	 values	 the	 importance	 of	 effective	 risk	
management	in	day-to-day	business	activities	and	decision-making	and	encourages	open	communication.
• Our	business	units	and	corporate	functions	own	the	objectives	and	the	risks	assumed	in	their	activities,	and	
are	 therefore	 accountable	 for	 the	 effective	 management	 of	 those	 risks,	 supported	 by	 the	 risk	 management	
and	internal	audit	functions.
• TMX	 uses	 Five	 Lines	 of	 Accountability,	 which	 enhances	 the	 Three	 Lines	 model	 while	 recognizing	 the	 role	 of	
senior	 management	 and	 the	 Board	 in	 risk	 management.	 We	 define	 these	 roles	 and	 responsibilities	 and	
associated	levels	of	authority	for	risk-taking	across	the	enterprise.
• We	 believe	 we	 employ	 effective	 and	 consistent	 risk	 management	 processes	 across	 the	 enterprise	 to	 ensure	
that	objectives	and	risks	are	transparent,	well	understood,	and	remain	within	an	accepted	and	approved	level	
of	risk	appetite.
• We	believe	we	employ	suffici ent	resources	and	effective	tools,	methods,	models,	and	technology	to	support	
our	risk	management	processes.
• Our	Enterprise	Risk	Management	(ERM)	 framework	has	been	designed	to	reflect	 industry	standards,	and	legal	
and	regulatory	requirements,	and	is	regularly	reassessed.
Risk	Governance
Risk	 governance	 is	 structured	 using	 a	 "Five	 Lines	 of	 Accountability"	 model.	 This	 structure	 defines	 roles	 and	
responsibilities	across	the	enterprise	and	ensures	clear	accountability	and	authority	levels	for	risk-taking.	As	illustrated	
in	the	diagram	below,	using	OCRM	requires	senior	management,	under	the	supervision	of	the	Board,	to:	
i. clearly	define	roles	across	the	businesses;	
ii. explicitly	specify	risk	and	assurance	requirements;	and	
iii. determine	the	business	objectives	that	warrant	more	formal	and	visible	risk	assessment	processes.	
This	ensures	the	integration	of	the	enterprise's	objectives,	risks,	risk	treatments,	and	performance.
Page	61
Group	Risk	Appetite
TMX	operates	within	the	limits	defined	in	the	Risk	Appetite	Statements	(RAS),	which	define	the	acceptable	nature	and	
amount	of	uncertainty	TMX	is	willing	to	accept	in	pursuit	of	its	objectives.	Risk	Appetite	Statements	are	an	integral	part	
of	TMX’s	overall	enterprise	risk	management	framework	and	are	anchored	in	our	core	values	and	strategic	priorities.	
We	consider	the	following	when	determining	the	level	of	acceptable	uncertainty	in	our	Risk	Appetite	Statements:
• alignment	with	TMX’s	values	and	strategic	priorities,
• the	relative	importance	of	the	Objective,	and
• the	potential	of	the	Objective	to	increase	or	erode	entity	value.
Risk	Factor	Summary
The	 main	 risks	 that	 could	 materially	 and	 adversely	 affect	 TMX's	 business,	 operating	 results,	 long-term	 financial	
objectives,	 cash	 flows,	 or	 financial	 condition	 are	 categorized	 as	 follows:	 Operational	 Risk,	 Legal	 and	 Regulatory	 Risk,	
Strategic	and	Business	Risk,	Financial	Risk,	and	Reputational	Risk.	While	TMX	employs	risk	mitigation	strategies	where	
deemed	 appropriate	 or	 applicable,	 there	 is	 no	 assurance	 that	 these	 strategies	 will	 successfully	 lessen	 the	 adverse	
impact	 on	 its	 business,	 financial	 performance,	 financial	 position,or	 future	 prospects	 should	 such	 risks	 materialize,	 in	
whole	or	in	part.	The	risks	and	uncertainties	described	below	are	not	exhaustive.	Additional	risks	and	uncertainties	not	
presently	known	to	TMX	or	currently	considered	immaterial	may	also	materially	and	adversely	affect	TMX.	
Risk	Factor	Details
Operational	Risks	
Operational	risk	for	TMX	stems	from	potential	losses	from	inadequate	or	failed	internal	processes,	systems,	people,	or	
external	events.	We	face	a	multifaceted	and	evolving	risk	landscape	across	our	technology,	operations,	and	personnel.	
Page	62
We	 are	 committed	 to	 managing	 these	 risks	 through	 a	 comprehensive	 framework,	 however	 not	 all	 risks	 can	 be	
eliminated.
Process	Execution	Risk
Operational	 failures	 within	 our	 trading,	 clearing,	 depository,	 and	 transfer	 agent	 services	 could	 lead	 to	 significant	
financial	 losses	 and	 disrupt	 market	 confidence.	 A	 major	 system	 compromise	 could	 interrupt	 services	 across	 our	
platforms	and	potentially	affect	other	systemically	important	financial	infrastructures	in	Canada.	Specific	risks	include	
the	 potential	 loss	 or	 theft	 of	 physical	 securities	 held	 in	 safekeeping	 at	 CDS	 and	 operational	 challenges	 at	 TSX	 Trust	
arising	from	its	wide	range	of	services	and	the	complexity	of	its	operating	platforms.	To	mitigate	these	risks,	we	have	
comprehensive	incident	disaster	recovery	and	business	continuity	plans,	including	split	operations	for	our	data	centers	
and	offices.	Certain	internal	controls	within	our	clearinghouses	and	TSX	Trust	are	audited	by	an	external	party	at	least	
annually,	and	the	risk	of	physical	security	loss	is	mitigated	through	physical	security	layers	and	insurance	coverage.	
Change	Management	Risk
Our	growth	strategy	is	based	on	an	organic	plan	that	can	be	accelerated	by	targeted	acquisitions.	Over	the	past	few	
years	we	have	been	more	acquisitive	which	has	increased	the	risk	and	focus	on	change	management.	This	includes	the	
risk	of	failing	to	successfully	acquire	and	integrate	acquisitions	to	achieve	their	planned	economic	benefits,	or	to	divest	
under-performing	 businesses	 in	 a	 timely	 manner.	 Our	 ability	 to	 integrate	 talent,	 clients,	 operations,	 and	 technology	
systems	could	divert	management’s	attention	and	strain	resources.	To	mitigate	risk,	we	have	developed	and	codified	
standardized	governance,	processes	and	streamlined	tool	sets	to	support	both	transaction	and	integration	execution.	
We	 have	 optimized	 resourcing	 and	 ensure	 continuity	 by	 involving	 the	 same	 personnel	 in	 both	 due	 diligence	 and	
integration,	eliminating	knowledge	gaps.	Change	management	is	embedded	across	all	stakeholder	workstreams,	with	
progress	monitored	by	a	Senior	Management	Steering	Committee	and	Board-level	oversight.
Technology	and	Cyber	Security	Risk
Our	business	is	extremely	dependent	on	our	information	technology	systems,	as	trading,	clearing,	settlement,	and	data	
services	are	conducted	electronically.	We	face	Technology	Risk	that	could	impede	our	ability	to	deliver	products	and	
services	effectively.	This	includes	the	potential	for	system	failures,	delays,	or	interruptions,	and	the	risk	that	our	current	
technological	architecture	may	not	efficiently	support	changing	business	requirements.	
Closely	related	to	Technology	Risk,	is	our	exposure	to	Information	and	Cyber	Security	Risk,	as	our	networks	and	those	
of	 our	 third-party	 service	 providers,	 participants	 and	 clearing	 members	 are	 vulnerable	 to	 increasingly	 sophisticated	
threats	 across	 the	 supply	 chain.	 These	 threats	 are	 continuously	 evolving	 and	 include	 ransomware,	 state-sponsored	
cyber-attacks,	 and	 those	 amplified	 by	 the	 emergence	 of	 Generative	 Artificial	 Intelligence	 (GenAI)	 technologies.	 A	
successful	 cyber	 attack	 could	 compromise	 our	 operations	 and	 intellectual	 property,	 damage	 the	 integrity	 of	 our	
markets,	 and	 adversely	 affect	 our	 reputation.	 To	 manage	 these	 combined	 risks,	 we	 employ	 a	 "defense	 in	 depth"	
security	 strategy	 with	 multiple	 layers	 of	 preventative,	 detective,	 and	 corrective	 controls,	 including	 firewalls,	 access	
controls,	and	regular	security	assessments	of	our	internal	controls	and	controls	of	third	party	providers.	We	also	have	
incident	disaster	recovery	and	contingency	plans	that	are	tested	regularly.	However,	these	plans	may	not	be	adequate	
for	 every	 possible	 scenario	 and	 our	 industry-standard	 security	 measures	 may	 prove	 insufficient	 given	 the	 rapidly	
evolving	 changes	 of	 the	 technology	 landscape,	 potentially	 requiring	 us	 to	 expend	 significant	 resources	 to	 protect	
against	 the	 problems	 caused	 by	 any	 breaches.	 Additionally,	 a	 successful	 cyber	 security	 breach	 could	 also	 lead	 to	
litigation	against	us.
New	and	Evolving	Technology	Risk
The	increasing	use	of	AI	and	GenAI	technologies	by	both	our	own	employees	and	malicious	actors	presents	a	new	and	
evolving	 challenge,	 escalating	 the	 sophistication	 of	 cyber	 threats	 and	 creating	 complex	 intellectual	 property	 risks	
related	to	AI-generated	content	and	data	use.
Page	63
As	 with	 all	 technology,	 GenAI	 tools	 pose	 certain	 risks.	 Some	 of	 these	 risks	 are	 heightened	 or	 unique	 in	 the	 GenAI	
context	 due	 to	 how	 GenAI	 tools	 are	 trained	 and	 provide	 output.	 These	 include	 risks	 related	 to	 information	 security	
concerns,	 the	 disclosure	 or	 improper	 use	 of	 TMX	 confidential	 information	 and	 intellectual	 property,	 the	 violation	 of	
third-party	rights	and	the	privacy	of	individuals,	as	well	as	accuracy	of	the	output	and	the	potential	for	creating	biased	
output.	
We	 have	 implemented,	 and	 continue	 to	 evolve,	 our	 governance	 model	 to	 include	 a	 team	 comprising	 multiple	
stakeholders	to	evaluate	employees	use	cases	of	AI	and	GenAI	technologies,	analyze	the	risks	arising	from	these	use	
cases	and	provide	recommendations	on	their	mitigation.	Furthermore,	internal	governance	documents	and	guidelines	
have	 been	 established	 to	 outline	 the	 processes	 and	 actions	 required	 to	 implement	 our	 Acceptable	 Use	 Policy	 with	
respect	to	the	use	of	GenAI.	
Business	Continuity	Risk
Our	Business	Continuity	Risk	involves	the	potential	for	our	critical	functions	to	be	interrupted	by	geopolitical	instability,	
pandemics,	 natural	 disasters,	 power	 loss,	 or	 sabotage.	 It	 also	 includes	 the	 risk	 of	 operational	 failures	 from	 system	
disruptions	or	insider	threats—whether	intentional	or	accidental—which	could	undermine	market	confidence	and	lead	
to	 litigation	 or	 regulatory	 sanctions.	 Our	 mitigation	 strategy	 is	 a	 comprehensive	 Business	 Resilience	 program	 that	
includes	interconnected	plans	for	crisis	management,	disaster	recovery,	and	business	continuity.	A	key	component	of	
this	 strategy	 is	 maintaining	 split	 operations	 for	 both	 our	 data	 centers	 and	 office	 spaces	 to	 provide	 redundancy	 in	
technology,	 infrastructure,	 and	 personnel.	 Our	 Crisis	 Management	 Team	 is	 implemented	 across	 all	 lines	 of	 business.	
We	 also	 face	 risk	 from	 our	 reliance	 on	 internal	 shared	 services;	 this	 is	 mitigated	 by	 ensuring	 key	 operations	 are	
budgeted,	resourced,	and	supported	by	fully	tested	business	continuity	and	disaster	recovery	plans.
Third-Party	Risk
We	 depend	 on	 a	 number	 of	 external	 suppliers	 for	 essential	 elements	 of	 our	 business,	 including	 cloud	 services,	 data	
processors,	and	network	providers.	These	third	parties	may	suffer	interruptions,	may	not	be	able	to	scale	to	meet	our	
needs,	 or	 prevent	 us	 to	 renew	 agreements	 on	 favorable	 terms.	 We	 manage	 this	 through	 a	 central	 procurement	
function	focused	on	vendor	selection	and	onboarding.	Due	diligence	activities,	including	cybersecurity,	are	conducted	
to	assess	the	risks	from	third	parties	and	to	ensure	mitigation	strategies	are	in	place.	However,	if	a	critical	third	party	
stops	providing	services	and	we	cannot	find	a	suitable	alternative,	our	business	could	be	materially	affected.	
Talent	Risk
The	loss	of	key	talent,	the	inability	to	attract	employees	with	required	skills	and	capabilities,	or	failure	to	manage	the	
integration	 of	 talent	 from	 acquired	 companies	 could	 adversely	 affect	 the	 execution	 of	 our	 objectives.	 We	 face	 risks	
from	 a	 shortage	 of	 qualified	 talent	 in	 critical	 areas	 and	 from	 rapidly	 shifting	 employee	 expectations	 regarding	
compensation,	 benefits,	 and	 work	 styles.	 We	 mitigate	 talent	 risks	 through	 proactive	 recruitment,	 annual	 succession	
reviews,	and	competitive	compensation.	Our	strategy	is	informed	by	data-driven	metrics	like	turnover	and	internal	hire	
rates.	 We	 also	 develop	 multi-faceted	 integration	 plans	 to	 onboard	 and	 integrate	 talent	 from	 acquired	 organizations,	
measure	engagement	regularly	via	surveys,	and	foster	an	inclusive	culture.
Model	Risk
We	are	exposed	to	the	risk	that	the	financial	models	used	within	our	clearing	houses,	CDS	and	CDCC,	are	not	designed	
or	 operating	 effectively,	 which	 could	 expose	 these	 businesses	 to	 systemic	 failure.	 These	 critical	 models	 are	 used	 to	
estimate	risk	exposures	and	determine	the	value	of	margin	and	collateral	required	to	mitigate	those	exposures.	They	
are	subject	to	risks	such	as	the	use	of	incorrect	inputs,	model	misspecification,	implementation	errors,	or	black	swan	
events	beyond	the	model	parameters,	any	of	which	could	result	in	a	clearing	member's	failure,	or	being	inadequately	
collateralized,	 potentially	 creating	 systemic	 risks.	 We	 mitigate	 these	 risks	 through	 model	 testing	 and	 independent	
vetting	prior	to	implementation	and	by	maintaining	a	risk	management	framework	with	the	necessary	governance	to	
regularly	assess	the	adequacy	of	the	models.	Furthermore,	our	clearinghouse	risk	models	are	subject	to	independent	
Page	64
ongoing	 vetting	 and	 monitoring	 to	 ensure	 they	 remain	 robust,	 fit-for-purpose	 and	 compliant	 with	 regulatory	
requirements.
Fraud	Risk
Fraudulent	 activities,	 particularly	 from	 authorized	 employees	 who	 may	 intentionally	 take	 malicious	 actions	 that	
compromise	 our	 technology,	 information,	 assets,	 or	 operations,	 may	 result	 in	 financial	 or	 reputational	 loss.	 Insiders	
may	 circumvent	 security	 measures	 to	 wrongfully	 use	 information	 or	 cause	 operational	 malfunctions.	 Our	 mitigation	
strategy	is	multi-layered,	beginning	with	background	checks	conducted	prior	to	hiring	and	throughout	an	individual's	
employment,	 with	 the	 frequency	 based	 on	 their	 level	 of	 access.	 We	 enforce	 mandatory	 awareness	 training,	 manage	
access	 levels	 strictly	 with	 multi-factor	 authentication,	 and	 continuously	 monitor	 our	 networks	 and	 user	 behavior	 to	
identify	anomalies	or	compromised	accounts.	We	also	provide	a	confidential	Whistleblower	program,	administered	by	
a	 third	 party,	 which	 allows	 employees	 to	 anonymously	 report	 suspicious	 behavior	 and	 activates	 an	 investigative	
process.
Legal	and	Regulatory	Risk	
We	 are	 exposed	 to	 significant	 Legal	 and	 Regulatory	 Risk	 stemming	 from	 the	 complex	 and	 evolving	 environment	 in	
which	we	operate.	This	risk	is	multifaceted,	encompassing	high	compliance	costs,	extensive	regulatory	oversight	that	
may	 constrain	 our	 business,	 the	 challenge	 of	 adapting	 to	 new	 requirements,	 and	 the	 potential	 for	 litigation	 or	
regulatory	enforcement	actions.
Regulatory	Risk
We	operate	in	a	highly	regulated	industry	and	are	subject	to	extensive	government	regulation,	with	the	potential	for	
increased	regulatory	requirements	in	the	future.	We	incur	significant	costs	to	comply	with	the	requirements	imposed	
on	us,	including	those	pursuant	to	our	Recognition	Orders.	Our	regulators	in	Canada,	the	U.S.,	and	other	jurisdictions	
where	we	do	business	possess	broad	powers	to	audit,	investigate,	enforce	compliance,	and	impose	sanctions	for	any	
non-compliance.	 These	 powers	 include	 the	 ability	 to	 prohibit	 us	 from	 engaging	 in	 certain	 business	 activities	 and	 to	
suspend	or	revoke	our	existing	approvals	to	operate	as	a	marketplace	or	clearing	agency.	Any	actual	or	alleged	non-
compliance	 could	 lead	 to	 investigations	 or	 proceedings	 that	 could	 result	 in	 substantial	 costs	 and	 a	 diversion	 of	
resources,	and	could	significantly	harm	our	reputation.
The	 regulatory	 framework	 itself	 may	 impose	 barriers	 that	 limit	 our	 ability	 to	 build	 an	 efficient	 and	 competitive	
organization	and	may	also	constrain	our	ability	to	expand	our	global	operations.	We	are	required	to	obtain	regulatory	
approval	or	review	for	many	of	our	operational	and	business	changes,	including	our	listing	rules,	trading	rules,	clearing	
and	settlement	rules,	fee	structures,	and	changes	to	our	systems,	any	of	which	could	increase	our	costs	and	delay	our	
strategic	 plans.	 This	 environment	 also	 creates	 the	 potential	 for	 a	 real	 or	 perceived	 conflict	 of	 interest	 between	 our	
regulatory	responsibilities	and	our	business	activities.	We	have	implemented	stringent	governance	measures	and	have	
policies	 and	 procedures	 in	 place	 to	 manage	 such	 conflicts,	 as	 any	 failure	 to	 do	 so	 could	 significantly	 harm	 our	
reputation	and	prompt	regulatory	action.
We	also	face	significant	uncertainty	from	new	regulatory	requirements,	as	numerous	initiatives	and	changes	are	being	
implemented	by	regulators	in	Canada,	the	U.S.,	and	Europe.	We	cannot	be	certain	what	form	these	changes	will	take	or	
predict	 their	 impact	 on	 our	 business.	 These	 new	 requirements	 could	 make	 it	 more	 costly	 for	 us	 (and	 our	 clients)	 to	
operate,	enter	new	business	areas,	or	expand.	
With	 respect	 to	 fees,	 our	 Recognition	 Orders	 impose	 restrictions	 or	 prohibitions	 on	 certain	 types	 of	 discounts	 or	
incentives	 that	 our	 equity	 exchanges	 may	 provide,	 which	 may	 limit	 our	 ability	 to	 introduce	 new	 products	 in	 a	 timely	
manner	or	inhibit	their	adoption	by	customers.	The	Ontario	Securities	Commission	also	has	the	right	to	require	us	to	re-
submit	 a	 previously	 approved	 fee	 or	 incentive	 for	 re-approval,	 which	 could	 lead	 to	 its	 revocation	 or	 amendment.	
Furthermore,	 we	 are	 required	 to	 obtain	 prior	 regulatory	 approval	 for	 a	 number	 of	 operational	 changes,	 including	
Page	65
changes	 to	 our	 internal	 cost	 allocation	 models,	 any	 material	 integration	 or	 reorganization	 of	 our	 businesses,	 non-
ordinary	 course	 changes	 to	 TSXV’s	 operations,	 and	 any	 outsourcing	 of	 key	 services	 or	 systems.	 This	 requirement	 to	
obtain	 approvals	 may	 restrict	 or	 delay	 our	 ability	 to	 make	 planned	 changes	 to	 our	 operations,	 which	 could	 have	 an	
adverse	effect	on	our	business.	
Litigation	Risk	
Many	 aspects	 of	 our	 business	 involve	 the	 potential	 risk	 of	 legal	 proceedings,	 which	 could	 lead	 to	 significant	 liability.	
Dissatisfied	customers	or	vendors,	among	others,	may	make	claims	regarding	the	manner	in	which	we	operate	or	may	
legally	challenge	our	regulatory	or	other	actions	or	decisions.	We	could	also	be	exposed	to	liability	from	disputes	over	
the	terms	of	a	trade,	or	from	claims	that	a	system	delay	or	failure	caused	a	customer	to	suffer	a	financial	loss.	We	may	
benefit	from	certain	contractual	indemnities	and	limitations	on	liabilities	that	are	in	place.	However,	these	rights	may	
not	be	sufficient	to	fully	protect	us	from	all	potential	claims.
	 In	 addition,	 TMX	 is	 exposed	 to	 civil	 liability	 for	 any	 misrepresentations	 in	 our	 continuous	 disclosure	 documents	 and	
public	 oral	 statements,	 or	 for	 any	 failure	 to	 make	 timely	 disclosures	 of	 material	 changes,	 for	 which	 investors	 have	 a	
statutory	right	of	action	in	most	Canadian	jurisdictions.	
We	 could	 incur	 significant	 legal	 expenses	 in	 defending	 any	 of	 these	 claims,	 even	 those	 that	 are	 without	 merit.	 If	 a	
lawsuit	 or	 claim	 is	 resolved	 against	 us,	 it	 could	 materially	 and	 adversely	 affect	 our	 reputation,	 our	 business,	 our	
financial	condition,	and	our	operating	results.
Intellectual	Property	Risk	
Our	 Intellectual	 Property	 (IP)	 risk	 is	 twofold.	 First,	 we	 may	 be	 unable	 to	 adequately	 protect	 our	 own	 intellectual	
property—which	 we	 rely	 on	 to	 compete	 effectively—from	 unauthorized	 use	 or	 misappropriation	 by	 others.	 This	
includes	the	potential	for	claims	arising	from	the	rapidly	evolving	use	and	legal	landscape	of	AI,	which	presents	new	and	
complex	 challenges	 to	 protecting	 our	 IP.	 This	 could	 harm	 our	 brand	 and	 limit	 our	 ability	 to	 maintain	 or	 increase	
revenue.	Our	mitigation	involves	relying	on	a	combination	of	legal	tools	like	trademark,	copyright,	and	patent	laws,	as	
well	as	trade	secret	protection	and	contractual	arrangements.	Second,	we	face	the	risk	that	IP	infringement	claims	may	
be	asserted	against	us	or	our	customers	regarding	third-party	IP	that	we	license,	or	in	relation	to	our	own	activities.	If	a	
claim	 is	 successfully	 asserted	 against	 us,	 we	 could	 be	 required	 to	 spend	 significant	 time	 and	 money	 to	 develop	 non-
infringing	alternatives	or	to	license	the	IP	from	the	owner,	which	we	may	not	be	able	to	do	on	commercially	acceptable	
terms,	if	at	all.
To	address	the	emerging	risks	around	AI,	we	have	implemented,	and	continue	to	evolve,	a	governance	framework	to	
monitor	 developments,	 assess	 employee	 use	 cases	 involving	 GenAI	 and	 potential	 risks	 and	 impact,	 and	 implement	
measures	designed	to	protect	against	these	risks.	However,	these	efforts	to	protect	our	intellectual	property	may	not	
always	be	adequate	to	deter	misappropriation	and	may	not	fully	mitigate	the	risks,	particularly	given	the	rapid	pace	of	
change	and	novel	legal	questions	presented	by	AI.
Strategic	and	Business	Risks
Strategic	Execution	Risk	is	the	failure	to	develop	a	strategy	that	identifies	potential	growth	opportunities	and	threats	
within	our	environment	and/	or	the	failure	to	execute	effectively	on	our	strategy.	
Strategic	Planning
Our	strategic	planning	process	may	fail	to	identify	and	properly	respond	to	all	significant	opportunities	or	threats	within	
our	 industry.	 Despite	 thorough	 analysis	 and	 regular	 testing	 of	 our	 assumptions,	 we	 may	 not	 successfully	 identify	 or	
Page	66
react	to	market	shifts	impacting	our	industry,	which	could	hinder	our	ability	to	innovate	for	evolving	client	needs	and	
lead	to	inefficient	capital	deployment.
Strategic	Execution
Even	when	a	strategy	is	defined,	we	may	not	execute	it	effectively.	A	number	of	factors	could	impede	our	execution,	
including	 overall	 economic	 conditions,	 increased	 global	 and	 domestic	 competition,	 delays	 in	 mobilizing	 internal	
resources,	 challenges	 in	 attracting	 and	 retaining	 talent	 with	 the	 right	 capabilities,	 difficulties	 in	 developing	 and	
launching	 new	 products,	 and	 regulatory	 restrictions.	 Failure	 to	 execute	 on	 our	 strategy	 could	 impact	 our	 business,	
operating	results	and	reputation.	
Financing	Constraints
Our	 ability	 to	 obtain	 financing	 beyond	 a	 certain	 amount	 for	 new	 business	 opportunities	 could	 be	 difficult	 due	 to	
financial	restrictions	under	our	Commercial	Paper	Program,	Debentures,	Credit	Agreement,	and	Recognition	Orders.
New	Business	Ventures	&	International	Expansion
This	 risk	 extends	 to	 new	 business	 activities	 and	 international	 expansion.	 We	 may	 enter	 into	 new	 business	 lines	 that	
could	adversely	affect	our	existing	profitability,	if	new	revenue	does	not	exceed	the	associated	costs.	
Expanding	 our	 operations	 internationally	 also	 presents	 unique	 challenges	 that	 we	 may	 not	 be	 able	 to	 meet.	 These	
include	navigating	foreign	regulatory	restrictions,	geopolitical	unrest,	reduced	intellectual	property	protection,	staffing	
and	managing	foreign	operations,	adverse	tax	consequences,	and	difficulties	in	enforcing	agreements	in	foreign	legal	
systems.	The	costs	to	comply	with	foreign	laws	can	be	substantial	and	may	outweigh	the	potential	benefits.	To	manage	
our	overall	strategic	execution	risk,	we	invest	significant	resources	in	the	development	and	execution	of	our	corporate	
strategy	 and	 have	 established	 processes	 and	 tools	 for	 effective	 and	 rigorous	 oversight	 of	 our	 key	 initiatives.	 Despite	
these	efforts,the	various	factors	impacting	our	strategy	could	materially	affect	its	successful	execution.
Geopolitical	and	Economic	Risk	
Our	business	and	financial	results	are	linked	to	and	impacted	by	a	wide	range	of	geopolitical	and	economic	conditions,	
which	 are	 largely	 outside	 of	 our	 control.	 These	 factors	 may	 challenge	 our	 business	 model	 and	 objectives,	 affecting	
everything	from	revenue	and	client	activity	to	our	long-term	strategic	plans.
Although	 over	 50%	 of	 TMX’s	 revenue	 now	 originates	 from	 outside	 Canada,	 we	 are	 dependent	 on	 the	 health	 of	 the	
Canadian	economy.	Our	financial	results	are	affected	by	Canadian	commodity	prices,	interest	rates,	foreign	exchange	
rates,	 and	 overall	 levels	 of	 economic	 activity.	 A	 significant	 portion	 of	 the	 Canadian	 economy	 is	 based	 in	 the	 natural	
resources	and	energy	sectors,	which	exposes	us	to	macroeconomic	factors	that	impact	these	industries.	Any	prolonged	
economic	 downturn	 in	 Canada	 could	 have	 a	 significant	 negative	 impact	 on	 our	 business	 by	 materially	 affecting	 the	
number	 of	 new	 and	 existing	 issuers,	 their	 market	 capitalization,	 trading	 volumes	 across	 our	 markets,	 clearing	 and	
settlement	activities,	and	the	demand	for	our	market	data	and	corporate	solutions	products.
Our	 operating	 results	 and	 revenue	 drivers	 could	 also	 be	