 
 
 
November 24, 2025 
Dear Valued Shareholder: 
You are cordially invited to attend the annual meeting of shareholders of OTC Markets Group 
Inc. (the “Company”), to be held virtually on Tuesday, December 16, 2025, at 10:00 A.M. 
Eastern Time via live audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/otcm2025 
(the “Annual Meeting”). 
The principal business of the Annual Meeting will be to: 
• Elect six directors to serve on the Board of Directors of the Company; 
• Ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent 
registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025; and 
• Transact such other business as may come before the Annual Meeting. 
We invite you to read our proxy statement, enclosed herewith, for additional information 
concerning each of the two proposals to be voted on at the Annual Meeting. 
Stockholders of record at the close of business on November 18, 2025 shall be entitled to vote 
at the Annual Meeting. Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the 
meeting, and regardless of the number of shares you own, we urge you to vote your 
proxy as soon as possible to ensure a quorum of shareholders is represented. To ensure 
your shares are represented, we urge you to vote online by following the instructions on the 
enclosed proxy card. You may also vote by completing and mailing the enclosed proxy card. 
Thank you for your investment in OTC Markets Group. 
Cordially, 
 
 
 
 
 
R. Cromwell Coulson 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OTC Markets Group Inc.  info@otcmarkets.com 
300 Vesey Street, 12th Fl. (212) 896-4400 
New York, NY 10282 otcmarkets.com 

2 
OTC Markets Group Inc. 
2025 Annual Shareholder Meeting Proxy Statement 
 
 
 
 
Contents 
Proposal No. 1: Election of Six Directors ............................................................................. 3 
Proposal No. 2: Ratification of the Appointment of the Company’s Independent Public 
Accounting Firm ..................................................................................................................... 5 
3 
OTC Markets Group Inc. 
2025 Annual Shareholder Meeting Proxy Statement 
 
 
OTC Markets Group 2025 Annual Shareholder Meeting Proxy Statement 
Proposal No. 1: Election of Six Directors 
The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) has six members, five of whom are 
independent directors. The Board’s Audit Committee is composed of three independent 
directors. The Board is responsible for compensation, nominating, and corporate governance 
matters. The Board met five times in 2025, and the Audit Committee met four times in 2025. 
The nominees for election to the Board are Gary Baddeley, R. Cromwell Coulson, Louisa 
Serene Schneider, Julia Sears, Andrew Wimpfheimer, and Neal Wolkoff.  All nominees, if 
elected, will serve a one-year term expiring at the 2026 Annual Meeting. 
 
• Mr. Gary Baddeley is an independent director of the Company and member of the 
Board’s Audit Committee.  Mr. Baddeley has been a member of the Board since 2008 
and attended all meetings of the Board and Audit Committee held in 2025 (to date). 
• Mr. R. Cromwell Coulson is the CEO and President of the Company and has served as 
a non-independent director of the Company since 1997. Mr. Coulson attended all 
meetings of the Board held in 2025 (to date). 
• Ms. Louisa Serene Schneider is an independent director of the Company and member of 
the Board’s Audit Committee.  Ms. Serene Schneider has been a member of the Board 
since 2012 and attended all meetings of the Board and Audit Committee held in 2025 (to 
date). 
• Ms. Julia Sears is an independent director of the Company.  Ms. Sears has been a 
member of the Board since 2024 and attended all meetings of the Board held in 2025 
(to date). 
• Mr. Andrew Wimpfheimer is an independent director of the Company and the chair of 
the Board’s Audit Committee. Mr. Wimpfheimer has been a member of the Board 
since 2008 and attended all meetings of the Board and Audit Committee held in 2025 
(to date). 
• Mr. Neal Wolkoff, the Chair of the Board, is an independent director of the Company. 
Mr. Wolkoff has been a member of the Board since 2012 and attended all meetings of 
the Board held in 2025 (to date). 
The Board believes that the Company and its shareholders will continue to benefit from the 
insight, institutional knowledge, experience and expertise that Mr. Baddeley, Mr. Coulson, Ms. 
Serene Schneider, Ms. Sears, Mr. Wimpfheimer, and Mr. Wolkoff bring to the Board. 
Biographical information is included below. 
The Board recommends that you vote “FOR” Proposal No. 1 to elect Gary Baddeley, R. 
Cromwell Coulson, Louisa Serene Schneider, Julia Sears, Andrew Wimpfheimer, and Neal 
Wolkoff to the Board. 
Biography of Gary Baddeley 
Gary Baddeley holds an executive position with Ginjan Bros, Inc., a food and soft beverage 
business. Previously, Mr. Baddeley was CEO of TDC Entertainment, an independent film and 
video producer and distributor, and served for two years as Vice President and General Manager 
of Robbins Entertainment. From 1990 to 1996, Mr. Baddeley was an attorney at Phillips Nizer 
LLP in New York City, specializing in representation of clients in the music and television 
industries. Mr. Baddeley received his JD from New York University School of Law and a BS from 
Kingston University. Mr. Baddeley is 60 years of age. 
4 
OTC Markets Group Inc. 
2025 Annual Shareholder Meeting Proxy Statement 
 
 
Biography of R. Cromwell Coulson 
R. Cromwell Coulson has been President, CEO and a Director of OTC Markets Group since 
1997. Mr. Coulson is responsible for the Company’s overall growth and strategic direction and 
has led the transformation of the Company into an operator of regulated financial markets for 
U.S. and global companies. Prior to OTC Markets Group, he was a trader and portfolio 
manager at Carr Securities Corporation, an institutional broker-dealer and market maker. He 
received his BBA from Southern Methodist University in 1989 and holds an OPM from Harvard 
Business School. Mr. Coulson is 59 years of age. 
Biography of Louisa Serene Schneider 
Louisa Serene Schneider is the founder and CEO of Rowan Inc., a high-growth consumer 
products and services brand operating over 100 locations across more than 30 states. She 
leads all facets of the business – including strategy, operations, and financial oversight – and 
has guided Rowan through multiple phases of national expansion, development of a 
differentiated clinical-standard service model, brand development, and organizational scaling.   
Before founding Rowan, Ms. Serene Schneider served as Chief Administrative Officer and Head 
of Investor Relations at Alder Hill Management LP.  Earlier, she led operations and program 
development for the Heilbrunn Center for Graham & Dodd Investing at Columbia Business 
School, where she also taught in the Executive Education program. Prior to her academic and 
investment management roles, she worked at Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan across M&A, fixed 
income research, and trading.  She earned her BS from Dartmouth College and her MBA from 
Columbia Business School. She also serves on the board of the nonprofit NextGenFace. 
Biography of Julia Sears 
Julia Sears has been a digital leader throughout her two decades of experience in the 
technology industry. Today, as the Chief Digital Officer at Altus Power, she is responsible for the 
company's digital products, AI, tech investments and transformation supporting energy growth. 
Ms. Sears spent 15 years of her career at the Nasdaq Stock Market creating industry-first 
products from trading platforms, global market data products, issuer and market participant 
solutions with Apple, Amazon, Google, Microsoft, and others resulting in multiple patents that 
are still in use today across the globe. After Nasdaq, Ms. Sears was the Head of B2B 
technology products for TIAA for seven years managing software that managed and invested 
billions of dollars. Ms. Sears attended the University of Massachusetts where she later held a 
multi-year board seat with the Social and Behavioral Sciences division. An award-winning 
digital thought leader, she is a frequent speaker at technology conferences. Ms. Sears is 48 
years of age. 
Biography of Andrew Wimpfheimer 
Andrew Wimpfheimer has been a private investor since 2005. Mr. Wimpfheimer served as 
Director of AM Capital LLC from 2002 to 2005. From 1995 to 2001, Mr. Wimpfheimer was 
Managing Director responsible for OTC-Non-Nasdaq Trading at Knight Securities, L.P. From 
1988 to 1995, he was an equity trader for Troster Singer Inc., a division of Spear, Leeds & 
Kellogg, Inc. From 1985 to 1988, Mr. Wimpfheimer was employed by Spear, Leeds & Kellogg 
Inc., where his duties included work on the NYSE, AMEX, Futures Market and Arbitrage 
Department. From 1980 to 1985, Mr. Wimpfheimer was an employee of Herzfeld & Stern LLP, 
where his duties included working on the government debt trading desk as well as working on the 
floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Mr. Wimpfheimer received his BA from Macalester 
College in St. Paul, Minnesota and graduated from the Taft School in Watertown, CT.  He 
attended the Collegiate School in New York City until 1971. Mr. Wimpfheimer is 68 years of age. 
5 
OTC Markets Group Inc. 
2025 Annual Shareholder Meeting Proxy Statement 
 
 
Biography of Neal Wolkoff 
Neal Wolkoff is the Chairman of OTC Markets Group’s Board of Directors. Mr. Wolkoff is a former 
executive of three exchanges. He is also a consultant and attorney focusing on futures and 
securities markets, exchanges, market regulation, operations, and clearinghouses. From 2008 
to February 2012, Mr. Wolkoff was the Chief Executive Officer of ELX Futures, L.P. From 2005 
to 2008, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the American Stock Exchange 
(AMEX). Prior to the AMEX, Mr. Wolkoff was an executive officer at the New York Mercantile 
Exchange (NYMEX) from 1981 to 2003, over time serving as Acting President, Chief Operating 
Officer, and Senior Vice President for Regulation and Clearing. From 1980 to 1981, Mr. Wolkoff 
was employed as an Honors Program Trial Attorney in the Division of Enforcement of the 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission. From 2013 to December 2022, Mr. Wolkoff served as 
a non-executive director of World Gold Trust Services, the sponsor of the Exchange Traded Fund 
“GLD,” and from 2017 to December 2022, he served as a non-executive director of WGC USA 
Asset Management Company, LLC, the sponsor of the Exchange Traded Fund “GLDM.” Mr. 
Wolkoff received a BA from Columbia University and a JD from Boston University School of Law 
and is a member of the Bar of the State of New York. Mr. Wolkoff is 70 years of age. 
 
Proposal No. 2: Ratification of the Appointment of the Company’s Independent 
Public Accounting Firm 
The Board has appointed Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered 
public accounting firm to audit our consolidated financial statements for our fiscal year ending 
December 31, 2025. Deloitte & Touche LLP has served as the Company’s independent 
registered public accounting firm since 2011. 
The Board recommends that you vote “FOR” Proposal No. 2 to ratify the appointment of 
the Company’s independent public accounting firm. 