Notes to proxy
1.  Every holder has the right to appoint some other person or company of their choice, who need not be a holder, to attend and act on their behalf at the meeting or any 
adjournment or postponement thereof. If you wish to appoint a person or company other than the persons whose names are printed herein, please insert the name of 
your chosen proxyholder in the space provided (see reverse).
2.  If the securities are registered in the name of more than one owner (for example, joint ownership, trustees, executors, etc.), then all those registered should sign this proxy. If you are 
voting on behalf of a corporation or another individual you may be required to provide documentation evidencing your power to sign this proxy with signing capacity stated. If you are 
voting on behalf of a corporation you are required to provide your name and designation of office, e.g., ABC Inc. per John Smith, President.
3. This proxy should be signed in the exact manner as the name(s) appear(s) on the proxy.
4. If this proxy is not dated, it will be deemed to bear the date on which it is mailed by Management to the holder.
5.  The securities represented by this proxy will be voted as directed by the holder, however, if such a direction is not made in respect of any matter, this proxy will be voted 
as recommended by Management.
6.  The securities represented by this proxy will be voted in favour or withheld from voting or voted against each of the matters described herein, as applicable, in accordance with the 
instructions of the holder, on any ballot that may be called for and, if the holder has specified a choice with respect to any matter to be acted on, the securities will be voted accordingly.
7.  This proxy confers discretionary authority in respect of amendments or variations to matters identified in the Notice of Meeting or other matters that may properly come before the 
meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.
8. This proxy should be read in conjunction with the accompanying documentation provided by Management.
Proxies submitted must be received by 8:30 a.m., Eastern Time, on May 13, 2026.
VOTE USING THE TELEPHONE OR INTERNET 24 HOURS A DAY 7 DAYS A WEEK!
To vote by telephone or the Internet, you will need to provide your CONTROL NUMBER listed below.
If you vote by telephone or the Internet, DO NOT mail back this proxy.
Voting by mail may be the only method for securities held in the name of a corporation or securities being voted on behalf of another individual.
Voting by mail or by Internet are the only methods by which a holder may appoint a person as proxyholder other than the Management nominees named on the reverse of this proxy. 
Instead of mailing this proxy, you may choose one of the two voting methods outlined above to vote this proxy.
•  Call the number listed BELOW from a touch tone 
telephone.
• Go to the following web site: 
  www.investorvote.com
• Smartphone?
 Scan the QR code to vote now.
Form of Proxy - Annual Meeting to be held on May 15, 2026
025YJA
This Form of Proxy is solicited by and on behalf of Management.
Fold
Fold
CONTROL NUMBER
•  You can attend the meeting virtually by visiting 
the URL provided on the back of this document.
To Vote Using the Telephone To Vote Using the Internet To Virtually Attend the Meeting
320 Bay Street, 14th Floor
Toronto, ON  M5H 4A6
www.computershare.com
Holder Account Number 
Security Class
 1-866-732-VOTE (8683) Toll Free
390803
025YKB
Fold
AR1
Interim Financial Statements – Mark this box if you 
would like to receive Interim Financial Statements and 
accompanying Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
by mail.
Annual Financial Statements – Mark this box if you 
would like to receive the Annual Financial Statements and 
accompanying Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
by mail.
If you are not mailing back your proxy, you may register online to receive the above financial report(s) by mail at www.computershare.com/mailinglist.
I/We, being holder(s) of Constellation Software Inc. 
hereby appoint: Mark Miller, or failing him, Jamal Baksh
Appointment of Proxyholder
OR
as my/our proxyholder with full power of substitution and to vote in accordance with the following direction (or if no directions have been given, as the proxyholder sees fit) and all other 
matters that may properly come before the Annual Meeting of shareholders of Constellation Software Inc. to be held in person at Delta Hotels Toronto, 75 Lower Simcoe Street, Toronto, 
Ontario, M5J 3A6 and online at https://meetnow.global/MMT5Q4H on May 15, 2026 at 8:30 a.m., Eastern Time, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. 
VOTING RECOMMENDATIONS ARE INDICATED BY HIGHLIGHTED TEXT OVER THE BOXES.
Print the name of the person you are appointing if 
this person is someone other than the Management 
Nominees listed herein. Beneficial shareholders 
may appoint themselves as a proxyholder.
Note: If completing the appointment box above and your appointee intends to attend the meeting 
online YOU MUST go to http://www.computershare.com/Constellation and provide Computershare 
with the name and email address of the person you are appointing. Computershare will use this 
information ONLY to provide the appointee with a user name to gain entry to the online meeting.  
Signature of Proxyholder
I/We authorize you to act in accordance with my/our instructions set out above. I/We hereby 
revoke any proxy previously given with respect to the Meeting. If no voting instructions are 
indicated above, and the proxy appoints the Management Nominees, this Proxy will be 
voted as recommended by Management.
If you are voting on behalf of a corporation you are required to provide your name and 
designation of office, e.g., ABC Inc. per John Smith, President.
DD / MM / YY
DateSignature(s)
Signing Capacity
2. Appointment of Auditors
Re-appointment of KPMG LLP, as auditors of the Corporation for the ensuing year and to authorize the directors to fix the remuneration to be paid to the auditors.
For Withhold
3. Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation
An advisory vote to accept the Corporation’s approach to executive compensation as more particularly described in the accompanying management information 
circular.
For Against
For Withhold For Withhold For Withhold
1. Election of Directors
01.  Jamal Baksh
04. Claire Kennedy
02.  John Billowits
05. Robert Kittel
03. Lawrence Cunningham
06. Mark Miller
07. Donna Parr 08.  Andrew Pastor 09.  Laurie Schultz
ONLQ